Cardio-Metabolic Benefits of Plant-Based Diets; Cardio-metabolic disease, namely ischemic heart disease, stroke, obesity, and type 2 diabetes, represent substantial health and economic burdens. Almost one half of cardio-metabolic deaths in the U.S. might be prevented through proper nutrition. Plant-based (vegetarian and vegan) diets are an effective strategy for improving nutrient intake. At the same time, they are associated with decreased all-cause mortality and decreased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and coronary heart disease. Evidence suggests that plant-based diets may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease events by an estimated 40% and the risk of cerebral vascular disease events by 29%. These diets also reduce the risk of developing metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes by about one half. Properly planned vegetarian diets are healthful, effective for weight and glycemic control, and provide metabolic and cardiovascular benefits, including reversing atherosclerosis and decreasing blood lipids and blood pressure. The use of plant-based diets as a means of prevention and treatment of cardio-metabolic disease should be promoted through dietary guidelines and recommendations.
Association of a plant-based dietary pattern in relation to gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has adverse effects on mothers and their offspring, is increasing worldwide. The role of a plant-based dietary pattern as a determinant of GDM is not well understood. Therefore, we examined the association between plant-based dietary patterns and the risk of GDM. Methods We enrolled 460 pregnant women in this case-control study, of them 200 were cases and 260 were controls. Dietary intake of participants was evaluated using three 24-hour dietary records. Adherence to the plant-based dietary patterns was scored using three indices of the overall plant-based dietary index (PDI), healthy plant-based diet (hPDI) and unhealthy plant-based diet index (uPDI). The risk of GDM was compared across tertiles of PDI, hPDI and uPDI. Results After multivariable adjustment, we demonstrated that the high PDI score was inversely associated with risk of GDM (OR = 0.47; 95% CI: 0.28-0.78, P = 0.004), but there was no significant association between hPDI (OR = 1.03; 95% CI: 0.64-1.65, P = 0.884) or uPDI (OR = 1.65; 95% CI: 0.98-2.78, P = 0.06) and GDM risk. Conclusions We found that following an overall plant-based diet was associated with lower risk of GDM. Future studies are warranted with longitudinal designs to confirm these findings.
No common denominator: Plant-based diets and treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes; Treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes is a poorly understood and underestimated iatrogenic complication of aggressive glycemic control in individuals suffering from diabetes. Symptoms, including severe neuropathic pain and autonomic dysfunction, usually follow an abrupt improvement in glycemic control. The latter is usually triggered by pharmacotherapy, however, treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes (TIND) has also been associated with severe dietary restriction. Dietary modifications are of paramount importance in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Hereby, calorie restriction and fasting diets as well as plant-based diets enjoy uninterrupted popularity. While cases of TIND have been reported with (very) low calorie diets, a case of TIND in the context of a whole-food plant-based diet has not been published to the best of my knowledge. Is this a simple coincidence or is there potentially a reason behind it? The hypothesis presented in this paper is that whole-food plant-based diets and TIND do not share a common denominator. Both evidence in support and evidence against this, admittedly, speculative hypothesis, is presented in this manuscript. A special focus is put on HbA1c dynamics with plant-based diets and reduced medication needs.
Key Elements of Plant-Based Diets Associated with Reduced Risk of Metabolic Syndrome; Approximately 20 %-25 % of adults worldwide have metabolic syndrome. Vegetarian and vegan diets have demonstrated effectiveness in improving body weight, glycemic control, and cardiovascular risk factors, as compared with conventional therapeutic approaches, and are potentially useful in the prevention of metabolic syndrome. This article consists of two steps: (1) a review of the literature on studies examining vegetarian and vegan diets and metabolic syndrome and (2) a review of foods and nutrients that are protective against or associated with metabolic syndromes that may help to explain the beneficial effects of plant-based dietary approaches for metabolic syndrome. The present review found eight observational research studies, and no intervention studies, examining the association of plant-based dietary approaches with metabolic syndrome. These studies, conducted mostly in Asian populations, yielded varying results. The majority, however, found better metabolic risk factors and lowered risk of metabolic syndrome among individuals following plant-based diets, as compared with omnivores. Some dietary components that are lower in the diets of vegetarians, such as energy intake, saturated fat, heme iron, and red and processed meat, may influence metabolic syndrome risk. In addition, plant-based diets are higher in fruits, vegetables, and fiber, which are protective against the development of metabolic syndrome.
Heart Failure and a Plant-Based Diet. A Case-Report and Literature Review; A 54-year-old female with grade 3 obesity body mass index (BMI 45.2 kg/m(2)) and type II diabetes (hemoglobin A1c 8.1%) presented to her primary care physician in May 2017 with a chief complaint of left lower extremity edema. Work-up revealed heart failure with depressed left ventricular systolic function. Upon diagnosis, she substantially altered her lifestyle, changing her diet from a "healthy western" one to a whole food plant-based one. Guideline directed medical therapy for heart failure was also utilized. Over five and a half months, she lost 22.7 kg and reversed her diabetes without the use of diabetes medications. Her left ventricular systolic function normalized. Although causality cannot be determined, this case highlights the potential role of a plant-based diet in helping to reverse heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. This article will review how a minimally processed whole food plant-based dietary pattern and similar dietary patterns, such as the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet, may contribute to the reversal of left ventricular dysfunction.
An update of the evidence relating to plant-based diets and cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and overweight; Recent findings from meta-analyses, European cohorts and randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the relationship between plant-based dietary regimes (i.e. those with an emphasis on plant foods, such as vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean or combination diets), and the incidence of, or risk factors for, cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity are considered in this review. Evidence from meta-analyses of epidemiological studies indicates that those following plant-based dietary regimes have around 20-25% lower risk of developing CVD and a similar reduced risk of developing T2D. Evidence from RCTs indicates that those following plant-based dietary regimes have lower total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and blood pressure, and modest reductions in inflammatory and endothelial markers. Higher intake of plant foods has been associated with lower incidence of obesity, lower BMI and smaller waist circumference. For weight loss, it seems that following a plant-based dietary regime results in weight loss comparable to that achieved on conventional reduced calorie diets, but with better overall weight management. The totality of evidence indicates there are benefits for cardiovascular health, risk of developing T2D and weight management from following a plant-based dietary regime. From a nutritional perspective, plant-based diets tend to be lower in saturated fatty acids, higher in unsaturated fatty acids and fibre, and lower in energy density than typical 'Western' diets. These qualities may be at the core of the health benefits reported and/or it may be simply a greater proportion of plant foods in the diet that is beneficial in its own right.
Change in Plant-Based Diet Quality Is Associated with Changes in Plasma Adiposity-Associated Biomarker Concentrations in Women; Background: A healthful plant-based diet is associated with lower risk of cardiometabolic diseases. However, it is still unclear whether such benefits are due to its favorable effects on adiposity-associated biomarkers. Objective: We investigated the associations between biomarkers and 3 plant-based diet indices: an overall plant-based diet index (PDI); a healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI); and an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI). Methods: In the Nurses' Health Study II, 831 women [baseline mean age: 45 y; body mass index (BMI, kg/m(2)): 24.6] were randomly selected from those who provided 2 blood samples in 1996-1999 and 2010-2011 to measure plasma concentrations of adiponectin, leptin, soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), insulin, retinol-binding protein-4, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), and interleukin-6 (IL-6). Plant-based diet indices were derived from semiquantitative food frequency questionnaires assessed at each blood collection. Linear mixed models were used to evaluate cross-sectional associations, and general linear models were used to evaluate longitudinal associations. Results: In cross-sectional analyses with multivariable adjustment including BMI, higher hPDI was associated with lower concentrations of leptin, insulin, and hsCRP, and higher adiponectin and sOB-R concentrations (biomarker differences per 10-point higher hPDI: -7.2%, -10.0%, -13.6%, 3.0%, and 1.9%, respectively; P <= 0.025). A higher uPDI was associated with higher concentrations of leptin and insulin (4.4% and 4.8%, respectively; P <= 0.048). In longitudinal analyses with multivariable adjustment including weight change, an increase in hPDI (improved plant-based diet quality) was inversely associated with changes in leptin and hsCRP (biomarker changes per 10-point hPDI increase: -7.7% and -17.8%, respectively; P <= 0.005), whereas an increase in uPDI (worsened plant-based diet quality) was positively associated with changes in leptin, hsCRP, and IL-6 (10.1%, 13.5%, and 12.4%, respectively; P <= 0.021). Conclusions: Adherence to a healthful plant-based diet is associated with favorable long-term changes in adiposity-associated biomarker concentrations in women.
Plant-Based Diets for Personal, Population, and Planetary Health; Worldwide, the burden of morbidity and mortality from diet-related chronic diseases is increasing, driven by poor diet quality and overconsumption of calories. At the same time, the global food production system is draining our planet's resources, jeopardizing the environment and future food security. Personal, population, and planetary health are closely intertwined and will all continue to be vulnerable to these threats unless action is taken. Fortunately, shifting current global dietary patterns towards high-quality, plant-based diets could alleviate these health and environmental burdens. Compared with typical Western diets with high amounts of animal products, healthy plant-based diets are not only more sustainable, but have also been associated with lower risk of chronic diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and some cancers. For personalized disease management and prevention, precision nutrition has the potential to offer more effective approaches tailored to individual characteristics such as the genome, metabolome, and microbiome. However, this area of research is in the early stages and is not yet ready for widespread clinical use. Therefore, it must not overshadow public health nutrition strategies, which have the power to improve health and sustainability on a larger scale. If widely implemented, interventions and policy changes that shift the globe towards healthy plant-based dietary patterns could be instrumental in ensuring future personal, population, and planetary health.
Atrial fibrillation risk factor management with a plant-based diet: A review; Atrial fibrillation is the most prevalent cardiac arrhythmia in the clinical setting affecting approximately 34 million individuals worldwide. The disease is associated with a significant burden of morbidity and mortality resulting from stroke, heart failure, and acute coronary syndrome. Atrial fibrillation is now a major public health problem with tremendous implications on the economy and the world's healthcare systems. Numerous risk factors and clinical conditions that are associated with the development and progression of atrial fibrillation have been identified in the past. Within the last decades, a shift in awareness toward modifiable conditions has been observed and risk factor management has gained significant momentum. In light of this, dietary approaches are of paramount importance. Whole-food plant-based diets emphasizing grains, legumes, vegetables, fruits and nuts and excluding most (or all) animal products have recently experienced a significantly increased interest. The purpose of this review is to present evidence suggestive of a plant-based diet being a valuable tool in atrial fibrillation risk factor management. The effects of a plant-based diet on both established and emerging risk factors, such as inflammation and subclinical atherosclerosis, are reviewed in this article. A special focus is put on cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors including hypertension, coronary artery disease, diabetes, and obesity.
Plant-Based Diets and Incident CKD and Kidney Function; Background and objectivesThe association between plant-based diets, incident CKD, and kidney function decline has not been examined in the general population. We prospectively investigated this relationship in a population-based study, and evaluated if risk varied by different types of plant-based diets.Design, setting, participants, & measurementsAnalyses were conducted in a sample of 14,686 middle-aged adults enrolled in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study. Diets were characterized using four plant-based diet indices. In the overall plant-based diet index, all plant foods were positively scored; in the healthy plant-based diet index, only healthful plant foods were positively scored; in the provegetarian diet, selected plant foods were positively scored. In the less healthy plant-based diet index, only less healthful plant foods were positively scored. All indices negatively scored animal foods. We used Cox proportional hazards models to study the association with incident CKD and linear mixed models to examine decline in eGFR, adjusting for confounders.ResultsDuring a median follow-up of 24 years, 4343 incident CKD cases occurred. Higher adherence to a healthy plant-based diet (HR comparing quintile 5 versus quintile 1 [HRQ5 versus Q1], 0.86; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.78 to 0.96; P for trend =0.001) and a provegetarian diet (HRQ5 versus Q1, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.82 to 0.99; P for trend =0.03) were associated with a lower risk of CKD, whereas higher adherence to a less healthy plant-based diet (HRQ5 versus Q1, 1.11; 95% CI, 1.01 to 1.21; P for trend =0.04) was associated with an elevated risk. Higher adherence to an overall plant-based diet and a healthy plant-based diet was associated with slower eGFR decline. The proportion of CKD attributable to lower adherence to healthy plant-based diets was 4.1% (95% CI, 0.6% to 8.3%).ConclusionsHigher adherence to healthy plant-based diets and a vegetarian diet was associated with favorable kidney disease outcomes.
The Potential for Plant-Based Diets to Promote Health Among Blacks Living in the United States; Plant-based diets are associated with reduced risks of various chronic diseases in the general population. However, it is unclear how these benefits translate to Blacks living in the United States, who are disproportionately burdened with heart disease, cancer, diabetes, obesity, and chronic kidney disease. The objectives of this study were to: (1) review the general evidence of plant-based diets and health outcomes; (2) discuss how this evidence translates to Blacks following a plant-based diet; and (3) provide recommendations and considerations for future studies in this area. Interestingly, although the evidence supporting plant-based diets in the general population is robust, little research has been done on Blacks specifically. However, the available data suggests that following a plant-based diet may reduce the risk of heart disease and possibly cancer in this population. More research is needed on cardiovascular disease risk factors, cancer subtypes, and other chronic diseases. Further, attention must be given to the unique individual, familial, communal, and environmental needs that Blacks who follow plant-based diets may have. Interventions must be culturally appropriate in order to achieve long-term success, and providing low-cost, flavorful, and nutritious options will be important.
Healthy Plant-Based Diets Are Associated with Lower Risk of All-Cause Mortality in US Adults; Background: Plant-based diets, often referred to as vegetarian diets, are associated with health benefits. However, the association with mortality is less clear. Objective: We investigated associations between plant-based diet indexes and all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality in a nationally representative sample of US adults. Methods: Analyses were based on 11,879 participants (20-80 y of age) from NHANES III (1988-1994) linked to data on all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality through 2011. We constructed an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), which assigns positive scores for plant foods and negative scores for animal foods, on the basis of a food-frequency questionnaire administered at baseline. We also constructed a healthful PDI (hPDI), in which only healthy plant foods received positive scores, and a less-healthful (unhealthy) PDI (uPDI), in which only less-healthful plant foods received positive scores. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the association between plant-based diet consumption in 1988-1994 and subsequent mortality. We tested for effect modification by sex. Results: In the overall sample, PDI and uPDI were not associated with all-cause or cardiovascular disease mortality after controlling for demographic characteristics, socioeconomic factors, and health behaviors. However, among those with an hPDI score above the median, a 10-unit increase in hPDI was associated with a 5% lower risk in all-cause mortality in the overall study population (HR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.91, 0.98) and among women (HR: 0.94; 95% CI: 0.88, 0.99), but not among men (HR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.90, 1.01). There was no effect modification by sex (P-interaction > 0.10). Conclusions: A nonlinear association between hPDI and all-cause mortality was observed. Healthy plant-based diet scores above the median were associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality in US adults. Future research exploring the impact of quality of plant-based diets on long-term health outcomes is necessary.
Effect of whole-grain plant-based diet on the diabetes mellitus type 2 features in newly diagnosed patients: a pilot study; Fifteen diabetic patients, with a duration of 4.9 months with diabetes and an average age of 49.6 +/- 8.6 years, participated in a pilot study for 12 weeks to assess the effect of plant-based diet on their diabetes features. Participants were 2 females and 13 males and their baseline measurements were 30.2 +/- 5.4 kg/m(2), 189.2 +/- 76.3 mg/dL and 9.4 +/- 2.5% for body mass index [BMI], fasting blood glucose [FBG] and HbA1c, respectively. Participant's adherence to the dietary programme on a scale of 0-10 was 8 +/- 1.5. Their endpoint BMI, FBG and HbA1c were 28.7 +/- 4.3 kg/m(2), 102.6 +/- 19.8 mg/dL and 6.2 +/- 0.8%, respectively. Weight loss was significantly correlated with baseline body weight, baseline BMI and duration in diabetes, while baseline fasting blood glucose was correlated with baseline and endpoint HbA1c [p < 0.01]. However, it was not significantly correlated with endpoint body weight [p < 0.08] and BMI [p < 0.018]. This study has shown that management of body parameters [weight and BMI] through diet such as plant-based diet has resulted in significant reduction in diabetes parameters such as FBG and HbA1c. A larger number of participants are recommended in similar type of studies to have solid conclusions.
The role of dietary fats in plant-based diets; In the United States, the notion that low-fat, high- carbohydrate diets are essential for health has grown into an obsession, driven largely by an effort to reduce heart disease and, more recently, certain types of cancer. We know that saturated fatty acids are more closely associated with risk factors for heart disease than are unsaturated fatty acids. Many people believe that plant-based diets are healthy because they are low in fat. However,plant-based diets are not necessarily low-fat. In true plant-based diets, unsaturated fatty acids predominate, whereas saturated fatty acids come largely from animal sources such as dairy products and eggs. Plant-based diets include foods that contain fats, such as nuts and seeds and oils from grains and seeds. The fats in these foods are not associated with increased risk for heart disease. In addition, for people with insulin resistance, higher-fat diets protect against the heart disease risk factors of low HDL-cholesterol concentration, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia. Because humans can synthesize fat from dietary carbohydrate, and because our adipose stores and circulating fatty acids reflect dietary intake, scientists understand the relations between the amounts and types of dietary fats and the types of fats found in body fat depots. Consuming dietary fats that are not associated with increased risk of disease can be a part of a healthful diet.
Plant-Based and Plant-Rich Diet Patterns during Gestation: Beneficial Effects and Possible Shortcomings; Environmental and lifestyle factors are known to play an important role during gestation, determining newborns' health status and influencing their risk of being subject to certain noncommunicable diseases later in life. In particular, maternal nutritional patterns characterized by a low intake of plant-derived foods could increase the risk of gestation-related issues, such as preeclampsia and pregravid obesity, increase genotoxicant susceptibility, and contribute to the onset of pediatric diseases. In particular, the risk of pediatric wheeze, diabetes, neural tube defects, orofacial clefts, and some pediatric tumors seems to be reduced by maternal intake of adequate amounts of vegetables, fruits, and selected antioxidants. Nevertheless, plant-based diets, like any other diet, if improperly balanced, could be deficient in some specific nutrients that are particularly relevant during gestation, such as n-3 (omega-3) fatty acids, vitamin B-12, iron, zinc, and iodine, possibly affecting the offspring's health state. Here we review the scientific literature in this field, focusing specifically on observational studies in humans, and highlight protective effects elicited by maternal diets enriched in plant-derived foods and possible issues related to maternal plant-based diets.
A plant-based diet for the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is rising worldwide, especially in older adults. Diet and lifestyle, particularly plant-based diets, are effective tools for type 2 diabetes prevention and management. Plant-based diets are eating patterns that emphasize legumes, whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, and seeds and discourage most or all animal products. Cohort studies strongly support the role of plant-based diets, and food and nutrient components of plant-based diets, in reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes. Evidence from observational and interventional studies demonstrates the benefits of plant-based diets in treating type 2 diabetes and reducing key diabetes-related macrovascular and microvascular complications. Optimal macronutrient ratios for preventing and treating type 2 diabetes are controversial; the focus should instead be on eating patterns and actual foods. However, the evidence does suggest that the type and source of carbohydrate (unrefined versus refined), fats (monounsaturated and polyunsaturated versus saturated and trans), and protein (plant versus animal) play a major role in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes. Multiple potential mechanisms underlie the benefits of a plant-based diet in ameliorating insulin resistance, including promotion of a healthy body weight, increases in fiber and phytonutrients, food-microbiome interactions, and decreases in saturated fat, advanced glycation endproducts, nitrosamines, and heme iron.
Healthy Dietary Patterns for Preventing Cardiometabolic Disease: The Role of Plant-Based Foods and Animal Products; Diets rich in plant foods are increasingly recommended to lower the risk of cardiometabolic diseases because of strong evidence that fruit, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, nuts, and seeds are protective. Although some animal products, such as unprocessed lean red meat, poultry, eggs, and dairy products, are recommended in dietary patterns to prevent cardiometabolic diseases, many health professionals advocate for exclusively plant-based dietary patterns. The aim of this article was to review recent evidence on the relative contributions of plant-based foods and animal products to a healthy dietary pattern. Secondary aims were to discuss current consumption patterns and adherence to dietary recommendations. Epidemiologic evidence suggests that a higher intake of plant-based foods is associated with a lower risk of cardiometabolic disease, whereas a higher meat intake increases the risk of cardiometabolic disease and the replacement of small quantities of animal protein with plant protein is associated with lower risk. Randomized controlled studies show that nutrient-dense diets containing animal protein, including some unprocessed lean meats, improve cardiovascular disease risk factors. Therefore, it is likely that the consumption of animal products, at recommended amounts, in the context of a dietary pattern that meets recommendations for fruit, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, seeds, and legumes, and does not exceed recommendations for added sugar, sodium, and saturated fat, may not increase cardiometabolic risk. Currently, adherence to these recommendations is suboptimal. Therefore, rather than debating the merits of healthy dietary patterns that are exclusively plant-based or that include animal sources in recommended amounts, the focus should be on improving overall eating patterns to align with dietary guidelines. Registered Dietitian/Nutritionists (RDNs) have the requisite nutrition expertise to facilitate change at the individual and population levels to promote adherence to healthy dietary patterns. Importantly, advocacy activities are urgently needed to create a healthier food environment, and all health professionals, including RDNs, must play a role.
A Plant-Based Dietary Intervention for Preoperative Glucose Optimization in Diabetic Patients Undergoing Total Joint Arthroplasty; Purpose. The purpose of this study was to assess the feasibility and effectiveness of a whole food plant-based diet (WFPBD) to improve day of surgery fasting blood glucose (FBG) among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Patients and Methods. Ten patients with T2D scheduled for a total hip or total knee replacement were recruited. For 3 weeks preceding their surgeries, subjects were asked to consume an entirely WFPBD. Frozen WFPBD meals were professionally prepared and delivered to each participant for the 3 weeks prior to surgery. FBG was reassessed on the morning of surgery and compared with preintervention values. Compliance with the diet was assessed. Results. Mean age of subjects and reported duration of diabetes was 65 and 8 years, respectively, average hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was 6.6%, and 6 were women. Mean FBG decreased from 127 to 116 mg/dL (P = .2). Five of the subjects experienced improvement in glycemic control, with an average decline of 11 mg/dL. Conclusion. A WFPBD is a potentially effective intervention to improve glycemic control among patients with T2D during the period leading up to surgery. Future controlled trials on a larger sample of patients to assess the impact of a WFPBD on glycemic control and surgical outcomes are warranted.
Association between a pro plant-based dietary score and cancer risk in the prospective NutriNet-sante cohort; Diverse plant products (e.g. fruits, vegetables, legumes) are associated with decreased cancer risk at several locations while red and processed meat were found to increase cancer risk. A pro plant-based dietary score reflecting the relative contribution of consumed plant vs animal products was developed, and was associated with lower overall mortality, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk, among omnivorous adults. For the first time, we investigated the prospective associations between this pro plant-based dietary score and cancer risk. This study included 42,544 men and women of the French NutriNet-Sante prospective cohort (2009-2016) aged >= 45 years who completed at least three 24-hr-dietary records during the first year of follow-up. The risk of developing cancer was compared across sex-specific tertiles of pro plant-based dietary score by multivariable Cox models. In total, 1,591 first primary incident cancer cases were diagnosed during follow-up, among which 487 breast, 243 prostate, 198 digestive and 68 lung cancers. A higher pro plant-based dietary score was associated with decreased risks of overall (HRt3vs.t1=0.85; 95% CI 0.76, 0.97; P-trend=0.02), digestive (HRt3vs.t1=0.68; 95% CI 0.47; 0.99; P-trend=0.04) and lung (HRt3vs.t1=0.47; 95% CI 0.25, 0.90; P-trend=0.02) cancer, though no substantial associations were found for breast or prostate cancers. This large cohort study supports a beneficial role of higher intakes of plant-based products along with lower intakes of animal products, within a balanced omnivorous diet, regarding primary cancer prevention. These results are consistent with mechanistic evidence from experimental studies.
Vegetarian and vegan diets in type 2 diabetes management; Vegetarian and vegan diets offer significant benefits for diabetes management. In observational studies, individuals following vegetarian diets are about half as likely to develop diabetes, compared with non-vegetarians. In clinical trials in individuals with type 2 diabetes, low-fat vegan diets improve glycemic control to a greater extent than conventional diabetes diets. Although this effect is primarily attributable to greater weight loss, evidence also suggests that reduced intake of saturated fats and high-glycemic-index foods, increased intake of dietary fiber and vegetable protein, reduced intramyocellular lipid concentrations, and decreased iron stores mediate the influence of plant-based diets on glycemia. Vegetarian and vegan diets also improve plasma lipid concentrations and have been shown to reverse atherosclerosis progression. In clinical studies, the reported acceptability of vegetarian and vegan diets is comparable to other therapeutic regimens. The presently available literature indicates that vegetarian and vegan diets present potential advantages for the management of type 2 diabetes.
A multicenter randomized controlled trial of a plant-based nutrition program to reduce body weight and cardiovascular risk in the corporate setting: the GEICO study; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of a low-fat plant-based diet program on anthropometric and biochemical measures in a multicenter corporate setting. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Employees from 10 sites of a major US company with body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes were randomized to either follow a low-fat vegan diet, with weekly group support and work cafeteria options available, or make no diet changes for 18 weeks. Dietary intake, body weight, plasma lipid concentrations, blood pressure and glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1C)) were determined at baseline and 18 weeks. RESULTS: Mean body weight fell 2.9 kg and 0.06 kg in the intervention and control groups, respectively (P<0.001). Total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol fell 8.0 and 8.1 mg/dl in the intervention group and 0.01 and 0.9 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.01). HbA(1C) fell 0.6 percentage point and 0.08 percentage point in the intervention and control group, respectively (P<0.01). Among study completers, mean changes in body weight were -4.3 kg and -0.08 kg in the intervention and control groups, respectively (P<0.001). Total and LDL cholesterol fell 13.7 and 13.0 mg/dl in the intervention group and 1.3 and 1.7 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.001). HbA(1c) levels decreased 0.7 percentage point and 0.1 percentage point in the intervention and control group, respectively (P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: An 18-week dietary intervention using a low-fat plant-based diet in a corporate setting improves body weight, plasma lipids, and, in individuals with diabetes, glycemic control.
Plant-based Diet for HbA1c Reduction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: an Evidence-based Case Report; Background: diabetes has become a major public health concern with an estimated 180 million cases worldwide. Nutritional adjustment is one of the key aspects in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Previous studies have suggested an association between vegetarian diets and improvements in glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus, however the relationship is not well established. The aim of this report is to perform a critical appraisal to analyze whether plant-based diet reduces the HbA1c level compared to conventional diet. Methods: a comprehensive computer-based literature search was performed on June 20, 2016 using PubMed, Ovid, EBSCO, and the Cochrane Library. All abstracts and titles from the initial search results were screened, reviewed, and appraised using critical appraisal worksheets by Center of Evidence-Based Medicine, University of Oxford. Results: one systematic review and two RCTs met the inclusion criteria and were considered eligible for this case report. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, HbA1c significantly yielded greater reduction in the plant-based group compared to conventional diet group after 22 weeks of follow up. Similarly, there was a statistically greater reduction in HbA1c level in the plant-based group after 72 weeks. Furthermore, consumption of plant-based diet was associated with a significant reduction in HbA1c. Conclusion: in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, HbA1c reduction was greater in patients with plant-based diet compared to patients with conventional diet. Further research should be conducted with larger sample size and longer follow-up period.
A Comprehensive Review of the Literature Supporting Recommendations From the Canadian Diabetes Association for the Use of a Plant-Based Diet for Management of Type 2 Diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is considered one of the fastest growing diseases in Canada, representing a serious public health concern. Thus, clinicians have begun targeting modifiable risk factors to manage type 2 diabetes, including dietary patterns such as a plant-based diets (PBDs). The Canadian Diabetes Association has included PBDs among the recommended dietary patterns to be used in medical nutrition therapy for persons with type 2 diabetes. To support knowledge translation, this review summarizes the current literature relating to PBDs and the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, its clinical applications and its acceptability in the management of type 2 diabetes as well as its application in community settings. This comprehensive review seeks to close the literature gap by providing background and rationale to support the use of PBDs as medical nutrition therapy. Within this review is support from large observational studies, which have shown that PBDs were associated with lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes. As well, intervention studies have shown that PBDs were just as effective, if not more effective, than other diabetes diets in improving body weight, cardiovascular risk factors, insulin sensitivity, glycated hemoglobin levels, oxidative stress markers and renovascular markers. Furthermore, patient acceptability was comparable to other diabetes diets, and PBDs reduced the need for diabetes medications. Diabetes education centres in Canada could improve patients' perceptions of PBDs by developing PBD-focused education and support as well as providing individualized counselling sessions addressing barriers to change. The development of more standardized and user-friendly PBD practice guidelines could overcome the disparity in recommendations and, thereby, increase how frequently practitioners recommend PBDs. Based on current published research, PBDs lend support in the management of type 2 diabetes. Crown Copyright (C) 2016
A Plant-Based Diet for Type 2 Diabetes Scientific Support and Practical Strategies; Purpose The purpose of this review is to provide educators with the knowledge and tools to utilize plant-based nutrition education as an intervention for type 2 diabetes. Scientific Support for the efficacy, acceptability, and nutritional adequacy of a plant-based diet for people with type 2 diabetes is presented, and practical considerations Such as medication adjustment and risk of hypoglycemia are reviewed. Conclusions Plant-based meal planning is an acceptable and effective strategy that educators call use to improve diabetes management and reduce risk of complications. Studies show that dietary changes that are effective for reducing cardiac risk may also be helpful for management of type 2 diabetes. A low-fat, plant-based diet reduces body weight and improves glycemic control, and has been shown to be remarkably well accepted by patients.
Impact of a Plant-Based Diet and Support on Mitigating Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Latinos Living in Medically Underserved Areas; Purpose: To determine the impact that a high-fiber, low-fat diet, derived from mostly plant-based sources, when coupled with support has upon self-management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Latinos from medically underserved areas (MUAs). Design: Experimental randomized controlled community pilot study. Setting: Three community clinics in MUAs located within San Bernardino County, California. Participants: Thirty-two randomly assigned Latinos with A1(C) greater than 6.4: 15 control and 17 experimental. Intervention: Participants completed a 5-week education program. Researchers provided follow-up support for 17 randomly assigned experimental group participants through focus groups held at participating clinics-1, 3, and 6 months posteducation. Measures: Changes in fat and fiber consumption were measured using a modified Dietary Screener for Mexican Americans. Self-management was measured through the Self-Efficacy for Exercise Scale and Diabetes Quality of Life Measure. Analysis: Baseline characteristics for both groups were analyzed using independent t tests and chi(2) tests. A 2-way repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to analyze biometric data between baseline and 6 months for both groups. Results: Mean A1C levels decreased from baseline to 6 months for both groups: control, mu(1) = 9.57, mu(2) = 9.49; experimental, mu(1) = 8.53, mu(2) = 7.31. Conclusion: The experimental group demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in mean A1(C) levels (P = .002) when compared to the control group.
Changes in Plant-Based Diet Quality and Total and Cause-Specific Mortality; Background: Plant-based diets have been associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) and are recommended for both health and environmental benefits. However, the association between changes in plant-based diet quality and mortality remains unclear. Methods: We investigated the associations between 12-year changes (from 1986 to 1998) in plant-based diet quality assessed by 3 plant-based diet indices (score range, 18-90)-an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), a healthful PDI, and an unhealthful PDI-and subsequent total and cause-specific mortality (1998-2014). Participants were 49 407 women in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and 25 907 men in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (HPFS) who were free from CVD and cancer in 1998. Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional-hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. Results: We documented 10 686 deaths including 2046 CVD deaths and 3091 cancer deaths in the NHS over 725 316 person-years of follow-up and 6490 deaths including 1872 CVD deaths and 1772 cancer deaths in the HPFS over 371 322 person-years of follow-up. Compared with participants whose indices remained stable, among those with the greatest increases in diet scores (highest quintile), the pooled multivariable-adjusted HRs for total mortality were 0.95 (95% CI, 0.90-1.00) for PDI, 0.90 (95% CI, 0.85-0.95) for healthful PDI, and 1.12 (95% CI, 1.07-1.18) for unhealthful PDI. Among participants with the greatest decrease (lowest quintile), the multivariable-adjusted HRs were 1.09 (95% CI, 1.04-1.15) for PDI, 1.10 (95% CI, 1.05-1.15) for healthful PDI, and 0.93 (95% CI, 0.88-0.98) for unhealthful PDI. For CVD mortality, the risk associated with a 10-point increase in each PDI was 7% lower (95% CI, 1-12%) for PDI, 9% lower (95% CI, 4-14%) for healthful PDI, and 8% higher (95% CI, 2-14%) for unhealthful PDI. There were no consistent associations between changes in plant-based diet indices and cancer mortality. Conclusions: Improving plant-based diet quality over a 12-year period was associated with a lower risk of total and CVD mortality, whereas increased consumption of an unhealthful plant-based diet was associated with a higher risk of total and CVD mortality.
A Plant-Based Meal Stimulates Incretin and Insulin Secretion More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Standard Meal in Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Crossover Study; Diminished postprandial secretion of incretins and insulin represents one of the key pathophysiological mechanisms behind type 2 diabetes (T2D). We tested the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: A standard meat (M-meal) and a vegan (V-meal) on postprandial incretin and insulin secretion in participants with T2D. A randomized crossover design was used in 20 participants with T2D. Plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), amylin, and gastric inhibitory peptide (GIP) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120, and 180 min. Beta-cell function was assessed with a mathematical model, using C-peptide deconvolution. Repeated-measures ANOVA was used for statistical analysis. Postprandial plasma glucose responses were similar after both test meals (p = 0.64). An increase in the stimulated secretion of insulin (by 30.5%; 95% CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001), C-peptide (by 7.1%; 95% CI 4.1 to 9.9%; p < 0.001), and amylin (by 15.7%; 95% CI 11.8 to 19.7%; p < 0.001) was observed following consumption of the V-meal. An increase in stimulated secretion of GLP-1 (by 19.2%; 95% CI 12.4 to 26.7%; p < 0.001) and a decrease in GIP (by -9.4%; 95% CI -17.3 to -0.7%; p = 0.02) were observed after the V-meal. Several parameters of beta-cell function increased after the V-meal, particularly insulin secretion at a fixed glucose value 5 mmol/L, rate sensitivity, and the potentiation factor. Our results showed an increase in postprandial incretin and insulin secretion, after consumption of a V-meal, suggesting a therapeutic potential of plant-based meals for improving beta-cell function in T2D.
The effects of plant-based diets on the body and the brain: a systematic review; Western societies notice an increasing interest in plant-based eating patterns such as vegetarian and vegan, yet potential effects on the body and brain are a matter of debate. Therefore, we systematically reviewed existing human interventional studies on putative effects of a plant-based diet on the metabolism and cognition, and what is known about the underlying mechanisms. Using the search terms "plant-based OR vegan OR vegetarian AND diet AND intervention" in PubMed filtered for clinical trials in humans retrieved 205 studies out of which 27, plus an additional search extending the selection to another five studies, were eligible for inclusion based on three independent ratings. We found robust evidence for short- to moderate-term beneficial effects of plant-based diets versus conventional diets (duration <= 24 months) on weight status, energy metabolism and systemic inflammation in healthy participants, obese and type-2 diabetes patients. Initial experimental studies proposed novel microbiome-related pathways, by which plant-based diets modulate the gut microbiome towards a favorable diversity of bacteria species, yet a functional "bottom up" signaling of plant-based diet-induced microbial changes remains highly speculative. In addition, little is known, based on interventional studies about cognitive effects linked to plant-based diets. Thus, a causal impact of plant-based diets on cognitive functions, mental and neurological health and respective underlying mechanisms has yet to be demonstrated. In sum, the increasing interest for plant-based diets raises the opportunity for developing novel preventive and therapeutic strategies against obesity, eating disorders and related comorbidities. Still, putative effects of plant-based diets on brain health and cognitive functions as well as the underlying mechanisms remain largely unexplored and new studies need to address these questions.
Plant-based diets for children as a means of improving adult cardiometabolic health; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the largest contributor to global mortality, and this trend is expected to continue. Although mortality rates have been falling, adverse developments in obesity and diabetes threaten to reverse this. It has been estimated that the only viable strategy to reduce the epidemic is to focus on population-wide risk factor reduction. Primordial prevention, a strategy aimed at avoiding the development of risk factors before the disease onset, has been shown to reduce the CVD epidemic substantially. Plant-based diets appear beneficial for prevention of cardiometabolic diseases, with adult vegetarians and vegans having lower CVD risk than omnivores. Atherosclerosis starts in childhood and progresses in relation to classical CVD risk factors, which, along with dietary habits, track to adulthood. Based on this evidence, it is proposed that plant-based diets in childhood could promote cardiometabolic health in adults and thereby reduce CVD and promote longevity and health. However, the need for additional research to establish the safety of predominantly or exclusively plant-based diets in children is noted.
Association Between Plant-Based Dietary Patterns and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; IMPORTANCE Accumulating epidemiologic evidence has suggested favorable associations between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes, although there is a lack of a quantitative summary of evidence substantiating this important association. OBJECTIVE To quantitatively synthesize available prospective observational evidence on the association between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes. DATA SOURCES A systematic search of PubMed and MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and reference lists through February 15, 2019, was conducted. Data analysis was conducted between December 2018 and February 2019. STUDY SELECTION All prospective observational studies that examined the association between adherence to plant-based dietary patterns and incidence of type 2 diabetes among adults 18 years or older were identified. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines for data abstraction and reporting were followed, and a National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute assessment tool was used to evaluate study quality. Two authors independently conducted full-text assessments and data abstraction. Meta-analysis was conducted using the random-effects method to calculate the overall relative risk (RR) and 95% CI. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Level of adherence to a plant-based diet and incidence of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS A total of 9 studies were identified, totaling 307099 participants with 23544 cases of incident type 2 diabetes. A significant inverse association was observed between higher adherence to a plant-based dietary pattern and risk of type 2 diabetes (RR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.71-0.84) in comparison with poorer adherence, with modest heterogeneity across studies (I-2 = 44.5%; P = .07 for heterogeneity). Similar findings were obtained when using the fixed-effects model (RR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.75-0.84). Consistent associations were observed across predefined subgroups. This association was strengthened when healthy plant-based foods, such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, and nuts, were included in the definition of plant-based patterns (RR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.62-0.79). Most studies were deemed to have good quality in terms of dietary assessment, disease outcomes, and statistical adjustment for confounding factors. Using restricted cubic splines, a significant inverse linear dose-response association was identified between plant-based dietary indices and risk of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Plant-based dietary patterns, especially when they are enriched with healthful plant-based foods, may be beneficial for the primary prevention of type 2 diabetes.
Plant versus animal based diets and insulin resistance, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: the Rotterdam Study; Vegan or vegetarian diets have been suggested to reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, not much is known on whether variation in the degree of having a plant-based versus animal-based diet may be beneficial for prevention of T2D. We aimed to investigate whether level of adherence to a diet high in plant-based foods and low in animal-based foods is associated with insulin resistance, prediabetes, and T2D. Our analysis included 6798 participants (62.77.8years) from the Rotterdam Study (RS), a prospective population-based cohort in the Netherlands. Dietary intake data were collected with food-frequency questionnaires at baseline of three sub-cohorts of RS (RS-I-1: 1989-1993, RS-II-1: 2000-2001, RS-III-1: 2006-2008). We constructed a continuous plant-based dietary index (range 0-92) assessing adherence to a plant-based versus animal-based diet. Insulin resistance at baseline and follow-up was assessed using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Prediabetes and T2D were collected from general practitioners' records, pharmacies' databases, and follow-up examinations in our research center until 2012. We used multivariable linear mixed models to examine association of the index with longitudinal HOMA-IR, and multivariable Cox proportional-hazards regression models to examine associations of the index with risk of prediabetes and T2D. During median 5.7, and 7.3years of follow-up, we documented 928 prediabetes cases and 642 T2D cases. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, a higher score on the plant-based dietary index was associated with lower insulin resistance (per 10 units higher score: =-0.09; 95% CI: -0.10; -0.08), lower prediabetes risk (HR=0.89; 95% CI: 0.81; 0.98), and lower T2D risk [HR=0.82 (0.73; 0.92)]. After additional adjustment for BMI, associations attenuated and remained statistically significant for longitudinal insulin resistance [=-0.05 (-0.06; -0.04)] and T2D risk [HR=0.87 (0.79; 0.99)], but no longer for prediabetes risk [HR=0.93 (0.85; 1.03)]. In conclusion, a more plant-based and less animal-based diet may lower risk of insulin resistance, prediabetes and T2D. These findings strengthen recent dietary recommendations to adopt a more plant-based diet.Clinical Trial Registry number and website NTR6831, http://www.trialregister.nl/trialreg/admin/rctview.asp?TC=6831.
Plant-based Dietary Patterns in the Control of Obesity and Cardiovascular Risk; Obesity and cardiovascular disease are uncommon in people consuming plant-based diets. In contrast, overweight and obesity are surging in US children and adults, increasing their risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Plant-based diets are primarily comprised of whole plant foods that are rich in fiber and several beneficial phytochemicals and low to moderate in fat. Plant-based dietary patterns have been shown to reduce body weight and cardiovascular risk factors in adults, children, and adolescents. Well-planned plant-based diets are nutritionally adequate, well-accepted, and sustainable for the long term and represent an effective strategy in the control of obesity and cardiovascular disease risk.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: A Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study; Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: a processed-meat and cheese (M-meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V-meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon-like peptide -1 (GLP-1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated-measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP-1 increased after the V-meal in T2D (by 30.5%; 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%; 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%; p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V-meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%; p < 0.001); by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%; p = 0.03); and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%; p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V-meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%; 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%; p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V-meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%; p = 0.004); by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%; p < 0.001); and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%; p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant-based meal with tofu when compared with an energy- and macronutrient-matched processed-meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men.
Effectiveness of plant-based diets in promoting well-being in the management of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review; Diet interventions have suggested an association between plant-based diets and improvements in psychological well-being, quality of life and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) control in populations with diabetes. The aims of this review are to systematically analyze the available literature on plant-based diet interventions targeting diabetes in adults and to clearly define the benefits on well-being of such interventions. This is a systematic review of controlled trials. A computerized systematic literature search was conducted in the following electronic databases: Allied and Complementary Medicine, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, E-Journals, Excerpta Medica Database, MEDLINE, Health Management Information Consortium, PsycARTICLES, PsycINFO, PubMed, SocINDEX and Web of Science. The search strategy retrieved 1240 articles, of which 11 met the inclusion criteria (n=433; mean sample age 54.8 years). Plant-based diets were associated with significant improvement in emotional well-being, physical well-being, depression, quality of life, general health, HbA1c levels, weight, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, compared with several diabetic associations' official guidelines and other comparator diets. Plant-based diets can significantly improve psychological health, quality of life, HbA1c levels and weight and therefore the management of diabetes.
Awareness and Perception of Plant-Based Diets for the Treatment and Management of Type 2 Diabetes in a Community Education Clinic: A Pilot Study; Objective. To assess awareness, barriers, and promoters of plant-based diet use for management of type 2 diabetes (T2D) for the development of an appropriate educational program. Design. Cross-sectional study of patients and healthcare providers. Setting. Regional Diabetes Education Centre in ON, Canada. Participants.n = 98 patients attending the Diabetes Education Centre and. n = 25 healthcare providers. Variables Measures. Patient questionnaires addressed demographics, health history, and eating patterns, as well as current knowledge, confidence levels, barriers to, promoters of, and interests in plant-based diets. Staff questionnaires addressed attitudes and current practice with respect to plant-based diets. Analysis. Mean values, frequency counts, and logistic regression (alpha = 0.05). Results. Few respondents (9%) currently followed a plant-based diet, but 66% indicated willingness to follow one for 3 weeks. Family eating preferences andmeal planning skills were common barriers to diet change. 72% of healthcare providers reported knowledge of plant-based diets for diabetesmanagement but lowlevels of practice. Conclusions and Implications. Patient awareness of the benefits of a plant-based diet for the management of diabetes remains suboptimal and may be influenced by perception of diabetes educators and clinicians. Given the reported willingness to try (but low current use of) plant-based diets, educational interventions targeting patient and provider level knowledge are warranted.
Plant-based dietary approach to stage 3 chronic kidney disease with hyperphosphataemia; A 69-year-old man with type 2 diabetes, hypertension and stage 3 chronic kidney disease (CKD), hyperphosphataemia and borderline hyperkalaemia presented to an office visit interested in changing his diet to improve his medical conditions. He adopted a strict whole-foods, plant-based diet, without calorie or portion restriction or mandated exercise, and rapidly reduced his insulin requirements by >50%, and subsequently saw improvements in weight, blood pressure and cholesterol. His estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) increased from 45 to 74mL/min after 4.5 months on the diet and his microalbumin/creatinine ratio decreased from 414.3 to 26.8mg/g. His phosphorus level returned to the normal range. For individuals with CKD, especially those with obesity, hypertension, or diabetes, a strict, ad libitum whole-food, plant-based diet may confer significant benefit, although one must consider potential limitations of a creatinine-based GFR equation in the face of significant weight loss.
A Whole-Food Plant-Based Diet Reversed Angina without Medications or Procedures; A 60-year-oldman presented with typical angina and had a positive stress test. He declined both drug therapy and invasive testing. Instead, he chose to adopt a whole-food plant-based diet, which consisted primarily of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, potatoes, beans, legumes, and nuts. His symptoms improved rapidly, as well as his weight, blood pressure, and cholesterol levels. Plant-based diets have been associated with improved plasma lipids, diabetes control, coronary artery disease and with a reduction inmortality. Adoption of this form of lifestyle therapy should be among the first recommendations for patients with atherosclerosis.
Plant-Based Diets in the Reduction of Body Fat: Physiological Effects and Biochemical Insights; Obesity affects over one-third of Americans and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes. Interventional trials have consistently demonstrated that consumption of plant-based diets reduces body fat in overweight and obese subjects, even when controlling for energy intake. Nonetheless, the mechanisms underlying this effect have not been well-defined. This review discusses six major dietary mechanisms that may lead to reduced body fat. These include (1) reduced caloric density, (2) improved gut microbiota symbiosis, (3) increased insulin sensitivity, (4) reduced trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO), (5) activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), and (6) over-expression of mitochondrial uncoupling proteins. Collectively, these factors improve satiety and increase energy expenditure leading to reduced body weight.
Barriers and facilitators towards adopting a more plant-based diet in a sample of Danish consumers; Replacement of animal-based products with plant-based products promotes environmental sustainability and reduces the risk of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. Consumers are aware of recommendations towards healthier and more sustainable food consumption, but often they do not follow them. The aim of this study was to examine barriers and facilitators towards adopting a more plant-based diet among Danish consumers. Data was collected through an online survey during October 2017. The topics in the questionnaire was based on recent findings from published literature on the subject. A total of 462 consumers were segmented based on their frequency intake of animal-based products. Segments were characterized by their attitudes towards plant-based diets using a logistic regression. Four segments were identified: Low All (n = 220), High All (n = 70), High Meat (n = 48), and High Dairy (n = 124). Negative attitudes about protein content, satiety effect, taste, environmental and health effects were identified as barriers towards adopting a more plant-based diet, for segments with a high intake of either meat or all animal products. The segment with a low intake of animal products held positive attitudes towards the ease of cooking, taste, protein content, satiety effect, and availability of plant-based food, indicating that these attitudes serve as facilitators towards adopting a more plant-based diet The results can be used to inform industry and targeted health campaigns towards promoting plant-based diets in Denmark and similar countries.
The Role of Plant-Based Nutrition in Preventing Heart Disease; Although there has been a sizeable decrease in death rates from cardiovascular disease over the last 10 years, it remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in both developed and undeveloped countries around the world. Results from studies conducted in the last few decades have associated plant-based diets with protection against cardiovascular disease as well as many other chronic disease conditions. Vegetarians have been shown to have decreased risks and prevalence of cardio-metabolic conditions, some cancers, as well as total mortality when compared to those who eat meat. Additionally, vegan diets have been shown to offer further protection against obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular mortality. To date, this data has primarily come from large prospective cohort studies. Thus, randomized controlled trials are desired to build on and confirm previous findings in order to make better recommendations for nutritional interventions in the prevention, management, and treatment of cardiovascular disease.
Plant-Based Dietary Patterns and Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in US Men and Women: Results from Three Prospective Cohort Studies; Background Plant-based diets have been recommended to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, not all plant foods are necessarily beneficial. We examined the association of an overall plant-based diet and hypothesized healthful and unhealthful versions of a plant-based diet with T2D incidence in three prospective cohort studies in the US. Methods and Findings We included 69,949 women from the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2012), 90,239 women from the Nurses' Health Study 2 (1991-2011), and 40,539 men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (1986-2010), free of chronic diseases at baseline. Dietary data were collected every 2-4 y using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Using these data, we created an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), where plant foods received positive scores, while animal foods (animal fats, dairy, eggs, fish/seafood, poultry/red meat, miscellaneous animal-based foods) received reverse scores. We also created a healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI), where healthy plant foods (whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vegetable oils, tea/coffee) received positive scores, while less healthy plant foods (fruit juices, sweetened beverages, refined grains, potatoes, sweets/desserts) and animal foods received reverse scores. Lastly, we created an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI) by assigning positive scores to less healthy plant foods and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. We documented 16,162 incident T2D cases during 4,102,369 person-years of follow-up. In pooled multivariable-adjusted analysis, both PDI and hPDI were inversely associated with T2D (PDI: hazard ratio [HR] for extreme deciles 0.51, 95% CI 0.47-0.55, p trend < 0.001; hPDI: HR for extreme deciles 0.55, 95% CI 0.51-0.59, p trend < 0.001). The association of T2D with PDI was considerably attenuated when we additionally adjusted for body mass index (BMI) categories (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.74-0.87, p trend < 0.001), while that with hPDI remained largely unchanged (HR 0.66, 95% CI 0.61-0.72, p trend < 0.001). uPDI was positively associated with T2D even after BMI adjustment (HR for extreme deciles 1.16, 95% CI 1.08-1.25, p trend < 0.001). Limitations of the study include self-reported diet assessment, with the possibility of measurement error, and the potential for residual or unmeasured confounding given the observational nature of the study design. Conclusions Our study suggests that plant-based diets, especially when rich in high-quality plant foods, are associated with substantially lower risk of developing T2D. This supports current recommendations to shift to diets rich in healthy plant foods, with lower intake of less healthy plant and animal foods.
A Plant-Based Dietary Intervention Improves Beta-Cell Function and Insulin Resistance in Overweight Adults: A 16-Week Randomized Clinical Trial; The aim of this study was to test the effect of a plant-based dietary intervention on beta-cell function in overweight adults with no history of diabetes. Participants (n = 75) were randomized to follow a low-fat plant-based diet (n = 38) or to make no diet changes (n = 37) for 16 weeks. At baseline and 16 weeks, beta-cell function was quantified with a mathematical model. Using a standard meal test, insulin secretory rate was calculated by C-peptide deconvolution. The Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) index was used to assess insulin resistance while fasting. A marked increase in meal-stimulated insulin secretion was observed in the intervention group compared with controls (interaction between group and time, Gxt, p < 0.001). HOMA-IR index fell significantly (p < 0.001) in the intervention group (treatment effect -1.0 (95% CI, -1.2 to -0.8); Gxt, p = 0.004). Changes in HOMA-IR correlated positively with changes in body mass index (BMI) and visceral fat volume (r = 0.34; p = 0.009 and r = 0.42; p = 0.001, respectively). The latter remained significant after adjustment for changes in BMI (r = 0.41; p = 0.002). Changes in glucose-induced insulin secretion correlated negatively with BMI changes (r = -0.25; p = 0.04), but not with changes in visceral fat. Beta-cell function and insulin sensitivity were significantly improved through a low-fat plant-based diet in overweight adults.
A plant-based diet in overweight individuals in a 16-week randomized clinical trial: metabolic benefits of plant protein; Background and objectives: A plant-based diet is an effective strategy in the treatment of obesity. In this 16-week randomized clinical trial, we tested the effect of a plant-based diet on body composition and insulin resistance. As a part of this trial, we investigated the role of plant protein on these outcomes. Subjects and methods: Overweight participants (n = 75) were randomized to follow a plant-based (n = 38) or a control diet (n = 37). Dual X-ray Absorptiometry assessed body composition, Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMAIR) assessed insulin resistance, and a linear regression model was used to test the relationship between protein intake, body composition, and insulin resistance. Results: The plant-based vegan diet proved to be superior to the control diet in improving body weight, fat mass, and insulin resistance markers. Only the vegan group showed significant reductions in body weight (treatment effect -6.5 [95% CI -8.9 to -4.1] kg; Gxt, p < 0.001), fat mass (treatment effect -4.3 [95% CI -5.4 to -3.2] kg; Gxt, p < 0.001), and HOMA-IR (treatment effect -1.0 [95% CI -1.2 to -0.8]; Gxt, p = 0.004). The decrease in fat mass was associated with an increased intake of plant protein and decreased intake of animal protein (r = -0.30, p = 0.011; and r = +0.39, p = 0.001, respectively). In particular, decreased % leucine intake was associated with a decrease in fat mass (r = +0.40;p < 0.001), in both unadjusted and adjusted models for changes in BMI and energy intake. In addition, decreased % histidine intake was associated with a decrease in insulin resistance (r = +0.38; p = 0.003), also independent of changes in BMI and energy intake. Conclusions: These findings provide evidence that plant protein, as a part of a plant-based diet, and the resulting limitation of leucine and histidine intake are associated with improvements in body composition and reductions in both body weight and insulin resistance.
Vegetarian Diets and the Risk of Diabetes; Purpose of Review Worldwide, diabetes has increased steadily and in recent years, drastically. The majority of diabetes cases are type 2 (T2DM), caused by modifiable risk factors such as diet. Vegetarian diets have been studied over the past few decades for their preventative and therapeutic effects on diabetes and may be more beneficial than medication for diabetes management. Recent Findings A vegetarian diet characterized by whole plant foods is most beneficial for diabetes prevention and management. Summary Vegetarian diets are inversely associated with risk of developing diabetes independent of the positive association of meat consumption with diabetes development. Vegetarian diets range from vegan (no animal products), lacto-ovo-vegetarian (no animal meat, but consumes milk and eggs), pesco-vegetarian (consumes fish), and semi-vegetarian (occasional meat consumption). There has been an observed difference in the extent of preventative and therapeutic effects of these different types of diets. The most important aspect of any of these types of diets is emphasizing whole grains, fruits and vegetables, legumes, and nuts and reducing saturated and trans fats.
Randomization to plant-based dietary approaches leads to larger short-term improvements in Dietary Inflammatory Index scores and macronutrient intake compared with diets that contain meat; Studies have examined nutrient differences among people following different plant-based diets. However, all of these studies have been observational. The aim of the present study was to examine differences in nutrient intake and Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) scores among overweight and obese (body mass index 25.0-49.9 kg/m(2)) adults randomized to receive dietary instruction on a vegan (n = 12), vegetarian (n = 13), pescovegetarian (n = 13), semivegetarian (n = 13), or omnivorous (n = 12) diet during a 6-month randomized controlled trial. Nutrient intake, nutrient adequacy, and DII score were assessed via two 24-hour dietary recalls (Automated Self-Administered 24-Hour Dietary Recall) at baseline and at 2 and 6 months. Differences in nutrient intake and the DII were examined using general linear models with follow-up tests at each time point. We hypothesized that individuals randomized to the vegan diet would have lower DII scores and greater improvements in fiber, carbohydrate, fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol at both 2 and 6 months as compared with the other 4 diets. Participants randomized to the vegan diet had significantly greater changes in most macronutrients at both time points, including fat and saturated fat, as well as cholesterol and, at 2 months, fiber, as compared with most of the other diet groups (Ps < .05). Vegan, vegetarian, and pescovegetarian participants all saw significant improvements in the DII score as compared with semivegetarian participants at 2 months (Ps < .05) with no differences at 6 months. Given the greater impact on macronutrients and the DII during the short term, finding ways to provide support for adoption and maintenance of plant-based dietary approaches, such as vegan and vegetarian diets, should be given consideration. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The Effects of Vegetarian and Vegan Diet during Pregnancy on the Health of Mothers and Offspring; Vegetarian and vegan diets have increased worldwide in the last decades, according to the knowledge that they might prevent coronary heart disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes. Althought plant-based diets are at risk of nutritional deficiencies such as proteins, iron, vitamin D, calcium, iodine, omega-3, and vitamin B12, the available evidence shows that well planned vegetarian and vegan diets may be considered safe during pregnancy and lactation, but they require a strong awareness for a balanced intake of key nutrients. A review of the scientific literature in this field was performed, focusing specifically on observational studies in humans, in order to investigate protective effects elicited by maternal diets enriched in plant-derived foods and possible unfavorable outcomes related to micronutrients deficiencies and their impact on fetal development. A design of pregestational nutrition intervention is required in order to avoid maternal undernutrition and consequent impaired fetal growth.
Plant-Based Diets Are Associated With a Lower Risk of Incident Cardiovascular Disease, Cardiovascular Disease Mortality, and All-Cause Mortality in a General Population of Middle-Aged Adults; Background-Previous studies have documented the cardiometabolic health benefits of plant-based diets; however, these studies were conducted in selected study populations that had narrow generalizability. Methods and Results-We used data from a community-based cohort of middle-aged adults (n = 12 168) in the ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study who were followed up from 1987 through 2016. Participant's diet was classified using 4 diet indexes. In the overall plant-based diet index and provegetarian diet index, higher intakes of all or selected plant foods received higher scores; in the healthy plant-based diet index, higher intakes of only the healthy plant foods received higher scores; in the less healthy plant-based diet index, higher intakes of only the less healthy plant foods received higher scores. In all indexes, higher intakes of animal foods received lower scores. Results from Cox proportional hazards models showed that participants in the highest versus lowest quintile for adherence to overall plant-based diet index or provegetarian diet had a 16%, 31% to 32%, and 18% to 25% lower risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular disease mortality, and all-cause mortality, respectively, after adjusting for important confounders (all P<0.05 for trend). Higher adherence to a healthy plant-based diet index was associated with a 19% and 11% lower risk of cardiovascular disease mortality and all-cause mortality, respectively, but not incident cardiovascular disease (P<0.05 for trend). No associations were observed between the less healthy plant-based diet index and the outcomes. Conclusions-Diets higher in plant foods and lower in animal foods were associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in a general population.
Preclinical and clinical results regarding the effects of a plant-based antidiabetic formulation versus well established antidiabetic molecules; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a complex syndrome with debilitating long-term complications, comprising alterations of carbohydrate, protein and lipid metabolisms, along increased oxidative stress and chronic low-grade inflammation. Diet management and plant-based formulations can improve the metabolic status of patients, being used as adjuvants of classic antidiabetic therapy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the impact of a plant-based antidiabetic formulation (PBAF), containing Vaccinium myrtillus, Ribes nigrum, Rosa canina and Capsicum annuum, on the increased oxidative burden found in diabetes mellitus, comparing it with the effects of metformin and gliclazide. Firstly, we characterized the individual plant-derived components of this formulation and also assessed their in vitro radical scavenging capacity. We devised a preclinical study protocol to examine the impact of the PBAF, along metformin and gliclazide, on tissue histology as well as on the redox status of tissue, mitochondria, serum and serum lipoproteins of alloxan-induced diabetic Wistar rats. Subsequently, we assessed their long-term impact on the redox status of serum and isolated serum lipoproteins of type 2 DM (T2DM) patients, taking into consideration their cardiometabolic profile. In the preclinical stage, we found that PBAF was able to enhance total serum antioxidant defense, while metformin yielded the best results regarding the advanced glycation and protein/lipid oxidation of serum and of serum lipoproteins. The latter also improved overall serum redox status and HDL redox function. Also, antidiabetic treatment seemed to increase mitochondrial redox activity, without overturning overall tissue redox balance. Histologically, liver and brain tissues of treated diabetic rats were fairly similar to those of non-diabetic rats. In T2DM patients, the most striking results involved the effects on serum lipoproteins. The tested PBAF exerted protective antioxidant effects on low-density and, especially, on high density lipoproteins. We conclude that this formulation might constitute a good addition to the well-established pharmacological approach of DM, contributing to the reduction of overall oxidative burden.
Usefulness of Vegetarian and Vegan Diets for Treating Type 2 Diabetes; Significant benefits for diabetes prevention and management have been observed with vegetarian and especially vegan diets. This article reviews observational studies and intervention trials on such diets, and discusses their efficacy, nutritional adequacy, acceptability, and sustainability. Research to date has demonstrated that a low-fat, plant-based nutritional approach improves control of weight, glycemia, and cardiovascular risk. These studies have also shown that carefully planned vegan diets can be more nutritious than diets based on more conventional diet guidelines, with an acceptability that is comparable with that of other therapeutic regimens. Current intervention guidelines from professional organizations offer support for this approach. Vegetarian and vegan diets present potential advantages in managing type 2 diabetes that merit the attention of individuals with diabetes and their caregivers.
Retrospective Evaluation of an Online Diabetes Health Coaching Program: A Pilot Study; An estimated one third of American adults have prediabetes; over 30 million have type 2 diabetes mellitus. Health and wellness coaching is an emerging tool for preventing and treating chronic disease. Mastering Diabetes (MD) promotes a low-fat, plant-based, whole-food diet, utilizing online education, day-to-day accountability and support, and video conferencing. This pilot study provides a retrospective view of the effectiveness of MD to treat diabetes. Current and former clients of MD were invited to participate in a survey. On completion of the online consent, subjects were asked a series of questions in a REDCap-based survey: age, gender, enrollment date in MD, changes in weight, HbA1c, medication use, overall health, and current level of adherence to achieved changes. Overall, 253 (8.9%) participants responded to the survey; 80.6% were females, mean age was 56 years. Most of those responding (78.4%, P < .001) reported weight loss; 68.8% (P < .001) reported decreased HbA1c; 52.4% reported decreased medication use; 86.8% reported continued health improvement since having participated in MD; and 83.5% found the online program very helpful. This study demonstrated improvement in HbA1c and weight in participants in an online health and wellness coaching. Study limitations prevent drawing generalizable conclusions; further prospective evaluation is needed.
In contrast to Western diet, a plant-based, high-fat, low-sugar diet does not exacerbate retinal endothelial injury in streptozotocin-induced diabetes; Controversy remains about how diet affects the vascular endothelial dysfunction associated with disordered insulin-glucose homeostasis. It is postulated that the type and level of certain macronutrients contribute to endothelial dysfunction in vascular diabetes complications. However, it is not well understood how specific macronutrients affect the molecular inflammatory response under conditions of hyperglycemia. Here, we examined retinal microvascular endothelial injury in streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic rats fed a laboratory Western diet (WD). WD, characterized by its high content of saturated fat, cholesterol, and sugar, significantly increased retinal leukocyte accumulation and endothelial injury in the STZ-diabetic rats. Suppression of endothelial NF-kappa B signaling in the STZ model reduced the WD-induced increase in leukocyte accumulation. To isolate the effect of dietary fat, we generated high-fat diets with varying fatty acid balance and type. These diets contained moderate amounts of carbohydrates but no sugar. We found that neither high levels of saturated or unsaturated fats per se increased retinal leukocyte accumulation and endothelial injury in the STZ-diabetic rat model but that the combination of high levels of dietary cholesterol with specific saturated fatty acids that are abundant in WD exacerbated leukocyte accumulation and endothelial injury in the retinas of STZ-diabetic rats.-Barakat, A., Nakao, S., Zandi, S., Sun, D., Schmidt-Ullrich, R., Hayes, K. C., Hafezi-Moghadam, A. In contrast to Western diet, a plant-based, high-fat, low-sugar diet does not exacerbate retinal endothelial injury in streptozotocin-induced diabetes.
Plant-Based Diet, Cholesterol, and Risk of Gallstone Disease: A Prospective Study; Vegetarian diets may lower symptomatic gallstone disease via cholesterol lowering. This study aimed to examine the risk of symptomatic gallstone disease (GSD) in Taiwanese vegetarians vs. nonvegetarians in a prospective cohort and to explore if this association is related to cholesterol concentration. We prospectively followed 4839 participants, and in the 29,295 person-years of follow-up, 104 new incident GSD cases were confirmed. Diet was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire. Symptomatic GSD was ascertained through linkage to the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. Blood cholesterol profiles were measured at recruitment. Cox regression was applied to assess the effect of diet on symptomatic GSD, adjusting for age, education, smoking, alcohol, physical activities, diabetes, kidney diseases, body mass index, lipid-lowering medication, and hypercholesterolemia. Vegetarian diet was associated with a decreased risk of symptomatic GSD compared with nonvegetarian diet in women (hazard ratio [HR], 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.28-0.96) but not in men. In women, nonvegetarians with hypercholesterolemia had 3.8 times the risk of GSD compared with vegetarians with normal cholesterol (HR, 3.81, 95% CI, 1.61-9.01). A vegetarian diet may therefore protect against GSD independent of baseline hypercholesterolemia. A nonvegetarian diet and hypercholesterolemia may have an additive effect in increasing GSD risk in women.
Plant-based sterols and stanols in health & disease: "Consequences of human development in a plant-based environment?"; Dietary plant sterols and stanols as present in our diet and in functional foods are well-known for their inhibitory effects on intestinal cholesterol absorption, which translates into lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. However, emerging evidence suggests that plant sterols and stanols have numerous additional health effects, which are largely unnoticed in the current scientific literature. Therefore, in this review we pose the intriguing question "What would have occurred if plant sterols and stanols had been discovered and embraced by disciplines such as immunology, hepatology, pulmonology or gastroenterology before being positioned as cholesterol-lowering molecules?" What would then have been the main benefits and fields of application of plant sterols and stanols today? We here discuss potential effects ranging from its presence and function intrauterine and in breast milk towards a potential role in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), cardiovascular disease (CVD), inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) and allergic asthma. Interestingly, effects clearly depend on the route of entrance as observed in intestinal-failure associated liver disease (IFALD) during parenteral nutrition regimens. It is only until recently that effects beyond lowering of cholesterol concentrations are being explored systematically. Thus, there is a clear need to understand the full health effects of plant sterols and stanols.
Plasma Adiponectin Concentrations Are Associated with Body Composition and Plant-Based Dietary Factors in Female Twins; Circulating adiponectin is emerging as an important link between obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the spectrum of lifestyle factors that modulate the adiponectin concentration remains to be elucidated, particularly among women. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 877 female twin pairs from the TwinsUK adult twin registry. Using a co-twin design, we examined dietary and body composition influences on adiponectin by conducting matched, within pair analyses to eliminate confounding. Following multivariable adjustment within-twin pairs, significant influences on adiponectin (log-transformed, percent change per SD of the dietary/body composition variable) were observed for nonstarch polysaccharides (3.25%; 95% Cl: 0.06, 6.54; P < 0.05) and magnesium intake (3.80%; 95%Cl: 0.17, 7.57; P < 0.05), with a trend toward an association for fruit and vegetable (F&V) intakes (2.55%; 95% Cl: -0.26, 5.45; P = 0.08). These modest positive associations cannot be explained by confounding through other lifestyle factors shared by the twins. A significant relationship between adiponectin and 3 derived dietary patterns (F&V, dieting, traditional English), carbohydrate, protein, trans fat, and alcohol intake was also observed. Strong inverse associations with adiponectin were observed for BMI (-10.72%; 95% Cl: - 13.78, -7.55), total (-6.89%: 95% Cl: -10.34, -3.30; P < 0.05), and central fat mass (-12.50%; 95% Cl: 15.82, -9.05; P < 0.05); these relationships were significant both when twins were analyzed as individuals and when characteristics were contrasted within-twin pairs, suggesting a direct effect. We observed modest associations between dietary factors and adiponectin in female twins, independent of adiposity, and report strong inverse associations with body composition. These data reinforce the importance of weight maintenance and increasing consumption of diets rich in plant-based foods to prevent CVD and type 2 diabetes. J.Nutr. 139:353-358, 2009.
The BROAD study: A randomised controlled trial using a whole food plant-based diet in the community for obesity, ischaemic heart disease or diabetes; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: There is little randomised evidence using a whole food plant-based (WFPB) diet as intervention for elevated body mass index (BMI) or dyslipidaemia. We investigated the effectiveness of a community-based dietary programme. Primary end points: BMI and cholesterol at 6 months (subsequently extended). SUBJECTS: Ages 35-70, from one general practice in Gisborne, New Zealand. Diagnosed with obesity or overweight and at least one of type 2 diabetes, ischaemic heart disease, hypertension or hypercholesterolaemia. Of 65 subjects randomised (control n = 32, intervention n = 33), 49 (75.4%) completed the study to 6 months. Twenty-three (70%) intervention participants were followed up at 12 months. METHODS: All participants received normal care. Intervention participants attended facilitated meetings twice-weekly for 12 weeks, and followed a non-energy-restricted WFPB diet with vitamin B-12 supplementation. RESULTS: At 6 months, mean BMI reduction was greater with the WFPB diet compared with normal care (4.4 vs 0.4, difference: 3.9 kg m(-2) (95% confidence interval (CI) +/- 1), P<0.0001). Mean cholesterol reduction was greater with the WFPB diet, but the difference was not significant compared with normal care (0.71 vs 0.26, difference: 0.45 mmol l(-1) (95% CI +/- 0.54), P = 0.1), unless dropouts were excluded (difference: 0.56 mmol l(-1) (95% CI +/- 0.54), P = 0.05). Twelve-month mean reductions for the WFPB diet group were 4.2 (+/- 0.8) kg m(-2) BMI points and 0.55 (+/- 0.54, P = 0.05) mmol l(-1) total cholesterol. No serious harms were reported. CONCLUSIONS: This programme led to significant improvements in BMI, cholesterol and other risk factors. To the best of our knowledge, this research has achieved greater weight loss at 6 and 12 months than any other trial that does not limit energy intake or mandate regular exercise.
An Intensive Lifestyle Intervention to Treat Type 2 Diabetes in the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial; Background: The Republic of the Marshall Islands has the highest prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in the world, with the country's rapid rise of T2D attributed to its reliance on imported and refined foods laden with salt, sugar, and fat. Asmuch as lifestyle factors can increase the risk of T2D, they can also reverse or treat the disease, with multiple studies demonstrating that plant-based diets and/ormoderate exercise improve glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D patients. Objective: We therefore tested the hypothesis that a community-based, intensive, plant-rich lifestyle intervention with exercise is more effective for treating and managing T2D in the Republic of the Marshall Islands than the standard of diabetes care. Methods: Building on a successful lifestyle program used at the Guam Seventh-day Adventist Clinic, we conducted a randomized controlled trial to test the effectiveness of an intensive lifestyle intervention involving a plant-rich diet and moderate exercise or the standard of care in T2D patients for 24 weeks. In this manuscript, we describe the clinical trial protocol, including the rationale, design, and methods of the clinical trial and the lifestyle program. The lifestyle intervention included a step-wise, intensive 12-week program of counseling and instruction on healthy eating, exercise, and stress management. The prescribed diet focused on high-fiber, whole plant foods, with foods grouped into a four-tiered system. The lifestyle intervention also involved hands-on cooking classes, meals prepared for participants, and group exercise classes-all tailored to be culturally appropriate. The study's main endpoints were glycemic control and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Discussion: The present study is the first randomized clinical trial conducted in the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the first lifestyle intervention trial conducted in Micronesia. The results of this study will help guide future medical care for indigenous populations in the Pacific Islands and will also shed light on how to effectively design and deliver intensive lifestyle interventions to treat and manage diabetes.
Diet Quality Indices and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus The Singapore Chinese Health Study; We aimed to test whether predefined dietary patterns that are inversely related to risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in Western populations were similarly associated with lower T2D risk in an Asian population. We included 45,411 middle-aged and older participants (ages 45-74 years) in the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease at baseline (1993-1998). Participants were followed up for T2D diagnosis through 2010. Dietary information was collected using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Dietary pattern scores were calculated for the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI-2010), the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, an overall plant-based diet index, and a healthful plant-based diet index. During amedian of 11.1 years of follow-up, 5,207 incident cases of T2D occurred. After adjustment for multiple potential confounders, the 5 dietary pattern scores were significantly associated with 16% (for aMED) to 29% (for DASH) lower risks of T2D when comparing the highest score quintiles with the lowest (all P-for-trend values < 0.001). These associations did not vary substantially by baseline age, sex, body mass index, or hypertension status but were limited to nonsmokers (aMED: P for interaction < 0.001; AHEI-2010: P for interaction = 0.03). Adherence to a high-quality diet, as reflected by several predefined diet quality indices derived in Western populations, was significantly associated with lower T2D risk in an Asian population.
Replacing meat with alternative plant-based products (RE-MAPs): protocol for a randomised controlled trial of a behavioural intervention to reduce meat consumption; Introduction Reducing meat consumption could contribute towards preventing some chronic conditions and protecting the natural environment. This study will examine the effectiveness of a behavioural intervention to reduce meat consumption. Methods and analyses Replacing meat with alternative plant-based product is a randomised controlled trial comparing a behavioural intervention to reduce meat consumption with a no intervention control condition. Eligible volunteers will be recruited from the general public through advertisement and randomised in a 1: 1 ratio to receive no intervention or a 4-week intervention comprising the provision of free plant-based meat alternatives, written information on the health and environmental benefits of eating less meat, success stories of people who reduced their meat consumption and recipes. The primary outcome is the change in meat consumption at 4 weeks (T1) from baseline. Secondary and exploratory outcomes include changes in meat consumption at 8 weeks (T2) from baseline and changes from the baseline to both follow-up in other aspects of participants diet, putative psychosocial determinants of eating a low meat diet and of using meat substitutes and biomarkers of health risk, including blood lipid profiles, blood pressure, weight and body composition. Linear models will be employed to explore whether the changes in each of the aforementioned outcomes differ significantly between the control and intervention group. Qualitative interviews on a subsample of participants receiving the intervention will evaluate their experiences of the intervention and help to identify the mechanisms through which the intervention reduced meat consumption or the barriers preventing the intervention to aid this dietary transition. Ethics and dissemination The trial has been granted ethical approval by the Medical Sciences Interdivisional Research Ethics Committee (IDREC) of the University of Oxford (Ref: R54329/RE001). All results originating from this study will be submitted for publication in scientific journals and presented at meetings and through the media.
Advancing Health Equity With Lifestyle Medicine; The Optimal Health and Wellness Clinic of Morehouse Healthcare seeks to advance health equity by providing lifestyle medicine services to its predominantly African American patient population. Health equity means eliminating health disparities by providing services that meet the needs of the population served. African Americans have a higher burden of cardiovascular disease and diabetes than other American ethnic groups. Recent evidence indicates that eating a plant-based diet may eliminate disparities in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. The clinic provides lifestyle intervention services such as stress and sleep management, but the focus is on helping patients to adopt and maintain a plant-based diet. A range of encounter options that include shared medical appointments and cooking classes are offered. The clinic is an example of a lifestyle medicine specialty practice within the multispecialty practice arm of a medical school. The shared mission to promote health equity provides substantial resources to the clinic and allows for collaborative efforts to improve the health of the community.
Optimal Dietary Strategies for Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Diabetes: Evidence and Recommendations; Purpose of Review This review presents the current available evidence of the effects of several dietary patterns on atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Recent Findings Evidence demonstrates improvements in cardiovascular risk factors with some dietary patterns in the general population. However, evidence is limited for glycemic control and cardiovascular benefit in patients with T2D for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension and plant-based dietary patterns. Evidence suggests that carbohydrate-restricted dietary patterns improve glycemic control and decrease the use of anti-hyperglycemic medications. The Mediterranean dietary pattern has the most evidence for glycemic control and decreased ASCVD risk in patients with T2D. There is no evidence on ASCVD outcomes in patients with T2D for any other dietary pattern. Summary The Mediterranean dietary pattern has the most evidence for cardiovascular benefit in patients with T2D. Future research should examine the effect of dietary patterns on ASCVD outcomes.
Dietary guidance for pulses: the challenge and opportunity to be part of both the vegetable and protein food groups; Pulses are a dry, edible variety of beans, peas, and lentils that have been consumed for 10,000 years. Pulses are rich in plant-based protein and fiber, as well as micronutrients such as iron and potassium. The satiating effect of both fiber and protein assists in managing weight and combating obesity. The high fiber content and low glycemic index of pulses aid people with diabetes in maintaining blood glucose and insulin levels. Pulse consumption may improve serum lipid levels to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Pulses developed as a member of both the protein and vegetable food groups as a result of its high content of plant-based protein and dietary fiber. The last two revisions of the Dietary Guidelines saw the transformation from the MyPyramid "meat and beans group" to the MyPlate "protein foods group," a nutrient name rather than a food source. Research suggests that consumers better identify with food source examples rather than nutrient names. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines also came with a new area: sustainable diets. Encouraging the consumption of sustainable food sources, like pulses, is imperative to ensuring a secure, healthy food supply for the U.S. population over time and for future generations.
Vegetarian Diets and Diabetes; A large body of evidence suggests that vegetarian and plant-based diets provide exceptional health benefits, including a reduced risk of obesity, diabetes, heart disease and some types of cancer, and increased longevity. Vegetarian diets are typically lower in fat, particularly saturated fat, and higher in dietary fiber. They are also likely to include more whole grains, legumes, nuts, and soy protein, which together provide micro-nutrients and protective factors at higher levels than most Western diets. In observational studies, a vegetarian or vegan diet is associated with reduced risk of development of type 2 diabetes and lower risk of complications in those with existing diabetes. Although it is often difficult to separate vegetarianism from other healthy lifestyle behaviors, this eating pattern and the absence of red meat and processed meat products may provide particular benefits in the management of diabetes and prediabetes. This article critically reviews the scientific evidence for the role of vegetarian diets in the prevention and management of diabetes.
Impacts of Plant-Based Foods in Ancestral Hominin Diets on the Metabolism and Function of Gut Microbiota <i>In Vitro</i>; Ancestral human populations had diets containing more indigestible plant material than present-day diets in industrialized countries. One hypothesis for the rise in prevalence of obesity is that physiological mechanisms for controlling appetite evolved to match a diet with plant fiber content higher than that of present-day diets. We investigated how diet affects gut microbiota and colon cells by comparing human microbial communities with those from a primate that has an extreme plant-based diet, namely, the gelada baboon, which is a grazer. The effects of potato (high starch) versus grass (high lignin and cellulose) diets on human-derived versus gelada-derived fecal communities were compared in vitro. We especially focused on the production of short-chain fatty acids, which are hypothesized to be key metabolites influencing appetite regulation pathways. The results confirmed that diet has a major effect on bacterial numbers, short-chain fatty acid production, and the release of hormones involved in appetite suppression. The potato diet yielded greater production of short-chain fatty acids and hormone release than the grass diet, even in the gelada cultures, which we had expected should be better adapted to the grass diet. The strong effects of diet on hormone release could not be explained, however, solely by short-chain fatty acid concentrations. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy found changes in additional metabolites, including betaine and isoleucine, that might play key roles in inhibiting and stimulating appetite suppression pathways. Our study results indicate that a broader array of metabolites might be involved in triggering gut hormone release in humans than previously thought. IMPORTANCE One theory for rising levels of obesity in western populations is that the body's mechanisms for controlling appetite evolved to match ancestral diets with more low-energy plant foods. We investigated this idea by comparing the effects of diet on appetite suppression pathways via the use of gut bacterial communities from humans and gelada baboons, which are modern-day primates with an extreme diet of low-energy plant food, namely, grass. We found that diet does play a major role in affecting gut bacteria and the production of a hormone that suppresses appetite but not in the direction predicted by the ancestral diet hypothesis. Also, bacterial products were correlated with hormone release that were different from those normally thought to play this role. By comparing microbiota and diets outside the natural range for modern humans, we found a relationship between diet and appetite pathways that was more complex than previously hypothesized on the basis of more-controlled studies of the effects of single compounds.
Diet components can suppress inflammation and reduce cancer risk; Epidemiology studies indicate that diet or specific dietary components can reduce the risk for cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. An underlying cause of these diseases is chronic inflammation. Dietary components that are beneficial against disease seem to have multiple mechanisms of action and many also have a common mechanism of reducing inflammation, often via the NF kappa B pathway. Thus, a plant based diet can contain many components that reduce inflammation and can reduce the risk for developing all three of these chronic diseases. We summarize dietary components that have been shown to reduce cancer risk and two studies that show that dietary walnut can reduce cancer growth and development. Part of the mechanism for the anticancer benefit of walnut was by suppressing the activation of NF kappa B. In this brief review, we focus on reduction of cancer risk by dietary components and the relationship to suppression of inflammation. However, it should be remembered that most dietary components have multiple beneficial mechanisms of action that can be additive and that suppression of chronic inflammation should reduce the risk for all three chronic diseases.
Dietary Patterns and Incident Heart Failure in US Adults Without Known Coronary Disease; BACKGROUND Dietary patterns and associations with incident heart failure (HF) are not well established in the United States. OBJECTIVES The purpose of this study was to determine associations of 5 dietary patterns with incident HF hospitalizations among U.S. adults. METHODS The REGARDS (REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke) trial is a prospective cohort of black and white adults followed from 2003 to 2007 through 2014. Inclusion criteria included completion of a food frequency questionnaire and no baseline coronary heart disease or HF. Five dietary patterns (convenience, plant-based, sweets, Southern, and alcohol/salads) were derived from principal component analysis. The primary endpoint was incident HF hospitalization. RESULTS This study included 16,068 participants (mean age 64.0 +/- 9.1 years, 58.7% women, 33.6% black participants, 34.0% residents of the stroke belt). After a median of 8.7 years of follow-up, 363 participants had incident HF hospitalizations. Compared with the lowest quartile, the highest quartile of adherence to the plant-based dietary pattern was associated with a 41% lower risk of HF in multivariable-adjusted models (hazard ratio: 0.59; 95% confidence interval: 0.41 to 0.86; p = 0.004). Highest adherence to the Southern dietary pattern was associated with a 72% higher risk of HF after adjusting for age, sex, and race and for other potential confounders (education, income, region of residence, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, and sodium intake; hazard ratio: 1.72; 95% confidence interval: 1.20 to 2.46; p = 0.005). However, the association was attenuated and no longer statistically significant after further adjusting for body mass index in kg/m(2), waist circumference, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, atrial fibrillation, and chronic kidney disease. No statistically significant associations were observed with incident HF with reduced or preserved ejection fraction hospitalizations and the dietary patterns. No associations were observed with the other 3 dietary patterns. CONCLUSIONS Adherence to a plant-based dietary pattern was inversely associated with incident HF risk, whereas the Southern dietary pattern was positively associated with incident HF risk. (C) 2019 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Dietary Patterns Emphasizing the Consumption of Plant Foods in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes: A Narrative Review; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing worldwide. This complex and multifactorial metabolic condition affects both the quality and expectancy of life in adults. Therefore, appropriate lifestyle strategies are needed in order to reduce the burden of T2D. Dietary patterns characterized by a high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, and seeds, and a minimal consumption of animal products, have been suggested as a dietary approach to prevent and control T2D and related micro- and macrovascular complications. This narrative review summarizes epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence on the role of the most widely studied dietary patterns that emphasize the consumption of plant foods [vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean, and DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diets] in the management of T2D and its complications. Furthermore, their potential underlying mechanisms are discussed. Dietary patterns emphasizing the consumption of plant foods appear to confer beneficial effects on glycemic control in different diabetic populations. Several components of these dietary patterns might confer benefits on glycemia and counterbalance the detrimental effects of animal-based foods. The limited evidence on T2D-related complications makes it difficult to draw solid conclusions.
Type 2 diabetes and the vegetarian diet; Based on what is known of the components of plant-based diets and their effects from cohort studies, there is reason to believe that vegetarian diets would have advantages in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. At present there are few data on vegetarian diets in diabetes that do not in addition have weight loss or exercise components. Nevertheless, the use of whole-grain or traditionally processed cereals and legumes has been associated with improved glycemic control in both diabetic and insulin-resistant individuals. Long-term cohort studies have indicated that whole-grain consumption reduces the risk of both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In addition, nuts (eg, almonds), viscous fibers (eg, fibers from oats and barley), soy proteins, and plant sterols, which may be part of the vegetarian diet, reduce serum lipids. In combination, these plant food components may have a very significant impact on cardiovascular disease, one of the major complications of diabetes. Furthermore, substituting soy or other vegetable proteins for animal protein may also decrease renal hyperfiltration, proteinuria, and renal acid load and in the long term reduce the risk of developing renal disease in type 2 diabetes. The vegetarian diet, therefore, contains a portfolio of natural products and food forms of benefit for both the carbohydrate and lipid abnormalities in diabetes. It is anticipated that their combined use in vegetarian diets will produce very significant metabolic advantages for the prevention and treatment of diabetes and its complications.
Antidiabetic dietary materials and animal models; The ever-increasing occurrence of diabetes worldwide demands cost-effective anti-diabetic strategies. Food based materials have great potential as efficient anti-diabetic agents. Focusing on the literatures of the recent 5 years, this review summarizes the methods, findings, and limitations of each research involving non-medicinal foods (individual and mixed) and diabetic animal models. Various types of fruits, vegetables, legumes, cereals, spices, beverages, oilseeds, and edible oils showed antidiabetic effects in different animal models. Animal feeding trials rarely had identical designs in food doses, feeding schedules, and routes of administration, as well as biochemical markers for antidiabetic evaluation. Various possible cellular and metabolic targets were speculated for the anti-hyperglycemic effects of the dietary materials, and the molecular mechanisms of action remain to be better explored. Short-term (maximum 16 weeks) antidiabetic studies have been established. Limited safety/tolerability data are available for antidiabetic dietary materials. Findings from current animal studies present a generic antidiabetic dietary pattern associated with plant-based whole foods, which agrees well with the findings of epidemiological studies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Multiple Health Benefits and Minimal Risks Associated with Vegetarian Diets; Purpose of Review Understand the current prevalence, health benefits, and health risks of vegetarian diets. Recent Findings Since the publishing of the Adventist Health Study 2 in 2013, there have been several prospective diet studies demonstrating and challenging the health benefits and risks of the vegetarian diet. Summary The definition of the vegetarian diet has become more specific over time and requires standardization for research purposes. Despite an uptrend in sales rates of plant-based foods per year, a 2018 Gallup poll showed overall stagnation of the percentage of self-reported vegetarians and vegans compared to percentages obtained 6 years prior. Compared to the Adventist Health Study, more recent vegetarian diet studies have demonstrated significant although smaller risk reductions for mortality in cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and chronic kidney disease. Recent studies have correlated certain food groups with early death or increased longevity. In addition, the vegetarian health risks of deficiencies of protein, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, vitamin B12, iron, calcium, and zinc are explored.
Dietary Practice among the Patients with End Stage Renal Disease undergoing Maintenance Haemodialysis; Introduction: Several studies on the nutritional status of chronic kidney disease patients living on haemodialysis revealed high prevalence of malnutrition (18-94%). A hospital-based study in Nepal revealed 66.7% mild to moderately malnourished and National Kidney Center reported common protein-energy malnutrition problem among haemodialysis patients. As almost all patients undergoing maintenance haemodialysis looked malnourished, this study was carried out to explore prevailing dietary knowledge and practice of the patients. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional survey of 471 patients undergoing haemodialysis from June 2015 to July in 2015 was carried out. After stratification through a systematic random sampling method, 40 (67%) patients from National Kidney Center and 20 (33%) from Bir Hospital were selected, interviewed face to face by using structured questionnaire. Ethical and institutional approval and patients' consent were obtained. Results: The level of knowledge score found to be medium and practice score was even low. Seventy percent knew about renal diet but only 36 (60%) believed in it. After having kidney disease 42 (70%) had changed their dietary practice. Surprisingly, 38 (6.3.3%) said they ate the food what the other member in their family ate. Conclusions: Considerable limited knowledge (medium) and practices (low) scores were found. Had they have taken adequate dietician's support, they might have taken right kind and right amounts of foods and benefitted in controlling potassium, phosphate and protein at the recommended level. Plant-based diet could assist in end stage renal disease in a number of ways: an edge of protection against diet cost, reduce inter-related co-morbidities or complications (hypertension and diabetes).
Bound phytophenols from ready-to-eat cereals: Comparison with other plant-based foods; Whole-grain diets are linked to reduced risk of several chronic diseases (heart disease, cancer, diabetes, metabolic syndrome) and all-cause mortality. There is increasing evidence that these benefits are associated with the gut microbiota and that release of fibre-related phenolic metabolites in the gut is a contributing factor. Additional sources of these metabolites include fruits and vegetables, but the evidence for their protective effects is less well established. With respect to the availability of bound phytophenols, ready-to-eat cereals are compared with soft fruits (considered rich in antioxidants) and other commonly consumed fruits and vegetables. The results demonstrated that when compared with an equivalent serving of fruits or vegetables, a recommended portion of whole-grain cereals deliver substantially higher amounts of bound phytophenols, which are available for metabolism in the colon. The increased amount of these phenolic metabolites may, in part, explain the evidence for the protective effects of whole-grain cereals.(C) 2013 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Vegetarian diets, low-meat diets and health: a review; Objective: To review the epidemiological evidence for vegetarian diets, low-meat dietary patterns and their association with health status in adults. Design: Published literature review focusing primarily on prospective studies and meta-analyses examining the association between vegetarian diets and health outcomes. Results: Both vegetarian diets and prudent diets allowing small amounts of red meat are associated with reduced risk of diseases, particularly CHD and type 2 diabetes. There is limited evidence of an association between vegetarian diets and cancer prevention. Evidence linking red meat intake, particularly processed meat, and increased risk of CHD, cancer and type 2 diabetes is convincing and provides indirect support for consumption of a plant-based diet. Conclusions: The health benefits of vegetarian diets are not unique. Prudent plant-based dietary patterns which also allow small intakes of red meat, fish and dairy products have demonstrated significant improvements in health status as well. At this time an optimal dietary intake for health status is unknown. Plant-based diets contain a host of food and nutrients known to have independent health benefits. While vegetarian diets have not shown any adverse effects on health, restrictive and monotonous vegetarian diets may result in nutrient deficiencies with deleterious effects on health. For this reason, appropriate advice is important to ensure a vegetarian diet is nutritionally adequate especially for vulnerable groups.
The potential contribution of dietary factors to breast cancer prevention; Breast cancer (BC), the leading cancer in women, is increasing in prevalence worldwide, concurrent with western metabolic epidemics, that is, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, and shares major risk factors with these diseases. The corresponding potential for nutritional contributions toward BC prevention is reviewed and related to critical stages in the life cycle and their implications for carcinogenic and pathometabolic trajectories. BC initiation potentially involves diet-related pro-oxidative, inflammatory, and procarcinogenic processes, that interact through combined lipid/fatty acid peroxidation, estrogen metabolism, and related DNA-adduct/depurination/mutation formation. The pathometabolic trajectory is affected by high estrogen, insulin, and growth factor cascades and resultant accelerated proliferation/progression. Anthropometric risk factors - high birth weight, adult tallness, adiposity/BMI, and weight gain - are often reflective of these trends. A sex-based nutritional approach targets women's specific risk in western obesogenic environments, associated with increasing fatness, estrogen metabolism, n-6 : n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio, and n6 polyunsaturated fatty acid conversion to proinflammatory/carcinogenic eicosanoids, and effects of timing of life events, for example, ages at menarche, full-term pregnancy, and menopause. Recent large-scale studies have confirmed the effectiveness of the evidence-based recommendations against BC risk, emphasizing low-energy density diets, highly nutritious plant-based regimes, physical activity, and body/abdominal adiposity management. Better understanding of dietary inter-relationships with BC, as applied to food intake, selection, combination, and processing/preparation, and recommended patterns, for example, Mediterranean, DASH, plant-based, low energy density, and low glycemic load, with high nutrient/phytonutrient density, would increase public motivation and authoritative support for early/timely prevention, optimally merging with other dietary/health goals, for lifelong BC prevention. Copyright (C) 2017 The Author(s). Published by Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc.
A role for plant science in underpinning the objective of global nutritional security?; Background The challenges of achieving global food security have become more demanding as scientists have realized that not only calorie content but also food composition and colonic microbial content impact our health and wellbeing, dramatically. The ways that the nutrients we consume affect our health are highly complex due to the diversity of what we eat, the varying digestibility of what we eat, the changing composition and functioning of each individual's gut microbiota, the differences in absorption and bioavailability of the nutrients we eat, the differences in responses between individuals to what they eat and the multi-fold mechanisms of action that nutrients have on our health. Perspective and Conclusions It has been accepted for more than 50 years that diets rich in plants, particularly fruit and vegetables, protect health, and yet such diets have declined, with lower fruit and vegetable content and much more cheap, sugary, oily, processed foods, over the same period. These dietary shifts have had a marked impact on the incidence of chronic diseases: obesity, metabolic diseases, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Greater support for research into the ways that plant-based foods impact health will be essential for changing dietary patterns to protect health and to achieve global nutritional security.
Effects of a Plant-Based High-Carbohydrate/High-Fiber Diet Versus High-Monounsaturated Fat/Low-Carbohydrate Diet on Postprandial Lipids in Type 2 Diabetic Patients; OBJECTIVE - To search for a better dietary approach to treat postprandial lipid abnormalities and improve glucose control in type 2 diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - According to a randomized crossover design, 18 type 2 diabetic patients (aged 59 5 years; BMI 27 3 kg/m(2)) (means +/- SD) in satisfactory blood glucose control on diet or diet plus metformin followed a diet relatively rich in carbohydrates (52% total energy), rich in fiber (28g/1,000 kcal), and with a low glycemic index (58%) (high-carbohydrate/high-fiber diet) or a diet relatively low in carbohydrate (45%) and rich in monounsaturated fat (23%) (low-carbohydrate/high-monounsaturated fat diet) for 4 weeks. Thereafter, they shifted to the other diet for 4 more weeks. At the end of each period, plasma glucose, insulin, lipids, and lipoprotein fractions (separated by discontinuous density gradient ultracentrifugation) were determined on blood samples taken at fasting and over 6 h after a test meal having a similar composition as the corresponding diet. RESULTS - In addition to a significant decrease in postprandial plasma glucose, insulin responses, and glycemic variability, the high-carbohydrate/high-fiber diet also significantly improved the primary end point, since it reduced the postprandial incremental areas under the curve (IAUCs) of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, in particular, chylomicrons (cholesterol IAUC: 0.05 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.08 +/- 0.02 mmol/l per 6 h; triglycerides IAUC: 0.71 +/- 0.35 vs. 1.03 +/- 0.58 mmol/l per 6 h, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - A diet rich in carbohydrate and fiber, essentially based on legumes, vegetables, fruits, and whole cereals, may be particularly useful for treating diabetic patients because of its multiple effects on different cardiovascular risk factors, including postprandial lipids abnormalities.
Health Implications of a Vegetarian Diet: A Review; There is now a significant amount of research that demonstrates the health benefits of vegetarian and plant-based diets, which have been associated with a reduced risk of obesity, diabetes, heart disease, and some types of cancer as well as increased longevity. Vegetarian diets are typically lower in fat, particularly saturated fat, and higher in dietary fiber. They are also likely to include more whole grains, legumes, nuts, and soy protein, and together with the absence of red meat, this type of eating plan may provide many benefits for the prevention and treatment of obesity and chronic health problems, including diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Although a well-planned vegetarian or vegan diet can meet all the nutritional needs of an individual, it may be necessary to pay particular attention to some nutrients to ensure an adequate intake, particularly if the person is on a vegan diet. This article will review the evidence for the health benefits of a vegetarian diet and also discuss strategies for meeting the nutritional needs of those following a vegetarian or plant-based eating pattern.
Improving the scientific rigour of nutritional recommendations for adults with type 2 diabetes: A comprehensive review of the American Diabetes Association guideline-recommended eating patterns; Aims The global rate of type 2 diabetes (T2D) continues to rise. Guidelines that influence the worldwide treatment of this disease are central to changing this trajectory. We sought in this review to evaluate the appropriateness of sources cited in the American Diabetes Association's (ADA) guidelines on eating patterns for T2D management, identify additional relevant sources, and evaluate the evidence. Materials and Methods We reviewed the evidence behind the ADA's recommendations on eating patterns in the 2018 and 2019 ADA Standards of Care and the 2014 ADA Nutrition Therapy Recommendations for Adults with Diabetes. Additionally, we conducted a comprehensive search to identify any additional studies not included in the cited evidence. To determine appropriateness of inclusion in the guidelines, the following criteria were applied: 1) it was a clinical trial or systematic review/meta-analysis of clinical trials; 2) it involved persons with T2D; 3) one of the study arms followed one of the eating patterns currently recommended; 4) its reported outcomes included glycaemic control; 5) outcomes were reported separately for persons with T2D. Results We found a wide variation in the evidence for each eating pattern. Issues that have hampered the guideline process include: lack of a rigorous literature review, resulting in the omission of pertinent studies; an overreliance on prospective cohort studies; inconsistent standards for evidence; inclusion of studies not on persons with T2D; and bias. Conclusions The ADA Guidelines recommended eating patterns fall short of rigorous standards of scientific review according to state-of-the-art systematic review and guideline creation practices.
Vegetarian diets and weight status; The increasing global health problems of overweight and obesity are associated with coronary heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, osteoarthritis, and certain cancers, among other health concerns. Vegetarian diets are associated with reduced body weight, lower incidence of certain chronic disease, and lower medical costs compared with non-vegetarian diets. We reviewed the literature to ascertain the extent to which and by, what mechanism(s) a plant-based diet may mediate body weight.
Vegetarian Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of mortality, being responsible for 46% of non communicable disease deaths. It has been estimated that about 85.6 million Americans are living with some form of CVD, which continues to rise. Healthy lifestyle choices may reduce the risk of myocardial infarction by >80%, with nutrition playing a key role. Vegetarian dietary patterns reduce CVD mortality and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by 40%. Plant-based diets are the only dietary pattern to have shown reversal of CHD. Additionally, evidence suggests benefits of vegetarian dietary patterns in both the prevention and the treatment of heart failure and cerebrovascular disease. Plant-based diets are associated with lower blood pressure, lower blood lipids, and reduced platelet aggregation than non-vegetarian diets and are beneficial in weight management, reduce the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes. They have also been shown an effective treatment method in diabetes management. Well planned vegetarian diets provide benefits in preventing and reversing atherosclerosis and in decreasing CVD risk factors and should be promoted through dietary guidelines and recommendations. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Characteristics of Americans Choosing Vegetarian and Vegan Diets for Health Reasons; Objective: Examine the prevalence, patterns, and associated factors of using a vegetarian or vegan diet for health reasons in the US general population. Design: Cross-sectional data from the 2012 National Health Interview Survey. Participants: Nationally representative sample (N = 34,525). Variables Measured: Prevalence of ever use and 12-month use of vegetarian or vegan diet for health reasons, patterns of use, and sociodemographic and health-related factor associated with use. Analysis: Multiple logistic regression analysis. Results: Prevalence of ever use and 12-month use was 4.0% (n = 1,367) and 1.9% (n = 648), respectively. Health vegetarians and vegans were more likely aged 30-65 years, female, not Hispanic, from the Western US region, at least high school educated, chronically ill, and physically active. They were less likely to be in a relationship, overweight or obese, or smoking, or to have public or private health insurance. Among health vegetarians and vegans, 6.3% consulted with a practitioner for special diets; 26.1% followed the diet because of a specific health problem, mainly high cholesterol, overweight, hypertension, and diabetes; and 59.4% disclosed the diet to their health care provider. Conclusions and Implications: Less than 2% of participants reported using a vegetarian or vegan diet for health reasons within the past 12 months. Despite potential benefits of plant-based nutrition, more research is warranted on the actual use and its effects and safety.
EFFICACY OF HIGH-FIBER DIETS IN THE MANAGEMENT OF TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS; Objective: To review outcomes of randomized controlled clinical trials exploring the efficacy of different types of diets containing various amounts of fiber in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: We searched PubMed, Medline, and Google Scholar for published data from the past decade (through December 2009) on dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Only randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of whole grains, fiber, or vegetarian diets on type 2 diabetes were included. Search criteria included whole grain, fruit, vegetable, fiber, and meat intake regarding insulin sensitivity and glycemic responses in healthy, prediabetic, and diabetic persons. Results: A total of 14 randomized clinical trials were included. Addition of insoluble or soluble fiber to meals, increased consumption of diets rich in whole grains and vegetables, and vegan diets improve glucose metabolism and increase insulin sensitivity. The greatest improvement in blood lipids, body weight, and hemoglobin A(1c) level occurred in participants following low-fat, plant-based diets. Conclusions: Increased consumption of vegetables, whole grains, and soluble and insoluble fiber is associated with improved glucose metabolism in both diabetic and nondiabetic individuals. Improvements in insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis were more evident in participants following a plant-based diet compared with other commonly used diets. (Endocr Pract. 2011;17:132-142)
Use of the microbiome in the management of children with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Purpose of review The purpose of this review is to present recent data that defines our current understanding of the role of the gut microbiome in the development of T2DM. Recent findings Recent studies focus on the physiology and molecular pathways of the gut microbiome-host interaction. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) derived from the fermentation of plant-based nonsoluble fiber bind to G-protein-coupled receptors (GPR) GPR 41 and GPR 43 to induce enteroendocrine molecules that control appetite, and to upregulate intestinal gluconeogenesis gene expression that controls glucose regulation. "Metabolic endotexemia" reflects a state of low-grade systemic inflammation that results from lipopolysaccharide (LPS) release from the gut into the systemic circulation in response to a high-fat diet. Inflammatory pathways induced by LPS, activation of toll-like receptor-4 (TLR-4), and other inflammatory signaling pathways are mediators of systemic inflammation, insulin resistance and type II diabetes mellitus. Summary Recent scientific data support that derangements in the composition of the microbiota, termed "microbiome dysbiosis" is a factor in the development of "metabolic endotoxemia" and T2DM. Therapeutic options that target the gut microbiome in the treatment of T2DM are explored.
Nutrimetabolomics: An Update on Analytical Approaches to Investigate the Role of Plant-Based Foods and Their Bioactive Compounds in Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases; Metabolomics is the study of low-weight molecules present in biological samples such as biofluids, tissue/cellular extracts, and culture media. Metabolomics research is increasing, and at the moment, it has several applications in the food science and nutrition fields. In the present review, we provide an update about the most frequently used methodologies and metabolomic platforms in these areas. Also, we discuss different metabolomic strategies regarding the discovery of new bioactive compounds (BACs) in plant-based foods. Furthermore, we review the existing literature related to the use of metabolomics to investigate the potential protective role of BACs in the prevention and treatment of non-communicable chronic diseases, namely cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer.
Vitamin B12 Deficiency Is Prevalent Among Czech Vegans Who Do Not Use Vitamin B12 Supplements; As not much is known about the prevalence and predictors of nutritional deficiencies among vegans in the Czech Republic, we evaluated whether supplement use and duration of adherence to the vegan diet are associated with the risk of cobalamin and iron deficiencies. Associations between self-reported supplementation and duration of vegan diet with biomarkers of cobalamin (serum cobalamin, holotranscobalamin, homocysteine, folate) and iron status (serum ferritin, iron binding capacity, transferrin and saturation of transferrin) were assessed by cross-sectional analyses of medical data from a clinical nutrition center. Data from 151 (72 females) adult vegans (age 18-67 years), who were free of major chronic diseases and 85 (40 females) healthy non-vegans (age 21-47 years) were analyzed. Overall, vegans had significantly lower cobalamin, hemoglobin and ferritin levels, but higher folate and MCV values compared to non-vegans. Vegans not using cobalamin supplements were at higher risk of low plasma cobalamin than regularly supplementing vegans (OR: 4.41, 95% CI 1.2-16.16 for cobalamin, OR: 19.18, 95% CI 1.02-359.42 for holotranscobalamin), whereas no significant differences in cobalamin status related to duration of the vegan diet were observed. Regularly supplementing vegans had similar levels of cobalamin/holotranscobalamin as non-vegans. Despite lower ferritin and hemoglobin levels, there was no indication of a higher risk of iron-deficiency among vegans. To conclude cobalamin deficiency risk depends on supplementation status and not on the duration of an exclusive vegan diet, which underlines the need to integrate cobalamin status monitoring and counselling on supplement use in routine clinical care in the Czech Republic.
Diabetes Care in Republic of Macedonia: Challenges and Opportunities; BACKGROUND The Republic of Macedonia (RoM) has experienced a rapid rise in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) over the past 2 decades, a period characterized by significant social, political, and economic change. RoM now has one of the highest rates of diabetes in Europe. OBJECTIVES To explore the modifiable conditions that may underlie and exacerbate the T2D epidemic; describe the state of diabetes care; and consider improved mechanisms for prevention and treatment, including research priorities, in RoM. METHODS Methods included data mining from reliable sources and collaboration of authors to consider and describe applications of research from outside RoM and to identify evidence-based strategies to reduce the burden of T2D in RoM. FINDINGS In 2014, the national prevalence of diabetes was 11.44% of the population (20-79 years) of RoM. Per capita caloric intake has increased significantly over the past 2 decades, with the majority of these calories coming from sugar, pork, chicken, beef, and sunflower oil. Excess calories, in the form of nutrient-deficient foods, animal products, and added oils promote insulin resistance and T2D. Tobacco use and lack of physical activity also contribute to the diabetes epidemic. Insulin, especially insulin analogues, are widely available and used to manage diabetes, often over other interventions that are more appropriate for patients with T2D, and more frequently than in other more developed countries, resulting in higher and unsustainable related costs. CONCLUSIONS A new National eHealth System allows for better identification and monitoring of citizens with diabetes. However, the rapidly growing expense of insulin in the past has been unsustainable. The potential exists for a stronger role for lifestyle interventions in prevention and treatment of T2D. Significant changes in dietary patterns parallel the rise in diabetes prevalence and are likely a leading cause of diabetes and its complications. Research in RoM is needed to determine the impact and acceptability of dietary interventions for prevention and treatment of T2D, as a first step toward reduction of diabetes prevalence and its complications and controlling spiraling health care costs.
Vegetarian diets and chronic kidney disease; While dietary restriction of protein intake has long been proposed as a possible kidney-protective treatment, the effects of changes in the quality of ingested proteins on the prevalence and risk of progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) have been scarcely studied; these two aspects are reviewed in the present article. The prevalence of hypertension, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome, which are the main causes of CKD in Western countries, is lower in vegetarian populations. Moreover, there is a negative relationship between several components of plant-based diets and numerous factors related to CKD progression such as uraemic toxins, inflammation, oxidative stress, metabolic acidosis, phosphate load and insulin resistance. In fact, results from different studies seem to confirm a kidney-protective effect of plant-based diets in the primary prevention of CKD and the secondary prevention of CKD progression. Various studies have determined the nutritional safety of plant-based diets in CKD patients, despite the combination of a more or less severe dietary protein restriction. As observed in the healthy population, this dietary pattern is associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality in CKD patients. We propose that plant-based diets should be included as part of the clinical recommendations for both the prevention and management of CKD.
Dietary habits contribute to define the risk of type 2 diabetes in humans; Background and aims: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a frequent disorder largely preventable. The aim of this review was to summarize information on the association between dietary habits and the risk of developing T2D. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive literature search using the PubMed database from its inception to June, 2019. Articles were restricted to those written in English and concerning human subjects. Relevant manuscripts found in the list of references of the retrieved articles were also used in preparation for the review. Results: Animal protein consumption increases the risk of T2D independently of body mass index. Intake of both unprocessed meat and processed meat is strongly and consistently associated with increased risk of developing T2D. In contrast, consumption of high-quality vegetable foods prevents the disease. High-quality plant foods include whole grains, nuts, legumes, fruits, and vegetables. Among less healthy plant-based foods are fruit juices, sweetened beverages, refined grains, potatoes, sweets, and desserts. Carbohydrate-restricted diets that encourage consumption of animal products promote T2D. Low intake of animal products is linked to high educational level so that well-informed individuals tend to consume diets with elevated content of vegetable food. According to the American Dietetic Association, "appropriately planned vegetarian diets including vegan diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases". Conclusions: restricting animal products while increasing healthy plant-based foods intake facilitates T2D prevention. To neutralize worldwide the burden of T2D and its devastating complications, animal products consumption should be limited or discontinued. (C) 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Red Meat Consumption (Heme Iron Intake) and Risk for Diabetes and Comorbidities?; Purpose of Review To examine the role of red meat consumption, especially heme iron intake, and risk for diabetes and its comorbidities. Recent Findings Studies consistently show that consumption of red meat has been contributory to a multitude of chronic conditions such as diabetes, CVD, and malignancies. There are various emerging reasons that strengthen this link-from the basic constituents of red meat like the heme iron component, the metabolic reactions that take place after consumption, and finally to the methods used to cook it. The causative links show that even occasional use raises the risk of T2DM. Summary Prior studies show how nitrites and nitrates in red meat can lead to increased insulin resistance, dysregulated blood glucose levels, and elevated oxidative stress all leading to chronic diseases. With the rise in these preventable chronic diseases, we examine how disease-causing links can be eliminated with appropriate lifestyle choices.
Prospective Plant Based Anticancer Lead Molecules; Nature has been a source of a wide range of products being utilized for the treatment of various diseases like malaria, cancer, diabetes etc. Among these, cancer is emerging as a leading cause of deaths worldwide and the development of cross-resistance to already established drugs increases the need for novel anticancer drugs. To discover novel anticancer molecules, it is a necessity to unearth the molecules which can act as anticancer agents. Taking natural products in vision, phytoconstituents like terpenoids, flavones, glycosides and alkaloids might act as a major source of lead molecules. Considering the anticancer prospectives of phytoconstituents, different unknown lead molecules are summarized in this review. The present review highlights the representative studies of plant-based anticancer agents which are classified as per their phytochemical nature. Furthermore, important key points along with important structure-activity relationships points regarding selected lead molecules are also discussed.
Vegetarian diets and childhood obesity prevention; The increased prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity is not unique to industrialized societies; dramatic increases are occurring in urbanized areas of developing countries. In light of the consensus that obesity is a significant public health concern and that many weight-loss interventions have been unsuccessful in the long term, an exploration of food patterns that are beneficial in the primary prevention of obesity is warranted. The focus of this article is to review the relation between vegetarian diets and obesity, particularly as they relate to childhood obesity. Epidemiologic studies indicate that vegetarian diets are associated with a lower body mass index (BMI) and a lower prevalence of obesity in adults and children. A meta-analysis of adult vegetarian diet studies estimated a reduced weight difference of 7.6 kg for men and 3.3 kg for women, which resulted in a 2-point lower BMI (in kg/m(2)). Similarly, compared with nonvegetarians, vegetarian children are leaner, and their BMI difference becomes greater during adolescence. Studies exploring the risk of overweight and food groups and dietary patterns indicate that a plant-based diet seems to be a sensible approach for the prevention of obesity in children. Plant-based diets are low in energy density and high in complex carbohydrate, fiber, and water, which may increase satiety and resting energy expenditure. Plant-based dietary patterns should be encouraged for optimal health and environmental benefits. Food policies are warranted to support social marketing messages and to reduce the cultural and economic forces that make it difficult to promote plant-based dietary patterns. Am J Clin Nutr 2010;91(suppl): 1525S-9S.
Mediterranean diet for type 2 diabetes: cardiometabolic benefits; Dietary patterns influence various cardiometabolic risk factors, including body weight, lipoprotein concentrations, and function, blood pressure, glucose-insulin homeostasis, oxidative stress, inflammation, and endothelial health. The Mediterranean diet can be described as a dietary pattern characterized by the high consumption of plant-based foods, olive oil as the main source of fat, low-to-moderate consumption of fish, dairy products and poultry, low consumption of red and processed meat, and low-to-moderate consumption of wine with meals. The American Diabetes Association and the American Heart Association recommend Mediterranean diet for improving glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. Prospective studies show that higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with a 20-23 % reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes, while the results of randomized controlled trials show that Mediterranean diet reduces glycosylated hemoglobin levels by 0.30-0.47 %, and is also associated with a 28-30 % reduced risk for cardiovascular events. The mechanisms by which Mediterranean diet produces its cardiometabolic benefits in type 2 diabetes are, for the most, anti-inflammatory and antioxidative: increased consumption of high-quality foods may cool down the activation of the innate immune system, by reducing the production of proinflammatory cytokines while increasing that of anti-inflammatory cytokines. This may favor the generation of an anti-inflammatory milieu, which in turn may improve insulin sensitivity in the peripheral tissues and endothelial function at the vascular level and ultimately act as a barrier to the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and development of atherosclerosis.
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20% and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Vegetarian Diets; It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that appropriately planned vegetarian, including vegan, diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits for the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. These diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, adolescence, older adulthood, and for athletes. Plant-based diets are more environmentally sustainable than diets rich in animal products because they use fewer natural resources and are associated with much less environmental damage. Vegetarians and vegans are at reduced risk of certain health conditions, including ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, certain types of cancer, and obesity. Low intake of saturated fat and high intakes of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, soy products, nuts, and seeds (all rich in fiber and phytochemicals) are characteristics of vegetarian and vegan diets that produce lower total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and better serum glucose control. These factors contribute to reduction of chronic disease. Vegans need reliable sources of vitamin B-12, such as fortified foods or supplements.
Vegetarian nutrition:: Preventive potential and possible risks Part 1:: Plant foods; Today vegetarian nutrition is more accepted and widespread in Europe than in former years. For a long time scientific research on vegetarian diets has focused mostly on malnutrition, whereas nowadays research centers increasingly on the preventive potential of plant-based diets. We followed a nutritive and a metabolic-epidemiological approach to obtain dietary recommendations. A MEDLINE research was performed for all plant food groups relevant for a vegetarian diet (key words: all relevant food groups, "vegetarian diet", "chronic disease", "cancer", "cardiovascular disease", "diabetes mellitus", "osteoporosis"). All relevant food groups were characterized regarding their nutrient content and rated with respect to the available metabolic-epidemiological evidence. Based on the evidence criteria of the WHO/FAO, cancer risk reduction by a high intake of vegetables and fruits is assessed as probable or possible, while a lowered risk of cardiovascular disease is convincing and a lowered risk of osteoporosis is probable. The evidence of a risk reducing effect of whole grain relating to colorectal cancer is assessed as possible, whereas it is probable relating to cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. There is an insufficient risk-reducing effect of legumes like soja relating to epithelial tumours and cardiovascular disease. The evidence of a risk-reducing effect of nuts to cardiovascular disease is assessed as probable, and in relation to cholelithiasis and diabetes mellitus type 2 as possible and insufficient, respectively. In conclusion, high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts can lower the risk for several chronic diseases.
Vegetarian Diet and Cardiometabolic Risk among Asian Indians in the United States; Research studies have shown that plant-based diets confer cardiovascular and metabolic health benefits. Asian Indians (AIs) in the US (who have often followed plant-based diets) have elevated risk for chronic diseases such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and obesity suggesting ethnic vulnerability that imply genetic and/or lifestyle causative links. This study explored the association between this ethnic group and diabetes, obesity, and metabolic syndrome after controlling for demographics, acculturation, family history of diabetes, and lifestyle and clinical risk factors. The sample comprised of 1038 randomly selected adult AIs in seven US sites. Prevalence and metabolic syndrome was estimated, and obesity was calculated using the WHO Asian criteria. Multivariate analysis included multinomial logistic regression. The mean age and length of residency in the US were 47 and 18.5 years, respectively. The majority of respondents were vegetarians (62%) and educated. A vegetarian lifestyle was associated with females, food label users, respondents with poor/fair current health status, less acculturated, and those who reported their diet had not changed after coming to the US. Vegetarian status was a protective factor and lowered the risk for diabetes but not for metabolic syndrome and obesity in the regression model. Results provide a firm basis for educational programs.
Impact of a Shared Medical Appointment Lifestyle Intervention on Weight and Lipid Parameters in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes: A Clinical Pilot; Background: There is a growing awareness that lifestyle behavior modifications may reduce weight and the atherogenic dyslipidemia associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).Objective: We pilot the effectiveness of a diabetes educational program combining shared medical appointments (SMAs) with an 8-week DVD-based diabetes education program emphasizing a plant-based diet in lowering weight and lipids in individuals with T2DM. This pilot also employed a nonrandomized convenience sample to explore which of the educational program's target behaviors were associated with the greatest risk factor reduction.Design: Forty-six adult patients with T2DM voluntarily self-selected to enroll in the educational quality improvement initiative run as part of a community clinical practice. Target behaviors measured weekly were (1) days with beans for breakfast, (2) days of exercise, (3) minutes of exercise per day, (4) days with light evening meals, (5) days with no evening meals, (6) days with no red meat, (7) days with plant-based diet, and (8) number of 8-ounce cups of water per day. Biometric measurements were taken at the beginning and end of the 2-month program. These included high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol, and triglycerides. Weight was measured weekly. Regression analysis was performed to identify which target behaviors were associated with changes in lipids and weight.Results: There was a statistically significant (F = 2.429; df = 8.21; p < 0.05) decrease in weight (mean -8.9 lbs, or 4.05kg, or 4.1% body weight, p < 0.01) during the 8-week study period. There was a positive trend in all lipid parameters, but none reached statistical significance with this sample. Exploratory weighted least-squares regression found that weight loss in the study group was most associated with higher water consumption (t = 3.16; p < 0.01), days per week with no evening meal (t = 3.03; p < 0.01), and days per week consuming beans for breakfast (t = 2.06; p = 0.05.Conclusions: In this pilot study, the DVD-based educational program delivered as part of an SMA was associated with significant weight loss but insignificant lipid changes. Behavior changes most closely associated with weight loss were increasing water consumption, eliminating evening meals, and increasing the consumption of beans for breakfast. These potentially important findings in this small sample suggest the need for a randomized clinical trial with a larger and planned sample.
Effects of 7 days on an ad libitum low-fat vegan diet: the McDougall Program cohort; Background: Epidemiologic evidence, reinforced by clinical and laboratory studies, shows that the rich Western diet is the major underlying cause of death and disability (e.g, from cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes) in Western industrialized societies. The objective of this study is to document the effects that eating a low-fat (<= 10% of calories), high-carbohydrate (similar to 80% of calories), moderate-sodium, purely plant-based diet ad libitum for 7 days can have on the biomarkers of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Retrospective analysis of measurements of weight, blood pressure, blood sugar, and blood lipids and estimation of cardiovascular disease risk at baseline and day 7 from 1615 participants in a 10-day residential dietary intervention program from 2002 to 2011. Wilcoxon's signed-rank test was used for testing the significance of changes from baseline. Results: The median (interquartile range, IQR) weight loss was 1.4 (1.8) kg (p < .001). The median (IQR) decrease in total cholesterol was 22 (29) mg/dL (p < .001). Even though most antihypertensive and antihyperglycemic medications were reduced or discontinued at baseline, systolic blood pressure decreased by a median (IQR) of 8 (18) mm Hg (p < .001), diastolic blood pressure by a median (IQR) of 4 (10) mm Hg (p < .001), and blood glucose by a median (IQR) of 3 (11) mg/dL (p < .001). For patients whose risk of a cardiovascular event within 10 years was >7.5% at baseline, the risk dropped to 5.5% (>27%) at day 7 (p < .001). Conclusions: A low-fat, starch-based, vegan diet eaten ad libitum for 7 days results in significant favorable changes in commonly tested biomarkers that are used to predict future risks for cardiovascular disease and metabolic diseases.
Treatment of common ailments by plant-based remedies among the people of District Attock (Punjab) of northern Pakistan; District Attock is one of the resource-based areas of medicinal plants in the north of Punjab province of Pakistan. The local people of the area have always used medicinal plants for their common ailments by traditional methods. Indigenous knowledge of local people about medicinal plants is directly linked to their culture and history. It is therefore felt worthwhile to record the indigenous knowledge about the plant-based remedies. The present communication deals with the common diseases treated by plant based remedies such as abdominal pain and worms, asthma, cough and bronchitis, cold, flu, influenza, diabetes, diarrheoa, dysentery, digestive disorders, ear infections and eye complaints. 25 species belonging to 25 genera were used for common ailments. It was found that plant based remedies were used in effective prescriptions, which are simple, inexpensive, and acceptable among the local inhabitants of the area.
Turning the Waiting Room into a Classroom: Weekly Classes Using a Vegan or a Portion-Controlled Eating Plan Improve Diabetes Control in a Randomized Translational Study; Background In research settings, plant-based (vegan) eating plans improve diabetes management, typically reducing weight, glycemia, and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations to a greater extent than has been shown with portioncontrolled eating plans. Objective The study aimed to test whether similar benefits could be found using weekly nutrition classes in a typical endocrinology practice, hypothesizing that a vegan eating plan would improve glycemic control, weight, lipid concentrations, blood pressure, and renal function and would do so more effectively than a portion-controlled eating plan. Design In a 20-week trial, participants were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan or portion-controlled eating plan. Participants/setting Individuals with type 2 diabetes treated in a single endocrinology practice in Washington, DC, participated (45 starters, 40 completers). Intervention Participants attended weekly after-hours classes in the office waiting room. The vegan plan excluded animal products and added oils and favored low-glycemic index foods. The portion-controlled plan included energy intake limits forweight loss (typically a deficit of 500 calories/day) and provided guidance on portion sizes. Main outcome measures Body weight, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), plasma lipids, urinary albumin, and blood pressure were measured. Statistical analyses performed For normally distributed data, t tests were used; for skewed outcomes, rank-based approaches were implemented (Wilcoxon signed-rank test for within-group changes, Wilcoxon two-sample test for between-group comparisons, and exact Hodges-Lehmann estimation to estimate effect sizes). Results Although participants were in generally good metabolic control at baseline, body weight, HbA1c, and LDL cholesterol improved significantly within each group, with no significant differences between the two eating plans (weight: -6.3 kg vegan, -4.4 kg portion-controlled, between-group P=0.10; HbA1c, -0.40 percentage point in both groups, P=0.68; LDL cholesterol -11.9 mg/dL vegan, -12.7 mg/dL portioncontrolled, P=0.89). Mean urinary albumin was normal at baseline and did not meaningfully change. Blood pressure changes were not significant. Conclusions Weekly classes, integrated into a clinical practice and using either a low-fat vegan or portion-controlled eating plan, led to clinical improvements in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Effect of a Brown Rice Based Vegan Diet and Conventional Diabetic Diet on Glycemic Control of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A 12-Week Randomized Clinical Trial; Objective Several intervention studies have suggested that vegetarian or vegan diets have clinical benefits, particularly in terms of glycemic control, in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D); however, no randomized controlled trial has been conducted in Asians who more commonly depend on plant-based foods, as compared to Western populations. Here, we aimed to compare the effect of a vegan diet and conventional diabetic diet on glycemic control among Korean individuals. Materials and Methods Participants diagnosed with T2D were randomly assigned to follow either a vegan diet (excluding animal-based food including fish; n = 46) or a conventional diet recommended by the Korean Diabetes Association 2011 (n = 47) for 12 weeks. HbA1c levels were measured at weeks 0, 4, and 12, and the primary study endpoint was the change in HbA1c levels over 12 weeks. Results The mean HbA1c levels at weeks 0, 4, and 12 were 7.7%, 7.2%, and 7.1% in the vegan group, and 7.4%, 7.2%, and 7.2% in the conventional group, respectively. Although both groups showed significant reductions in HbA1C levels, the reductions were larger in the vegan group than in the conventional group (-0.5% vs. -0.2%; p-for-interaction = 0.017). When only considering participants with high compliance, the difference in HbA1c level reduction between the groups was found to be larger (-0.9% vs. -0.3%). The beneficial effect of vegan diets was noted even after adjusting for changes in total energy intake or waist circumference over the 12 weeks. Conclusion Both diets led to reductions in HbA1c levels; however, glycemic control was better with the vegan diet than with the conventional diet. Thus, the dietary guidelines for patients with T2D should include a vegan diet for the better management and treatment. However, further studies are needed to evaluate the long-term effects of a vegan diet, and to identify potential explanations of the underlying mechanisms.
<i>In vitro</i> inhibitory effects of plant-based foods and their combinations on intestinal α-glucosidase and pancreatic α-amylase; Background: Plant-based foods have been used in traditional health systems to treat diabetes mellitus. The successful prevention of the onset of diabetes consists in controlling postprandial hyperglycemia by the inhibition of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase activities, resulting in aggressive delay of carbohydrate digestion to absorbable monosaccharide. In this study, five plant-based foods were investigated for intestinal alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase. The combined inhibitory effects of plant-based foods were also evaluated. Preliminary phytochemical analysis of plant-based foods was performed in order to determine the total phenolic and flavonoid content. Methods: The dried plants of Hibiscus sabdariffa (Roselle), Chrysanthemum indicum (chrysanthemum), Morus alba (mulberry), Aegle marmelos (bael), and Clitoria ternatea (butterfly pea) were extracted with distilled water and dried using spray drying process. The dried extracts were determined for the total phenolic and flavonoid content by using Folin-Ciocateu's reagent and AlCl3 assay, respectively. The dried extract of plant-based food was further quantified with respect to intestinal alpha-glucosidase (maltase and sucrase) inhibition and pancreatic alpha-amylase inhibition by glucose oxidase method and dinitrosalicylic (DNS) reagent, respectively. Results: The phytochemical analysis revealed that the total phenolic content of the dried extracts were in the range of 230.3-460.0 mg gallic acid equivalent/g dried extract. The dried extracts contained flavonoid in the range of 50.3-114.8 mg quercetin equivalent/g dried extract. It was noted that the IC50 values of chrysanthemum, mulberry and butterfly pea extracts were 4.24 +/- 0.12 mg/ml, 0.59 +/- 0.06 mg/ml, and 3.15 +/- 0.19 mg/ml, respectively. In addition, the IC50 values of chrysanthemum, mulberry and butterfly pea extracts against intestinal sucrase were 3.85 +/- 0.41 mg/ml, 0.94 +/- 0.11 mg/ml, and 4.41 +/- 0.15 mg/ml, respectively. Furthermore, the IC50 values of roselle and butterfly pea extracts against pancreatic alpha-amylase occurred at concentration of 3.52 +/- 0.15 mg/ml and 4.05 +/- 0.32 mg/ml, respectively. Combining roselle, chrysanthemum, and butterfly pea extracts with mulberry extract showed additive interaction on intestinal maltase inhibition. The results also demonstrated that the combination of chrysanthemum, mulberry, or bael extracts together with roselle extract produced synergistic inhibition, whereas roselle extract showed additive inhibition when combined with butterfly pea extract against pancreatic alpha-amylase. Conclusions: The present study presents data from five plant-based foods evaluating the intestinal alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase inhibitory activities and their additive and synergistic interactions. These results could be useful for developing functional foods by combination of plant-based foods for treatment and prevention of diabetes mellitus.
Vegetarian diets and glycemic control in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Previous studies have suggested an association between vegetarian diets and improvements in glycemic control in diabetes, although this relationship is not well established. No meta-analysis of these studies has been performed. Methods: To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials examining the association between vegetarian diets and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Data source: The electronic databases Medline, Web of Science, Excerpta Medica Database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched for articles published in any language through December 9, 2013. Study selection: The following criteria were used for study inclusion: (I) age of participants > 20 years; (II) vegetarian diet as intervention; (III) mean difference in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and/or fasting blood glucose levels used as outcomes; and (IV) controlled trials, duration >= 4 weeks. Exclusion criteria were: (I) not an original investigation; (II) duplicate samples; (III) diabetes other than type 2; (IV) multiple interventions; and (V) uncontrolled studies. Data extraction and synthesis: The data collected included study design, baseline population characteristics, dietary data, and outcomes. Data were pooled using a random-effects model. Main outcomes and measures: Differences in HbA1c and fasting blood glucose levels associated with vegetarian diets were assessed. Results: Of 477 studies identified, six met the inclusion criteria (n= 255, mean age 42.5 years). Consumption of vegetarian diets was associated with a significant reduction in HbA1c [-0.39 percentage point; 95% confidence interval (CI), -0.62 to -0.15; P= 0.001; I-2= 3.0; P for heterogeneity = 0.389], and a non-significant reduction in fasting blood glucose concentration (-0.36 mmol/L; 95% CI, -1.04 to 0.32; P= 0.301; I-2= 0; P for heterogeneity = 0.710), compared with consumption of comparator diets. Conclusions: Consumption of vegetarian diets is associated with improved glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. PROSPERO registration number is CRD42013004370.
Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Self-Motivated Patients: Optimized Diet, Exercise, and Medication for Weight Loss and Cardiometabolic Fitness; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a growing public health problem with significant lifetime health care costs. The majority of Americans do not achieve minimal targets for exercise, and individuals with T2DM typically engage in less exercise than the general adult population. However, those patients with T2DM who are sufficiently self-motivated to manage their condition have the potential to reverse diabetes and prevent its complications through behavioral and pharmacologic interventions. Marked improvements are possible through increased awareness and selection of healthy eating options, a willingness to incorporate vigorous exercise into their lifestyle, and the use of newer medications that essentially eliminate the risk of hypoglycemia while facilitating weight loss and the achievement of ideal glucose targets. For self-motivated patients, daily aerobic activity of 45 to 60 minutes per day may be a suitable target. For those who have cardiovascular clearance, high-intensity interval training accomplishes high levels of cardiometabolic fitness with shorter training periods by alternating moderate and intense exertion. Suitable medications that have a low risk of hypoglycemia during exercise include metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors, and sodium-glucose linked transporter-2 inhibitors. Specific daily caloric goals and incorporation of a mainly plant-based diet should be considered as a primary target for diabetes management. Self-management is important to achieving diabetes treatment goals, and mobile applications can be useful tools to support lifestyle changes in patients with T2DM.
Bioprocess and Bioreactor: Next Generation Technology for Production of Potential Plant-based Antidiabetic and Antioxidant Molecules; Globally, diabetes and obesity are two of the most common metabolic diseases of the 21(st) century. Increasingly, not only adults but children and adolescents are being affected. New approaches are needed to prevent and treat these disorders and to reduce the impact of associated disease-related complications. Industrial-scale production using plant-root cultures can produce quantities and quality of inexpensive bioactive small molecules with nutraceutical and pharmaceutical properties. Using this approach, and targeting these diseases, a next generation approach to tackling this emerging global health crisis may be developed. Adventitious roots cultured in bioreactors under controlled and reproducible conditions have been shown effective for production of natural products. The liquid-phase airlift bioreactor in particular has been used successfully for culturing roots on an industrial-scale and thus may provide an economical production platform for expressing promising plant-based antidiabetic and antioxidant molecules. This review focuses on a next-generation, scalable, bioprocessing approach for adventitious and hairy root cultures that are a pesticide-free, seasonally-independent, plant-based source of three molecules that have shown promise for the therapeutic management of diabetes and obesity: corosolic acid, resveratrol and ginsenosides.
The role of diet in the prevention of type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is an important preventable disease and a growing public health problem. Epidemiologic and interventional studies suggest that weight loss is the main driving force to reduce diabetes risk. Landmark clinical trials of lifestyle changes in subjects with prediabetes have shown that diet and exercise leading to weight loss consistently reduce the incidence of diabetes. However, from these studies it cannot be established whether dietary changes alone play a significant role in preventing diabetes. Here we review epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence relating nutrients, foods and dietary patterns to diabetes risk and the possible mechanisms involved. The differential effects of carbohydrate and fat quantity and quality, and those of specific foods and whole diets are discussed. Importantly, most dietary components influencing diabetes risk have similar effects on biomarkers of cardiovascular risk and inflammation. The conclusion is that there is no universal dietary strategy to prevent diabetes or delay its onset. Together with the maintenance of ideal body weight, the promotion of the so-called prudent diet (characterized by a higher intake of food groups that are generally recommended for health promotion, particularly plant-based foods, and a lower intake of red meat, meat products, sweets, high-fat dairy and refined grains) or a Mediterranean dietary pattern rich in olive oil, fruits and vegetables, including whole grains, pulses and nuts, low-fat dairy, and moderate alcohol consumption (mainly red wine) appears as the best strategy to decrease diabetes risk, especially if dietary recommendations take into account individual preferences, thus enabling long-time adherence. (C) 2011 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
Dietary pattern associated with selenoprotein P and MRI-derived body fat volumes, liver signal intensity, and metabolic disorders; PurposeThe association of complex dietary patterns with circulating selenoprotein P (SELENOP) levels in humans is unknown. In a general population sample, we aimed to identify a dietary pattern explaining inter-individual variation in circulating SELENOP concentrations and to study this pattern in relation to prevalent diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), MRI-determined total volumes of visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous (SAT) abdominal adipose tissue, and liver signal intensity/fatty liver disease.MethodsIn this cross-sectional study, serum SELENOP levels were measured in 853 individuals. In a subsample of 553 participants, whole-body MRI was performed to assess body fat distribution and liver fat. Dietary intake was assessed by a self-administered food frequency questionnaire and the dietary pattern identified using reduced-rank regression (RRR). Multivariable linear and logistic regressions were used to investigate associations between dietary pattern score and metabolic traits.ResultsCharacterized by high intake of fruit, vegetables and antioxidant beverages, the RRR-derived dietary pattern displayed inverse associations with VAT, SAT, MetS, and prevalent diabetes in multivariable-adjusted restricted cubic splines. Each unit increase in dietary pattern score was associated with 31% higher SELENOP levels, 12% lower VAT (95% CI: -19%; -5%), 13% (95% CI: -20%; -6%) lower SAT values and 46% (95% CI: 27%; 60%) and 53% (95% CI: 22%; 72%) lower odds of having MetS or diabetes, respectively. No meaningful relations were observed between the dietary pattern and liver traits.ConclusionsOur observations propose diet-related regulation in SELENOP levels and that the identified dietary pattern is inversely related to VAT, SAT, MetS, and prevalent diabetes.
The effect of circuit resistance training, empagliflozin or "vegeterranean diet" on physical and metabolic function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes: a study protocol for a randomized control trial (CEV-65 trial); Background Treatment of the older diabetic individual comprises a therapeutic challenge. Currently little scientific evidence exists depicting the best approach to type 2 diabetes treatment in this growing sub-population of patients. The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of a modified plant-based Mediterranean diet ("vegeterranean" diet), circuit resistance training (CRT) and empagliflozin, separately or in combination, on body composition and physical function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes. The rationale for this study is to assess three interventions associated with a negative energy/caloric balance (increased caloric use in exercise, caloric restriction in the "vegeterranean" diet and caloric wasting by glycosuria with empagliflozin), their interaction and effect on body composition and physical function. Methods One hundred and twenty men and women >= 65 years of age with type 2 diabetes, and low levels of physical activity will be randomized (1:1:1 manner, gender stratified) for 10 weeks to one of 3 parallel arms: CRT consisting of 3 home sessions/week; ad-libitum plant-based Mediterranean diet (limited consumption of eggs, dairy and fish, avoidance of red meat and poultry) or empagliflozin 10 mg/day. After 10 weeks CRT will be added to the empagliflozin and diet arms for an additional 10 weeks. Allocation concealment and blinding of primary outcome assessors will be implemented. Efficacy will be determined by assessment of lean body mass, body weight, frailty and functional status, sarcopenia, HbA1c and quality of life questionnaires. Safety will be evaluated by routine monitoring of adverse events. This study was approved by the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center Institutional Review Board. Discussion The combination and comparison of these diverse interventions to metabolic control may lead to better understanding of their mechanism of action with potential clinical implications in older individuals. Also, this study will provide evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions on delaying the progression from diabetes to sarcopenia and/or frailty.
The Association Between Dietary Flavonoid and Lignan Intakes and Incident Type 2 Diabetes in European Populations The EPIC-InterAct study; OBJECTIVETo study the association between dietary flavonoid and lignan intakes, and the risk of development of type 2 diabetes among European populations.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSThe European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-InterAct case-cohort study included 12,403 incident type 2 diabetes cases and a stratified subcohort of 16,154 participants from among 340,234 participants with 3.99 million person-years of follow-up in eight European countries. At baseline, country-specific validated dietary questionnaires were used. A flavonoid and lignan food composition database was developed from the Phenol-Explorer, the U.K. Food Standards Agency, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture databases. Hazard ratios (HRs) from country-specific Prentice-weighted Cox regression models were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis.RESULTSIn multivariable models, a trend for an inverse association between total flavonoid intake and type 2 diabetes was observed (HR for the highest vs. the lowest quintile, 0.90 [95% CI 0.77-1.04]; P value trend = 0.040), but not with lignans (HR 0.88 [95% CI 0.72-1.07]; P value trend = 0.119). Among flavonoid subclasses, flavonols (HR 0.81 [95% CI 0.69-0.95]; P value trend = 0.020) and flavanols (HR 0.82 [95% CI 0.68-0.99]; P value trend = 0.012), including flavan-3-ol monomers (HR 0.73 [95% CI 0.57-0.93]; P value trend = 0.029), were associated with a significantly reduced hazard of diabetes.CONCLUSIONSProspective findings in this large European cohort demonstrate inverse associations between flavonoids, particularly flavanols and flavonols, and incident type 2 diabetes. This suggests a potential protective role of eating a diet rich in flavonoids, a dietary pattern based on plant-based foods, in the prevention of type 2 diabetes.
Emerging Evidence for the Importance of Dietary Protein Source on Glucoregulatory Markers and Type 2 Diabetes: Different Effects of Dairy, Meat, Fish, Egg, and Plant Protein Foods; Observational studies provide evidence that a higher intake of protein from plant-based foods and certain animal-based foods is associated with a lower risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). However, there are few distinguishable differences between the glucoregulatory qualities of the proteins in plant-based foods, and it is likely their numerous non-protein components (e.g., fibers and phytochemicals) that drive the relationship with T2DM risk reduction. Conversely, the glucoregulatory qualities of the proteins in animal-based foods are extremely divergent, with a higher intake of certain animal-based protein foods showing negative effects, and others showing neutral or positive effects on T2DM risk. Among the various types of animal-based protein foods, a higher intake of dairy products (such as milk, yogurt, cheese and whey protein) consistently shows a beneficial relationship with glucose regulation and/or T2DM risk reduction. Intervention studies provide evidence that dairy proteins have more potent effects on insulin and incretin secretion compared to other commonly consumed animal proteins. In addition to their protein components, such as insulinogenic amino acids and bioactive peptides, dairy products also contain a food matrix rich in calcium, magnesium, potassium, trans-palmitoleic fatty acids, and low-glycemic index sugars-all of which have been shown to have beneficial effects on aspects of glucose control, insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity and/or T2DM risk. Furthermore, fermentation and fortification of dairy products with probiotics and vitamin D may improve a dairy product's glucoregulatory effects.
Diet-Quality Scores and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Men; OBJECTIVE-To 1) compare associations of diet-quality scores, which were inversely associated with cardiovascular disease, with incident type 2 diabetes and 2) test for differences in absolute-risk reduction across various strata. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study, who were initially free of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or cancer (n = 41,615), were followed for <= 20 years. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI) 2005, the alternative HEI (aHEI) the Recommended Food Score, the alternative Mediterranean Diet (aMED) Score, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Score were calculated from food-frequency questionnaires. Cox proportional hazard models with time-varying covariates were used to assess risk by quintiles and continuous intervals. RESULTS-There were 2,795 incident cases of type 2 diabetes. After multivariate adjustment, the aHEI, aMED, and DASH scores were significantly associated with reduced risk. A 1-SD increase was associated with 9-13% reduced risk (P < 0.01), and the DASH score was associated with lower risk independent of other scores. These scores were associated with lower absolute risk among those who were overweight or obese compared with normal weight (P for interaction < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS-Several diet-quality scores were associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes and reflect a common dietary pattern characterized by high intakes of plant-based foods such as whole grains; moderate alcohol; and low intakes of red and processed meat, sodium, sugar-sweetened beverages, and trans fat. High-quality diets may yield the greatest reduction in diabetes cases when followed by those with a high BMI.
Diet and Diabetic Kidney Disease: Plant Versus Animal Protein; Purpose of Review The goal of this review is to present an overview of the evidence on the effectiveness of plant-based diets in delaying progression of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Recent Findings The ideal quantity of dietary protein has been a controversial topic for patients with DKD. Smaller studies have focused on protein source, plant versus animal, for preventing progression. Limited evidence suggests that dietary patterns that focus on plant-based foods, those that are lower in processed foods, or those that are lower in advanced glycation end products (AGE) may be useful in prevention of DKD progression. Summary Increasing plant-based foods, incorporating diet patterns that limit processed foods, or potentially lowering AGE contents in diets may be beneficial for dietary management of DKD. However, dietary studies specifically targeted at DKD treatment are sparse. Further, large trials powered to assess outcomes including changes in kidney function, end-stage kidney disease, and mortality are needed to provide more substantial evidence for these diets.
Vegetarian Diet in Chronic Kidney Disease-A Friend or Foe; Healthy diet is highly important, especially in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Proper nutrition provides the energy to perform everyday activities, prevents infection, builds muscle, and helps to prevent kidney disease from getting worse. However, what does a proper diet mean for a CKD patient? Nutrition requirements differ depending on the level of kidney function and the presence of co-morbid conditions, including hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The diet of CKD patients should help to slow the rate of progression of kidney failure, reduce uremic toxicity, decrease proteinuria, maintain good nutritional status, and lower the risk of kidney disease-related secondary complications (cardiovascular disease, bone disease, and hypertension). It has been suggested that plant proteins may exert beneficial effects on blood pressure, proteinuria, and glomerular filtration rate, as well as results in milder renal tissue damage when compared to animal proteins. The National Kidney Foundation recommends vegetarianism, or part-time vegetarian diet as being beneficial to CKD patients. Their recommendations are supported by the results of studies demonstrating that a plant-based diet may hamper the development or progression of some complications of chronic kidney disease, such as heart disease, protein loss in urine, and the progression of kidney damage. However, there are sparse reports suggesting that a vegan diet is not appropriate for CKD patients and those undergoing dialysis due to the difficulty in consuming enough protein and in maintaining proper potassium and phosphorus levels. Therefore, this review will focus on the problem as to whether vegetarian diet and its modifications are suitable for chronic kidney disease patients.
Role of plant protein in nutrition, wellness, and health; Plant-based diets, and more specifically plant-based proteins, have been the subject of growing interest from researchers and consumers because of their potential health benefits as well as their positive environmental impact. Of course, plant proteins are found in plant foods, and positive health benefits of plant foods are linked to dietary fiber, vitamins, minerals, and phytochemicals. In epidemiological studies it is not possible to separate out the health benefits of plant foods in general as opposed to plant proteins specifically. Additionally, few vegans, who consume only plant-based proteins, are included in existing prospective cohort studies. Isolated plant proteins (soy, pea) have been used in intervention trials, but often to improve biomarkers linked to disease risk, including serum lipids or blood pressure. This review is an overview of plant proteins, the whole foods they are associated with, and the potential health benefits linked to consumption of protein from plant sources. Plant proteins and their potential for reducing the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, diabetes management, cancer prevention, and weight management are each discussed, as are the various rating systems currently used to determine protein quality from plant sources. Although additional research is needed that focuses specifically on the role that plant protein plays in the prevention and management of these chronic illnesses, rather than the role played by a more general plant-based diet, evidence suggests that plant proteins offer nutritional benefits to those who consume them. Limitations to plant proteins, including lower protein quality, must also be considered in this discussion.
Diet quality is inversely associated with obesity in Chinese adults with type 2 diabetes; Background: Diet quality has been linked to obesity, but this relationship remains unclear in individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of this study is to examine the association between diet quality and obesity in Chinese adults with T2D. Methods: Between April and November 2016, a total of 211 Chinese T2D adults who underwent assessment of diabetes-related treatment goals and metabolic control were recruited into two groups based on their body mass index (BMI): obese group (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)) and non-obese group (BMI = 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)). Diet quality indices including Alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), Diet Quality Index-International (DQI-I), and Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH) score, were derived from a validated food frequency questionnaire. Results: Obese T2D patients had significantly lower AHEI-2010 (P < 0.001), DQI-I (P < 0.001), and DASH total scores (P = 0.044) than their non-obese counterparts, independent of age and sex. They also had higher total energy (P < 0.001), protein percentage of energy (P = 0.023), and meat, poultry and organ meat (P < 0.001), but lower vegetable (P = 0.014) intakes. Our multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated that the AHEI-2010, but not DQI-I and DASH, total score had an inverse association with obesity, independent of sociodemographics, anti-diabetic medication use, physical activity level and total energy intake (odds ratio [OR] per standard deviation (1-SD) increase: 0.95, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.91-0.99, P = 0.020). This association remained significant after further adjustment for glycemic control. Inverse associations were also found between obesity and multivariate-adjusted component scores, including AHEI-2010 red/processed meat (OR per 1-SD: 0.71, 95% CI: 0.51-0.99, P = 0.044), DQI-I variety (OR per 1-SD: 0.63, 95% CI: 0.46-0.86, P = 0.004), and DASH red/processed meat (OR per 1-SD: 0.57, 95% CI: 0.38-0.84, P = 0.005). Conclusions: Better diet quality, as characterized by higher AHEI-2010 scores, was associated with lower odds of obesity in Chinese adults with T2D. Dietary patterns reflecting high consumption of plant-based foods and low consumption of animal-based, high-fat, and processed foods may be imperative to optimize nutritional guidance for obesity management in this population.
Adherence to a healthy plant diet may reduce inflammatory factors in obese and overweight women-a cross-sectional study; Objective: Obesity and overweight which are consequence of some interaction factor such as genetics and behavioral habit. Obesity as a metabolic disorder and chronic inflammation is a trigger to countless disease. The main goal of this study is to investigate the interaction of herbal diet on the levels of liver enzymes, inflammatory factors and adipocytes profile. Materials and methods: A total of 240 adult women range of 18-48 years were included in the current comparative cross-sectional study. Body composition and dietary intake (using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)) were assessed in all participants. In determining a plant based diet index (PDI), vegetarian foods were taken positive score and reverse points for animal foods. For determining a healthful plant based diet index (hPDI), healthy plant foods received positive scores, while less healthy plant foods and animal foods received reverse scores. To create an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI), positive scores were assigned to less healthy plant foods and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. For the measurement of serum liver enzymes and inflammatory factors, an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method was used. Results: Healthy diet like whole grains, fruits, vegetables, cereals, and beverages such as tea and coffee, based on dietary guidelines, significantly reduced the amount of hs-CRP and TGF-beta (P <0.0001). Higher adhering to hPDI may as a result in higher intake of fiber intake, antioxidants, unsaturated fats, micronutrients, could reduce saturated fats and iron content, and finally weight loss, and reduce inflammation in the body. Conclusion: Base on our finding, in those people who intake higher amounts of healthy plant foods, (vegetable types), instead of unhealthy herbal foods (sweets and desserts), might be useful to reduce inflammation factor like TGF-beta and hs-CRP. Women with a higher compliance score in uPDI group (juices, refined grains, starches sweetened with sugar, sweets, and desserts) did not have significantly increase in inflammatory factors levels. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Diabetes India.
Effect of in vitro digestion on the total polyphenol and flavonoid, antioxidant activity and carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes inhibitory potential of selected functional plant-based foods; This study aimed to investigate the effect of in vitro digestion on the total antioxidant activity and carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes inhibitory potential of 12 functional plant-based foods. Undigested Centella asiatica showed the highest total antioxidant activity, phenolic and flavonoid content while Morus Alba and Dioscorea polystachya displayed the highest -glucosidase and -amylase inhibitory potential, respectively. In vitro digestion significantly (p<0.05) increased the radical scavenging and carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes inhibitory activities in all plant extracts. Both phenolic (r=0.840, p<0.001) and flavonoid (r=0.549, p<0.01) contents were positively correlated with the total antioxidant activity. The activity in the aerial part of plants were significantly affected by digestion process when compared to tuber part. Principle component analysis showed that in vitro digestion contributed to 47% of total activity variation. In vitro digestion could induce the reducing power, radical scavenging, and carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes inhibitory potential of functional plant-based foods involving fruit, flower, seed, root, and tuber. Practical applicationsFunctional plant-based foods with promising therapeutic potential are widely consumed in Southeast Asia countries either as raw ingredient or food additives due to their health-oriented composition and good environmental sustainability. Comparison of antioxidant activity and carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes inhibitory potential of functional plant-based foods before and after in vitro digestion could reveal the importance of food digestion process in modulating their health benefit. This study shows that in vitro digestion process could produce functional plant-based food products with high antioxidant and carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes inhibitory activity which are potential alternatives to control postprandial hyperglycemia in the early stage of type 2 diabetes with minimal side effect. The data could also serve as a reference for both consumers and food manufacturers who favor the use of functional plants as food ingredient, additives, or flavoring in food processing for health promoting purpose.
Insights on Medical Nutrition Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Indian Perspective; It is critical to integrate medical nutrition therapy (MNT) provided by a registered dietician (RD) into primary care of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This is necessary to achieve the goals of improving overall metabolic measures beyond calorie restriction and weight loss. Misconceptions about nutrition in T2DM add to the challenges of executing MNT in a culturally sensitive population. The current review provides insights into MNT for the prevention and management of T2DM in India, based on both evidence and experience. It revisits historical Indian studies and provides information on appropriate dietary intake of carbohydrates (60-70%), proteins (similar to 20%) and fats (10%) that will be acceptable and beneficial in an Indian T2DM population. It discusses nuances of types of carbohydrates and fats and explains associations of increased dietary fiber intake, balanced intake of low and high glycemic index foods and substitution of saturated fats with plant-based polyunsaturated fats in improving outcomes of T2DM and attenuating risk factors. The article also deliberates upon special patient populations with comorbid conditions and diseases and the necessary adjustments needed in their nutritional care. It outlines a step-wise approach to MNT involving a careful interplay of nutrition assessment, diagnosis, individualization and patient counseling. Overall, the success of MNT relies on providing accurate, acceptable and appropriate dietary choices for continued patient adherence. Collaborative efforts from diabetologists, endocrinologists, internists and RDs are required to prioritize and implement MNT in diabetes practice in India.
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor. (C) 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Development of EuroFIR-BASIS - a composition and biological effects database for plant-based bioactive compounds; Bioactive compounds, such as those derived from plant foods, are of growing interest to the scientific community and food industry because of their putative health-promoting properties. Increasing evidence reports beneficial effects of bioactive compounds, particularly against cancers, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. EuroFIR-BASIS (BioActive Substances in Food Information System) is a unique online database that collates international research on the composition and biological effects of plant-based bioactive compounds into a single, comprehensive reference resource. EuroFIR-BASIS covers multiple compound classes and 330 major European food plants with data sourced from quality-assessed, peer-reviewed literature. The database is internet-deployed to ensure widespread accessibility and facilitates searches against a number of different variables. EuroFIR-BASIS is intended for use by a wide audience, including scientists, researchers, epidemiologists, food regulatory authorities and product developers in the food industry. The database has been designed to accommodate continual expansion as research develops to ensure that it remains a current and useable resource.
Nuts for prevention and management of heart disease and diabetes; Nuts are energy dense whole foods that are rich sources of unsaturated fat, fibre, vitamins, minerals and polyphenols. According to the 2010 Report of the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee on the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, nut intake is recommended to help facilitate the shift to a more plant-based diet for chronic disease prevention. Consistent findings across epidemiological studies, clinical trials, meta-analysis and pooled analysis have shown that frequent nut consumption reduces heart disease risk. The role of nuts in the prevention and management of persons with type 2 diabetes has not been firmly established and additional research is needed to elucidate the benefits that nuts may yield in this growing population.
Oatmeal interventions in severe insulin resistance on the intensive care unit: A case report; Objectives: To report on the potential effectiveness of hypocaloric, plant-based short-term dietary oatmeal interventions in the treatment of insulin resistance in critically ill patients on the intensive care unit. Clinical features and outcome: A 67-year-old female with type 2 diabetes was admitted to our hospital with suspected pneumonia. The patient developed acute hypoxemic respiratory failure and was diagnosed with pneumogenic sepsis requiring invasive ventilation and an immediate transfer to our medical intensive care unit. Within 48 h the patient developed severe to extreme insulin resistance and required more than 200 units of insulin per day. Based on the "Noorden diet" described in 1903, a modified hypocaloric (700 kcal) and plant-based dietary oatmeal intervention was performed to "break" insulin resistance and to improve glycaemic control. For two days, the patient received a low-fat diet that restricted carbohydrates to whole-grain oats (180 g) and included small amounts of vegetables (60 g). Enteral feeding was done via nasogastric tube. During and after the intervention, glycaemic control improved significantly. A significant reduction in total daily insulin requirements was achieved during and after the intervention. Conclusions: Hypocaloric, plant-based short-term dietary oatmeal interventions significantly reduced mean blood glucose levels and mean required daily insulin doses in a critically ill and septic patient on the intensive care unit.
Nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns as exposures in research: a framework for food synergy; Evidence is synthesized that foods and food patterns act synergistically to influence the risk of several chronic diseases. Whole-grain consumption and risk of disease are presented as a model of food synergy. Food synergy is defined as additive or more than additive influences of foods and food constituents on health. Risk appears to be lower with consumption of whole grain than of refined grain; that is, benefit accrues when all edible parts of the grain are included (bran, germ, and endosperm). It appears that phytochemicals that are located in the fiber matrix, in addition to or instead of the fiber itself, are responsible for the reduced risk. Risk is further reduced if whole-grain foods are consumed in a diet otherwise high in plant foods. To gain full understanding of the pathways by which food synergies work, it is desirable to use several "top down" approaches, starting with the larger units, namely foods or food patterns, and working down to smaller units that provide protection from disease. Study of foods, food patterns, and individual nutrients or food components in reducing disease risk is seen as complementary. Epidemiologic, clinical trial, and in vitro approaches to such research are needed.
A Selective Role of Dietary Anthocyanins and Flavan-3-ols in Reducing the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Recent Evidence; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the most common form of DM and its prevalence is increasing worldwide. Because it is a progressive disease, prevention, early detection and disease course modification are possible. Diet plays a critical role in reducing T2DM risk. Therapeutic dietary approaches routinely recommend diets high in plant foods (i.e., vegetables, fruits, whole-grains). In addition to essential micronutrients and fiber, plant-based diets contain a wide-variety of polyphenols, specifically flavonoid compounds. Evidence suggests that flavonoids may confer specific benefits for T2DM risk reduction through pathways influencing glucose absorption and insulin sensitivity and/or secretion. The present review assesses the relationship between dietary flavonoids and diabetes risk reduction reviewing current epidemiology and clinical research. Collectively, the research indicates that certain flavonoids, explicitly anthocyanins and flavan-3-ols and foods rich in these compounds, may have an important role in dietary algorithms aimed to address diabetes risk factors and the development of T2DM.
Plants, Diet, and Health; Chronic disease is a major social challenge of the twenty-first century. In this review, we examine the evidence for discordance between modern diets and those on which humankind evolved as the cause of the increasing incidence of chronic diseases, and the evidence supporting consumption of plant foods as a way to reduce the risk of chronic disease. We also examine the evidence for avoiding certain components of plant-based foods that are enriched in Western diets, and review the mechanisms by which different phytonutrients are thought to reduce the risk of chronic disease. This body of evidence strongly suggests that consuming more fruits and vegetables could contribute both to medical nutrition therapies, as part of a package of treatments for conditions like type 2 diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and obesity, and to the prevention of these diseases. Plant science should be directed toward improving the quality of plant-based foods by building on our improved understanding of the complex relationships between plants, our diet, and our health.
Dietary patterns and management of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review of randomised clinical trials; Background and aim: The aim of the present review is to examine evidence from published studies on the effectiveness of six or more months of low carbohydrate, macrobiotic, vegan, vegetarian, Mediterranean and intermittent fasting (IF) diets compared to low fat diets on diabetes control and management. Methods and results: In accordance with PRISMA guidelines, Cochrane CENTRAL, PubMed and Scopus databases were systematically searched for relevant studies. Twenty randomised controlled trials (RCTs) > 6 months that investigated the effectiveness of various dietary patterns on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane tool. There were no significant differences in glycemic control, weight and lipids for the majority of low carbohydrate diets (LCDs) compared to low fat diets (LFDs). Four out of fifteen LCD interventions showed better glycemic control while weight loss was greater in one study. The Mediterranean dietary pattern demonstrated greater reduction in body weight and HbA1c levels and delayed requirement for diabetes medications. The vegan and macrobiotic diet demonstrated improved glycemic control, while the vegetarian diet showed greater body weight reduction and insulin sensitivity. Conclusions: Although more long-term intervention trials are required, mounting evidence supports the view that vegan, vegetarian and Mediterranean dietary patterns should be implemented in public health strategies, in order to better control glycemic markers in individuals with T2DM. (C) 2019 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes; PurposeTo examine the association between dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. MethodsA hospital-based cross-sectional study of 83 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes was conducted over an 8-month period. Dietary patterns were extracted using principal components analysis from completed food frequency questionnaires. Retinal vascular calibre was measured by a trained grader using a standardized protocol and later summarized as central retinal artery equivalent (CRAE) and central retinal vein equivalent (CRVE) using a semi-automated computer program. ResultsThree major dietary patterns were identified as follows: (1) processed foods, (2) plant-based foods and (3) vegetable/fish avoidance pattern. The processed pattern had high component loadings for processed meats and high fat takeaway foods. The plant-based pattern had high component loadings for a number of fruits including, but not limited to, pineapple, grapes oranges and mangos as well as a smaller number of vegetables, including beans and leeks. The vegetable and fish avoidance pattern had high inverse component loadings for canned and fresh fish as well as a number of vegetables including, but not limited to, pumpkin, green beans, broccoli, sweet potato and cabbage. Adjusted regression analysis revealed the vegetable/fish avoidance' dietary pattern was associated with a wider CRVE (ExpB=3.67, 95% CI=0.11/7.24, p=0.039). After multivariable adjustments, a vascular risk profile that included: older age, higher BMI, higher systolic blood pressure, greater gestational age, longer screen viewing time, lower maternal education level, lower physical activity levels and lower high-density lipoproteins concentrations were more likely to display narrower CRAE (ExpB=-2.43, 95% CI=-4.92/0.06, p=0.041). ConclusionsThis study provides the first evidence for a diet-calibre relationship in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. This outcome has potential public health implications, as promotion of healthy eating patterns in children and adolescents might attenuate changes in microvasculature that have been related to an increased risk of microvascular disease, such as retinopathy, in adulthood. Additional studies are warranted to explore and validate this novel finding.
RETRACTED: Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Vegetarian Diets (Retracted Article); It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that vegetarian diets can provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain health conditions, including atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Well-designed vegetarian diets that may include fortified foods or supplements meet current nutrient recommendations and are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarians must use special care to ensure adequate intake of vitamin B-12. Vegetarian diets are primarily plant-based, comprised of grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, vegetables, and fruit; do not include flesh foods (beef, pork, poultry and fowl, wild game, and fish); and may or may not include some animal products, such as dairy (milk and milk products), eggs, and processed foods that contain casein or whey. Although vegetarians may have a higher deficiency risk for some nutrients (eg, vitamin B-12) compared to nonvegetarians, nutritional deficiencies are not the main causes of mortality or morbidity in Western societies. Vegetarian diets are associated with a lower risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and some types of cancer; low-fat vegetarian diets, in combination with other healthy lifestyle factors, have been shown to be effective in the treatment of these diseases. Vegetarians have lower low-density lipoprotein, better serum glucose control, and lower oxidative stress. Low intake of foods containing saturated fat and cholesterol, and high intake of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, and soy products that are rich in fiber and phytochemicals are components of a vegetarian diet that contribute to reduction of chronic disease.
A dietary intervention for chronic diabetic neuropathy pain: a randomized controlled pilot study; BACKGROUND: Diabetic neuropathy is a common and often debilitating condition for which available treatments are limited. Because a low-fat plant-based diet has been shown to improve glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes, we hypothesized that such a diet would reduce painful symptoms of diabetic neuropathy. METHODS: In this 20-week pilot study, individuals with type 2 diabetes and painful diabetic neuropathy were randomly assigned to two groups. The intervention group was asked to follow a low-fat, plant-based diet, with weekly classes for support in following the prescribed diet, and to take a vitamin B12 supplement. The control group was asked to take the same vitamin B12 supplement, but received no other intervention. At baseline, midpoint and 20 weeks, clinical, laboratory and questionnaire data were collected. Questionnaires included an analog 'worst pain' scale, Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument, global impression scale, Short Form McGill Pain Questionnaire, Neuropathy Total Symptom Score, a weekly pain diary and Norfolk Quality of Life Questionnaire. RESULTS: After 20 weeks, body weight change with the intervention was -6.4 kg (95% confidence interval (CI) -9.4 to -3.4, P<0.001) in an effect size analysis. Electrochemical skin conductance in the foot improved by an average of 12.4 microseimens (95% CI 1.2-23.6, P=0.03) with the intervention in an effect size analysis. The between-group difference in change in pain, as measured by the McGill pain questionnaire, was -8.2 points (95% CI -16.1 to -0.3, P=0.04). Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument questionnaire score change was -1.6 points (95% CI -3.0 to -0.2, P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements were seen in some clinical and pain measures. This pilot study suggests the potential value of a plant-based diet intervention, including weekly support classes, for treating painful diabetic neuropathy.
An Integrated Computational Approach for Plant-Based Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase Non-Receptor Type 1 Inhibitors; Background: Protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 1 is a therapeutic target for the type 2 diabetes mellitus. According to the International Diabetes Federation 2015 report, one out of 11 adults suffers from diabetes mellitus globally. Objective: Current anti-diabetic drugs can cause life-threatening side-effects. The present study proposes a pipeline for the development of effective and plant-derived anti-diabetic drugs that may be safer and better tolerated. Methods: Plant-derived protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 1 inhibitors possessing antidiabetic activity less than 10 mu M were used as a training set. A common feature pharmacophore model was generated. Pharmacophore-based screening of plant-derived compounds of the ZINC database was conducted using ZINCpharmer. Screened hits were assessed to evaluate their drug-likeness, pharmacokinetics, detailed binding behavior, and aggregator possibility based on their physiochemical properties and chemical similarity with reported aggregators. Results: Through virtual screening and in silico pharmacology protocol isosilybin (ZINC30731533) was identified as a lead compound with optimal properties. This compound can be recommended for laboratory tests and further analyses to confirm its activity as protein tyrosine phosphatase nonreceptor type 1 inhibitor. Conclusion: The present study has identified plant-derived anti-diabetic virtual lead compound with the potential to inhibit protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 1, which may be helpful to enhance insulin production. This computer-aided study could facilitate the development of novel pharmacological inhibitors for diabetes treatment.
Iodine Status and Thyroid Function of Boston-Area Vegetarians and Vegans; Context: Adequate dietary iodine is required for normal thyroid function. The iodine status and thyroid function of U.S. vegetarians and vegans have not been previously studied. Environmental perchlorate and thiocyanate (inhibitors of thyroid iodine uptake) exposures may adversely affect thyroid function. Objective: The objective of the study was to assess the iodine status and thyroid function of U.S. vegetarians (consume plant based products, eggs, milk; abstain from meat, poultry, fish, shellfish) and vegans (avoid all animal products) and whether these may be affected by environmental perchlorate and thiocyanate exposures. Design and Setting: This was a cross-sectional assessment of urinary iodine, perchlorate, and thiocyanate concentrations and serum thyroid function in Boston-area vegetarians and vegans. Subjects: One hundred forty-one subjects (78 vegetarians, 63 vegans) were recruited; one vegan was excluded. Results: Median urinary iodine concentration of vegans (78.5 mu g/liter; range 6.8-964.7 mu g/liter) was lower than vegetarians (147.0 mu g/liter; range 9.3-778.6 mu g/liter) (P < 0.01). Adjusted for cigarette smoking (confirmed by urinary cotinine levels) and thiocyanate-rich food consumption, median urinary thiocyanate concentration of vegans (630 mu g/liter; range 108-3085 mu g/liter) was higher than vegetarians (341 mu g/liter; range 31-1963 mu g/liter) (P < 0.01). There were no between-group differences in urinary perchlorate concentrations (P = 0.75), TSH (P = 0.46), and free T(4) (P = 0.77). Urinary iodine, perchlorate, and thiocyanate levels were not associated with TSH (P = 0.59) or free T(4) (P = 0.14), even when adjusted for multiple variables. Conclusions: U.S. vegetarians are iodine sufficient. U.S. vegans may be at risk for low iodine intake, and vegan women of child-bearing age should supplement with 150 mu g iodine daily. Environmental perchlorate and thiocyanate exposures are not associated with thyroid dysfunction in these groups. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 96: E1303-E1307, 2011)
Diet-Microbiota Interactions and Their Implications for Healthy Living; It is well established that diet influences the health of an individual and that a diet rich in plant-based foods has many advantages in relation to the health and well-being of an individual. What has been unclear until recently is the large contribution of the gut microbiota to this effect. As well as providing basic nutritional requirements, the long-term diet of an animal modifies its gut microbiota. In adults, diets that have a high proportion of fruit and vegetables and a low consumption of meat are associated with a highly diverse microbiota and are defined by a greater abundance of Prevotella compared to Bacteroides, while the reverse is associated with a diet that contains a low proportion of plant-based foods. Furthermore, it is becoming increasingly clear that the effect of the microbial ecology of the gut goes beyond the local gut immune system and is implicated in immune-related disorders, such as IBS, diabetes and inflamm-ageing. In this review, we investigate the evidence that a balanced diet leads to a balanced, diverse microbiota with significant consequences for healthy ageing by focusing on conditions of interest.
Nuts, cereals, seeds and legumes proteins derived emulsifiers as a source of plant protein beverages: A review; Milk beverages derived from plant-based protein have attracted the interest of consumers and researchers as a health-promoting functional food. It can also be considered as a substitute for animal milk due to various allergy concerns associated with dairy milk. The plant-based emulsions are directed to prevent diet-related chronic diseases including diabetes, cardiovascular, obesity and other disorders due to the presence of healthy long-chain unsaturated fatty acids as compared to bovine milk. Further, associations between nutritional contents (vitamins, minerals and low fat) and pharmacological properties of plant-based protein may have extra beneficial effects. The review aims to summarize the four different groups of plant sources (nuts, cereals, seeds and legumes) used for the preparation of plant-based milk beverages. In addition, it also provides a detailed review of the general characteristics and functional properties of these plant sources. Physicochemical composition, protein and fats quality, functional properties, effect of heat and high-pressure treatment is also provided in detail. It also covers fats digestibility, protein stability, protein solubility and digestibility. Furthermore, the effect of processing, possible comparative study and potential applications in healthcare have been discussed.
Dietary Polyphenols, Mediterranean Diet, Prediabetes, and Type 2 Diabetes: A Narrative Review of the Evidence; Dietary polyphenols come mainly from plant-based foods including fruits, vegetables, whole grains, coffee, tea, and nuts. Polyphenols may influence glycemia and type 2 diabetes (T2D) through different mechanisms, such as promoting the uptake of glucose in tissues, and therefore improving insulin sensitivity. This review aims to summarize the evidence from clinical trials and observational prospective studies linking dietary polyphenols to prediabetes and T2D, with a focus on polyphenol-rich foods characteristic of the Mediterranean diet. We aimed to describe the metabolic biomarkers related to polyphenol intake and genotype-polyphenol interactions modulating the effects on T2D. Intakes of polyphenols, especially flavan-3-ols, and their food sources have demonstrated beneficial effects on insulin resistance and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Several prospective studies have shown inverse associations between polyphenol intake and T2D. The Mediterranean diet and its key components, olive oil, nuts, and red wine, have been inversely associated with insulin resistance and T2D. To some extent, these associations may be attributed to the high amount of polyphenols and bioactive compounds in typical foods conforming this traditional dietary pattern. Few studies have suggested that genetic predisposition can modulate the relationship between polyphenols and T2D risk. In conclusion, the intake of polyphenols may be beneficial for both insulin resistance and T2D risk.
Dietary patterns and the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, asthma, and neurodegenerative diseases; Diet and lifestyle play a significant role in the development chronic diseases; however the full complexity of this relationship is not yet understood. Dietary pattern investigation, which reflects the complexity of dietary intake, has emerged as an alternative and complementary approach for examining the association between diet and chronic diseases. Literature on this association has largely focused on individual nutrients, with conflicting outcomes, but individuals consume a combination of foods from many groups that form dietary patterns. Our objective was to systematically review the current findings on the effects of dietary patterns on chronic diseases. In this review, we describe and discuss the relationships between dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean, the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension, Prudent, Seventh-day Adventists, and Western, with risk of obesity, type-2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, asthma, and neurodegenearive diseases. Evidence is increasing from both observational and clinical studies that plant-based dietary patterns, which are rich in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, are valuable in preventing various chronic diseases, whereas a diet high in red and processed meat, refined grains and added sugar seems to increase said risk. Dietary pattern analysis might be especially valuable to the development and evaluation of food-based dietary guidelines.
Whole food approach for type 2 diabetes prevention; Diet is intimately associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Recently, attention has focused on the contributions of individual nutrients, food groups and eating patterns to the outcome of T2D. High consumption of coffee, whole grains, fruits and vegetables, and nuts are each independently associated with the reduced risk of T2D in high risk, glucose intolerant individuals. Experimental and clinical trials have given insight to the diverse mechanisms that may be responsible for the observed protective effects of certain foods on T2D, including nutrients, phytochemicals and dietary fiber, weight control, enhanced satiety and improvement in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in diabetic patients. Elevated consumption of refined grains and sugar-sweetened beverages has shown to significantly elevate the risk of incident T2D. An overall healthy diet primarily comprising whole plant-based foods, together with regular physical activity and weight manage, could significantly reduce the risk of T2D. The present review consolidates current research and delineates major food groups shown to significantly influence risk of T2D. Documenting and quantifying the effects of diet on the outcome of T2D are of great scientific and public health importance as there is urgent need to implement dietary strategies to prevent and manage the outcome of T2D.
Vegetarian Diets in the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes; Observational studies show that prevalence of type 2 diabetes is 1.6 to 2times lower in vegetarians than in the general population, even after adjustment for differences in body mass index (BMI). Clinical interventional trials demonstrated that vegetarian diets lead to a greater weight loss and greater reduction in fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, blood lipids, and hypoglycemic medication than a conventional hypocaloric diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes. We found a greater reduction in visceral fat and greater improvements in insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers with a vegetarian compared to a conventional hypocaloric diabetic diet. Vegetarian diets are sustainable in the long term and may elicit desirable improvements not only in physical health but also in mental health.The American Dietetic Association states that well-planned vegetarian diets are healthy and nutritionally adequate and they may be beneficial in prevention and treatment of some illnesses. Larger clinical trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness and promote the inclusion of vegetarian diets in dietary guidelines for prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes.
IS VEGAN DIET APPROPRIATE FOR COMPETITIVE ARTISTIC GYMNASTS?; The majority of scientific evidence strongly associates a well-planned vegan diet with health, a successful control of body weight, a preventive measure, and, in some cases, with the termination and the reverse of the most common chronic non-communicable diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, certain cancers, and some other diseases. Numerous athletes have accepted these findings and adopted this lifestyle choice. Furthermore, the athletes choose well-planned vegan diet with the intention of optimizing their athletic abilities. The position of The British Dietetic Association (BDA) and The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (AND) on the vegetarian diet states that well-planned vegetarian diets, including the vegan diet, are healthy and nutritionally adequate and appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, adolescence and older adulthood. What is more, AND repeats its view from nearly ten years ago on the appropriateness of the vegan diet for the needs of athletes. The aim of this article is to justify the appropriateness of a well-planned vegan diet for the needs for competitive artistic gymnasts and to do so with a relative scientific transparency.
Gut microbiota and cardiometabolic outcomes: influence of dietary patterns and their associated components; Many dietary patterns have been associated with cardiometabolic risk reduction. A commonality between these dietary patterns is the emphasis on plant-based foods. Studies in individuals who consume vegetarian and vegan diets have shown a reduced risk of cardiovascular events and incidence of diabetes. Plant-based dietary patterns may promote a more favorable gut microbial profile. Such diets are high in dietary fiber and fermentable substrate (ie, nondigestible or undigested carbohydrates), which are sources of metabolic fuel for gut microbial fermentation and, in turn, result in end products that may be used by the host (eg, short-chain fatty acids). These end products may have direct or indirect effects on modulating the health of their host. Modulation of the gut microbiota is an area of growing interest, and it has been suggested to have the potential to reduce risk factors associated with chronic diseases. Examples of dietary components that alter the gut microbial composition include prebiotics and resistant starches. Emerging evidence also suggests a potential link between interindividual differences in the gut microbiota and variations in physiology or predisposition to certain chronic disease risk factors. Alterations in the gut microbiota may also stimulate certain populations and may assist in biotransformation of bioactive components found in plant foods. Strategies to modify microbial communities may therefore provide a novel approach in the treatment and management of chronic diseases.
Animal versus plant protein meals in individuals with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria - Effects on renal, glycemic, and lipid parameters; OBJECTIVE - To determine, for individuals with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria, the effects of 6 weeks of meals containing plant-based protein (PP) versus meals with predominantly animal-based protein (AP) on renal function and secondarily on glycemia, lipid levels, and blood pressure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - in a randomized crossover trial, we compared 6 weeks of meals containing only PP with meals containing primarily AP (60% animal, 40% plant) in 17 subjects with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria treated with diet and/or oral antidiabetic agents. Protein content was equivalent to the average American diet, and calories provided weight maintenance. Nutrients were equivalent between the two diets. Meals were prepared and packaged by a metabolic kitchen staff and were sent home weekly. At the beginning and end of each 6-week period, subjects were studied for 36 h on a metabolic unit. RESULTS - There were no significant differences between diets for glomerular filtration rate, renal plasma flow, albumin excretion rate, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglyceride area blood pressure, or serum amino acids. under the curve (AUC), glucose and insulin AUC, HbA(1c), For both diets, at the end of the treatment periods as compared with baseline, total cholesterol was significantly lower (PP and AP: from 4.75 to 4.34 mmol/l, P < 0.01), HbA(1c) had significantly improved (PP: from 8.1 to 7.5%, P < 0.01 AP: from 7.9 to 7.4%, P < 0.01), and diastolic blood pressure was significantly lower (PP: from 83 to 80 mmHg, P < 0.02, AP from 82 to 78, P < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS - There is no clear advantage for the recommendation of diets containing only PP rather than diets containing protein that is primarily animal-based for individuals with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria. There are, however, potential lipid, glycemic, and blood pressure benefits for following a carefully constructed, weight-maintaining, healty diet, regard-less of protein source.
Low-Carbohydrate Diet and Type 2 Diabetes Risk in Japanese Men and Women: The Japan Public Health Center-Based Prospective Study; Objective Evidence is sparse and contradictory regarding the association between low-carbohydrate diet score and type 2 diabetes risk, and no prospective study examined the association among Asians, who consume greater amount of carbohydrate. We prospectively investigated the association of low-carbohydrate diet score with type 2 diabetes risk. Methods Participants were 27,799 men and 36,875 women aged 45-75 years who participated in the second survey of the Japan Public Health Center-Based Prospective Study and who had no history of diabetes. Dietary intake was ascertained by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire, and low-carbohydrate diet score was calculated from total carbohydrate, fat, and protein intake. The scores for high animal protein and fat or for high plant protein and fat were also calculated. Odds ratios of self-reported, physician-diagnosed type 2 diabetes over 5-year were estimated by using logistic regression. Results During the 5-year period, 1191 new cases of type 2 diabetes were self-reported. Low-carbohydrate diet score for high total protein and fat was significantly associated with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes in women (P for trend < 0.001); the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio of type 2 diabetes for the highest quintile of the score were 0.63 (95% confidence interval 0.46-0.84), compared with those for the lowest quintile. Additional adjustment for dietary glycemic load attenuated the association (odds ratio 0.75, 95% confidence interval 0.45-1.25). When the score separated for animal and for plant protein and fat, the score for high animal protein and fat was inversely associated with type 2 diabetes in women, whereas the score for high plant protein and fat was not associated in both men and women. Discussion Low-carbohydrate diet was associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes in Japanese women and this association may be partly attributable to high intake of white rice. The association for animal-based and plant-based low-carbohydrate diet warrants further investigation.
Risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in two groups of Hispanic Americans with differing dietary habits; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine if Hispanic Seventh-Day Adventists (SDAs), who typically eat a diet lower in fat, saturated fat and protein, and higher in complex carbohydrates and dietary fiber than the usual omnivorous diet, exhibit lower risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and Type 2 diabetes compared to Hispanic Catholic omnivores. Methods: Anthropometric characteristics, dietary intake, blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose and insulin, as well as plasma ascorbic acid and vitamin E concentrations, were measured in two groups of Hispanic study participants residing in Denver, Colorado: 74 SDA study participants (x age: 42+/-1.5 y) and 45 Catholic participants (x age: 44+/-2.2 y). Results: The SDAs reported lower dietary intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol and higher relative intakes of carbohydrate and dietary fiber compared to their Catholic counterparts. The SDAs exhibited significantly lower body mass index (BMI=27.2+/-0.6) and waist-to-hip ratios (WHR=0.84+/-0.01) compared to the Catholics (BMI=31.4+/-1.1; WHR=0.88+/-0.01). The SDAs, compared to the Catholics, had lower fasting insulin (11.4+/-0.6 vs. 18.9+/-3.1 mu u/ml) and glucose concentrations (88.6+/-1.1 vs 104.1+/-5.4 mg/dl). The SDA Hispanics, compared to the Catholic Hispanics, exhibited significantly lower values for systolic blood pressure (SBP=110+/-2 vs 118+/-3 mm Hg), serum total cholesterol (STC=198+/-5 vs 214+/-6 mg/dl) and serum triglycerides (TG=152+/-12 vs 232+/-27) and higher serum concentrations of high-density Lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C=44.7+/-1.3 vs 39.1+/-1.4 mg/dl) and ascorbic acid (1.14+/-0.08 vs 0.87+/-0.07 mg/dl). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and vitamin E concentrations were not significantly different between groups, but the SDAs exhibited lower ratios of STC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C. Conclusion: Hispanic American SDAs, who eat a plant-based diet, exhibit a more favorable blood lipid profile, lower blood pressure and lower risk for Type 2 diabetes compared to Hispanic American Catholics, who do not eat a plant-based diet.
Prebiotics from acorn and sago prevent high-fat-diet-induced insulin resistance via microbiome-gut-brain axis modulation; Role of gut microbiome in obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) became apparent from several independent studies indicating that gut microbiome modulators like prebiotics may improve microbiome perturbations (dysbiosis) to ameliorate metabolic derangements. We herein isolate water soluble, nondigestible polysaccharides from five plant-based foods (acorn, quinoa, sunflower, pumpkin seeds and sago) and assess their impact on human fecal microbiome and amelioration of high-fat-diet (HFD)-induced obesity/T2D in mice. During polysaccharide isolation, purification, biochemical and digestion resistance characterization, and fermentation pattern by human fecal microbiome, we select acorn- and sago-derived prebiotics (on the basis of relatively higher purity and yield and lower protein contamination) and examine their effects in comparison to inulin. Prebiotics treatments in human fecal microbiome culture system not only preserve microbial diversity but also appear to foster beneficial bacteria and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs). Feeding of acorn- and sago-derived prebiotics ameliorates HFD-induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in mice, with effects comparatively superior to those seen in inulin-fed mice. Feeding of both of novel prebiotics as well as inulin increases SCFAs levels in the mouse gut. Interestingly, gut hyperpermeability and mucosal inflammatory markers were significantly reduced upon prebiotics feeding in HFD-fed mice. Hypothalamic energy signaling in terms of increased expression of pro-opiomelanocortin was also modulated by prebiotics administration. Results demonstrate that these (and/or such) novel prebiotics can ameliorate HFD-induced defects in glucose metabolism via positive modulation of gut-microbiome-brain axis and hence could be useful in preventing/treating diet-induced obesity/T2D. (C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The effect of dietary protein source on serum lipids: Secondary data analysis from a randomized clinical trial; BACKGROUND: Plant-based diets can lower serum lipids. Whether soy foods offer additional benefits remains controversial. OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of different protein sources on serum lipids and glucose metabolism, emphasizing comparisons between soy and nonsoy plant based diets. METHODS: Secondary data analysis. A total of 173 postmenopausal women were randomized to 1 of 4 weighed metabolic diets for 6 weeks. Diets were equivalent in energy, protein, and fat with at least 80% of protein from either nondairy animal, dairy, nonsoy plant, or soy foods. At baseline and week 6, total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, glucose, and insulin were measured. Changes in variables during the diet period were compared within and among groups using t tests and analysis of variance. RESULTS: TC decreased 38.8 mg/dL in soy group (P < .001 vs dairy and animal) and 30.5 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .003 vs dairy,.03 vs animal). LDL decreased 28.3 mg/dL in soy group (P <.001 vs dairy and animal) and 20.6 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .005 vs dairy, .06 vs animal). HDL decreased 12 mg/dL in soy group (P = .003 vs dairy, .0008 vs animal) and 10 mg/dL in nonsoy plant group (P = .05 vs dairy, .04 vs animal). There were no significant differences in lipid changes between soy and nonsoy plant based diets. No differences among groups in changes in triglycerides, glucose, or insulin were seen. CONCLUSIONS: Soy and nonsoy plant based diets reduced TC and LDL with no significant difference between them. Further studies are needed to determine the specific lipid-lowering components of both soy and nonsoy plant foods. (C) 2016 National Lipid Association. All rights reserved.
The effect of a vegetarian versus conventional hypocaloric diet on serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants in patients with type 2 diabetes; Background and aims: The aim of this study was to explore the effect of a vegetarian versus conventional diet on the serum levels of persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in patients with T2D after 12 weeks of dietary intervention and to assess their relationships with metabolic parameters. Methods and results: Men and women with T2D were randomly assigned to follow either a vegetarian diet without fish or meat (n = 37) or an isocaloric conventional antidiabetic diet (n = 37). Both diets were energy restricted (minus 500 kcal/day). All foods were provided to the participants. At randomization (week 0) and 12 weeks, the meal test was performed to assess the beta-cell function and serum levels of 24 POPs. Dioxins and dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by isotope dilution high-resolution gas chromatography (HRGC) and mass spectrometry after cleanup of the silica and carbon columns. Non-dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by gas chromatography with an electron capture detector (GC-ECD). Statistical analyses used were repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA), a multivariate regression model, and Pearson's correlations. We observed a statistically nonsignificant trend toward increases in the serum levels of most POPs in response to both hypocaloric diets with no differences between groups. In the groups combined, the change in serum concentrations of total POPs was correlated to changes in HbA1c (r = +0.34; p < 0.01), fasting plasma glucose (r = -0.41; p < 0.01) levels, and beta-cell function measured as insulin secretion at a reference glucose level (r = -0.37; p < 0.01), independent of the changes in body weight and volume of visceral fat. Conclusion: Short-term hypocaloric vegetarian and conventional diets did not reduce the POP levels, possibly due to mobilization of fat stores. Our findings support the relationship between POPs and diabetes, especially beta-cell function. (C) 2016 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The effect of dietary polyphenols on intestinal absorption of glucose and fructose: Relation with obesity and type 2 diabetes; Polyphenols are a group of substances present in plant-based foods such as apples and in plant-based beverages such as red wine. This review shows that polyphenols interfere with intestinal sugar transporters, modulating their function and altering glucose and fructose absorption. Inhibition of intestinal glucose and fructose absorption contributes to the effect of polyphenols in reducing postprandial glycemia, altering the apparent glycemic index of foods and decreasing body mass index. The possible implication of these findings on type 2 diabetes and obesity is a matter of growing interest, as shown by the rise on publications on this subject.
Mediterranean diet as the diet of choice for patients with chronic kidney disease; Traditional dietary management of chronic kidney disease (CKD) focuses on the quantity within the diet of energy and protein, and the restriction of single micronutrients, with little mention of dietary quality. Dietary patterns that are more plant-based, lower in meat (including processed meat), sodium and refined sugar, and have a higher content of grains and fibres are now included in multiple clinical guidelines for chronic disease prevention. The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been associated with reduced cardiovascular disease incidence in both observational and interventional studies. A wealth of evidence links MD with other beneficial effects on chronic diseases such as diabetes, obesity or cognitive health. This review examines each constituent of the classical MD and evaluates their suitability for the management of patients with CKD. We also evaluate the potential hyperkalaemia risk of increasing fruit and vegetable intake. Overall, a decrease in net endogenous acid production and increase in fibre may lead to a better control of metabolic acidosis. This, together with other putative favourable effects of MD on endothelial function, inflammation, lipid profile and blood pressure, provide mechanistic pathways to explain the observed reduced renal function decline and improved survival in CKD patients adhering to an MD.
Dietary fat and risk of type 2 diabetes; Purpose of review Nutrition recommendations emphasize that not only dietary fat quantity but also fat quality plays a role in the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of this review is to summarize the evidence for dietary fat and risk of T2D, to highlight recent findings and point out future research directions. Recent findings Total fat intake was not associated with risk of T2D, whereas the findings on fatty acids (FAs) and risk of T2D were controversial. Recent findings suggested that FAs from the same classes (e.g. omega-6 FAs) but different sources might be differently associated with the risk of T2D, with indication for an association with lower risk of T2D for plant-based and higher risk/no association for animal-based FAs. In addition, differences between populations from different geographic areas might exist, but no interaction effects for fat intake and genetic predisposition were observed regarding T2D risk. The simultaneous investigation of different fats and dietary patterns can provide important and meaningful insights into these associations. Summary The evidence for the association between dietary fat intake and risk of T2D is not conclusive yet. To strengthen the evidence, the complexity of the different associations of dietary fats should be considered in well conducted future studies.
Associations between socio-economic status and dietary patterns in US black and white adults; Socio-economic status (SES) has been associated with measures of diet quality; however, such measures have not directly captured overall eating practices in individuals. Based on the factor analysis of fifty-six food groups from FFQ, associations between patterns of food consumption and SES were examined in a nationwide sample of 17062 black (34.6%) and white participants (age >45 years) from the REasons for Geographic And Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) study. Logistic regression models adjusted for age, sex, racial group and geographic region were used to examine adherence to five emergent dietary patterns (convenience, plant-based, sweets/fats, southern and alcohol/salads) according to four levels each of individual education, household income and community-level SES. Further models assessed adherence to these dietary patterns by racial group, and an overall model including both racial groups examined whether the relationships between SES and adherence to these dietary patterns differed among black and white participants. For all the three measures of SES, higher SES had been associated with greater adherence to plant-based and alcohol/salads patterns, but lower adherence to sweets/fats and southern patterns. Statistically significant differences between black and white participants were observed in the associations between household income and adherence to alcohol/salads, individual education and adherence to plant-based and sweets/fats, and community SES and adherence to convenience patterns. As adherence to dietary patterns has been shown to be associated with health outcomes in this population (e.g. stroke), the present study offers valuable insight into behavioural and environmental factors that may contribute to health disparities in the diverse US population.
Natural Products Derived from the Mediterranean Diet with Antidiabetic Activity: From Insulin Mimetic Hypoglycemic to Nutriepigenetic Modulator Compounds; Background: The Mediterranean diet is a healthy eating pattern that protects against the development of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), a metabolic disease characterized by elevated blood sugar levels due to pancreatic beta-cell functional impairment and insulin resistance in various tissues. Inspired by the ancient communities, this diet emphasizes eating primarily plant-based foods, including vegetables, legumes, fruits, cereals, and nuts. Importantly, virgin olive oil is used as the principal source of fat. Red meat is consumed in low amounts while wine and fish are consumed moderately. Objective: Here, we review the most beneficial components of the Mediterranean Diet and tentative mechanisms of action for prevention and/or management of T2DM, based on research conducted within the last decade. Methods: The references over the last five years have been reviewed and they have been selected properly according to inclusion/ exclusion criteria. Results: Several bioactive diet components were evaluated to prevent inflammation and cytokine-induced oxidative damage, reduce glucose concentration, carbohydrate absorption and increase insulin sensitivity and related gene expression. Conclusion: The adherence to a healthy lifestyle, including diet, exercise and habits remains the best approach for the prevention of diabetes as well as frequent check-ups and education. Though diabetes has a strong genetic component, in recent years many reports strongly point to the critical role of lifestyle specific epigenetic modifications in the development of T2DM. It remains to be established how different components of the Mediterranean Diet interact and influence the epigenetic landscape to prevent or treat the disease.
Physiologic and Weight-Focused Treatment Strategies for Managing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Metformin, Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonist, and Insulin (MGI) Approach; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is rising in association with an increase in obesity rates. Current treatment options for patients with T2DM include lifestyle modifications and numerous antidiabetic medications. Despite the availability of effective and well-tolerated treatments, many patients do not achieve recommended glycemic targets. Lack of efficacy is complicated by the wide range of available agents and little specificity in treatment guidelines, thus challenging clinicians to understand the relative benefits and risks of individual options for each patient. In this article, lifestyle intervention strategies and current antidiabetic agents are evaluated for their efficacy, safety, and weight-loss potential. Because of the heterogeneous and progressive nature of T2DM, physicians should advocate approaches that emphasize weight management, limit the risk of hypoglycemia and adverse events, and focus on the core pathophysiologic defects in patients with T2DM. A healthy, plant-based diet that is low in saturated fat and refined carbohydrates but high in whole grains, vegetables, legumes, and fruits, coupled with resistance and aerobic exercise regimens, are recommended for patients with T2DM. When necessary, drug intervention, described in this article as the MGI (metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, and insulin) approach, should begin with metformin and progress to the early addition of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists because of their weight loss potential and ability to target multiple pathophysiologic defects in patients with T2DM. For most patients, treatments that induce weight gain and hypoglycemia should be avoided. Long-acting insulin should be initiated if glycemic control is not achieved with metformin and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist combination therapy, focusing on long-acting insulin analogs that induce the least weight gain and have the lowest hypoglycemic risk. Ultimately, a patient-centered treatment approach that addresses the core pathologies of T2DM and obesity will not only increase overall efficacy and the likelihood that a patient adheres to treatment, but may also improve a patient's mental well-being and quality of life.
Beyond Sodium, Phosphate and Potassium: Potential Dietary Interventions in Kidney Disease; People with kidney disease are advised to restrict individual nutrients, such as sodium, potassium, and phosphate, in line with current best practice guidelines. However, there is limited evidence to support the efficacy of single nutrient strategies, and compliance remains a challenge for clinicians to overcome. Many factors contribute to poor compliance with dietary prescriptions, including conflicting priorities for single nutrient restriction, the arduous self-monitoring required, and the health-related knock-on effects resulting from targeting these nutrients in isolation. This paper reviews the evidence base for the overall pattern of eating as a potential tool to deliver a diet intervention in which all the nutrients and foods work cumulatively and synergistically to improve clinical outcomes. These interventions may assist in kidney disease management and overcome these innate challenges that single nutrient interventions possess. Healthy dietary patterns are typically plant-based and lower in sodium and animal proteins. These patterns may have numerous mechanistic benefits for cardiovascular health in kidney disease, most notably through the increase in fruit, vegetables, and plant-based protein, as well as improved gut health through the increase in dietary fiber. The evidence to date on optimal dietary patterns points toward use of a predominantly plant-based diet, and suggests its adoption may improve clinical outcomes in dialysis patients. However, clinical trials are needed to determine whether these diet interventions are feasible, safe, and effective in this patient population.
Effects of <i>n</i>-3 fatty acid supplements on glycemic traits in Chinese type 2 diabetic patients: A double-blind randomized controlled trial; Scope: To investigate the effects of n-3 fatty acid supplements, both marine and plant-based, on glycemic traits in Chinese type 2 diabetes patients. Method and results: In a double-blind randomized controlled trial, 185 recruited Chinese type 2 diabetes patients were randomized to either fish oil (FO, n = 63), flaxseed oil (FSO, n = 61), or corn oil group (served as control group, n = 61) for 180 days. The patients were asked to take corresponding oil capsules (four capsules/day), which totally provided 2 g/day of eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid in FO group and 2.5 g/day of alpha-linolenic acid in FSO group. No group x time interaction was observed for homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, fasting insulin, or glucose. Significant group x time interaction (P = 0.035) was observed for glycated hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA1c), with HbA1c decreased in FO group compared with corn oil group (P = 0.037). We also found significant group x time interactions for lipid traits, including LDL cholesterol (P = 0.043), total cholesterol (P = 0.021), total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol (P = 0.009), and triacylglycerol (P = 0.003), with the lipid profiles improved in FO group. No significant effects of FSO on glycemic traits or blood lipids were observed. Conclusions: Marine n-3 PUFA supplements may improve glycemic control and lipid profiles among Chinese type 2 diabetic patients.
Type of vegetarian diet, obesity and diabetes in adult Indian population; Background: To investigate the prevalence of obesity and diabetes among adult men and women in India consuming different types of vegetarian diets compared with those consuming non-vegetarian diets. Methods: We used cross-sectional data of 156,317 adults aged 20-49 years who participated in India's third National Family Health Survey (2005-06). Association between types of vegetarian diet (vegan, lacto-vegetarian, lacto-ovo vegetarian, pesco-vegetarian, semi-vegetarian and non-vegetarian) and self-reported diabetes status and measured body mass index (BMI) were estimated using multivariable logistic regression adjusting for age, gender, education, household wealth, rural/urban residence, religion, caste, smoking, alcohol use, and television watching. Results: Mean BMI was lowest in pesco-vegetarians (20.3 kg/m(2)) and vegans (20.5 kg/m(2)) and highest in lacto-ovo vegetarian (21.0 kg/m(2)) and lacto-vegetarian (21.2 kg/m(2)) diets. Prevalence of diabetes varied from 0.9% (95% CI: 0.8-1.1) in person consuming lacto-vegetarian, lacto-ovo vegetarian (95% CI: 0.6-1.3) and semi-vegetarian (95% CI: 0.7-1.1) diets and was highest in those persons consuming a pesco-vegetarian diet (1.4%; 95% CI: 1.0-2.0). Consumption of a lacto-(OR: 0.67; 95% CI: 0.58-0.76; p < 0.01), lacto-ovo (OR: 0.70; 95% CI: 0.51-0.96; p = 0.03) and semi-vegetarian (OR: 0.77; 95% CI: 0.60-0.98; p = 0.03) diet was associated with a lower likelihood of diabetes than a non-vegetarian diet in the adjusted analyses. Conclusions: In this large, nationally representative sample of Indian adults, lacto-, lacto-ovo and semi-vegetarian diets were associated with a lower likelihood of diabetes. These findings may assist in the development of interventions to address the growing burden of overweight/obesity and diabetes in Indian population. However, prospective studies with better measures of dietary intake and clinical measures of diabetes are needed to clarify this relationship.
An extract of <i>Syzygium aromaticum</i> represses genes encoding hepatic gluconeogenic enzymes; Insulin action is impaired in diabetic patients, which leads to increased hepatic glucose production. Plants and herbs have been used for medicinal purposes, including the treatment of diabetes, for centuries. Since dietary management is a starting point for the treatment of diabetes, it is important to recognize the effect of plant-based compounds on tissues that regulate glucose metabolism, such as the liver. In a recent study, several herbs and spices were found to increase glucose uptake into adipocytes, an insulin-like effect. Our data reveal that Syzygium aromaticum (L.) Merrill and Perry (Myrtaceae) (commonly referred to as clove) extract acts like insulin in hepatocytes and hepatoma cells by reducing phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and glucose 6-phosphatase (G6Pase) gene expression. Much like insulin, clove-mediated repression is reversed by PI3K inhibitors and N-acetylcysteine (NAC). A more global analysis of gene expression by DNA microarray, analysis reveals that clove and insulin regulate the expression of many of the same genes in a similar manner. These results demonstrate that consumption of certain plant-based diets may have beneficial effects for the treatment of diabetes and indicate a potential role for compounds derived from clove as insulin-mimetic agents. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial of a Nutrition Intervention Program in a Multiethnic Adult Population in the Corporate Setting Reduces Depression and Anxiety and Improves Quality of Life: The GEICO Study; Purpose. To determine whether a plant-based nutrition program in a multicenter, corporate setting improves depression, anxiety, and productivity. Design. A quasi-experimental study examined the impact of diet on emotional well-being and productivity. Setting. The study was conducted in 10 corporate sites of a major US. insurance company. Subjects. There were 292 participants (79.8% women, 20.2% men), with body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Intervention. Either weekly instruction in following a vegan diet or no instruction was given for 18 weeks. Measures. Depression and anxiety were measured using the Short Form-36 questionnaire. Work productivity was measured using the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment questionnaire. Analysis. Baseline characteristics were examined by t-test for continuous variables and chi(2) test for categorical variables. Analysis of covariance models were adjusted for baseline covariates. Paired t-tests were used to determine within-group changes and t-tests for between-group differences. Results. In an intention-to-treat analysis, improvements in impairment because of health (p<.001), overall work impairment because of health (p = .02), non-work-related activity impairment because of health (p<.001), depression (p = .02), anxiety (p = .04), fatigue (p<.001), emotional well-being (p =.01) daily functioning because of physical health (p = .01), and general health (p = 0.02) in the intervention group were significantly greater than in the control group. Results were similar for study completers. Conclusion. A dietary intervention improves depression, anxiety, and productivity in a multicenter, corporate setting
Gut permeability and intestinal mucins, invertase, and peroxidase in control and diabetes-prone BB rats fed either a protective or a diabetogenic diet; This study deals with the enteropathy recently identified in diabetes-prone BB rats (BBdp). Diabetes-resistant BB rats (BBc) and BBdp rats were fed from days 32-39 onward either a protective diabetes-retardant hydrolyzed casein diet (HC) or a plant-based diabetogenic (NTP) diet. The NTP diet decreased body weight and plasma insulin in BBc and BBdp rats. The BBdp rats displayed low intestinal invertase and increased intestinal peroxidase activity. In the BBdp rats fed the HC diet, the mucin content 30-35 cm below the pylorus was higher and the gut permeability lower than in the other three rat groups. There was a significant inverse correlation between gut permeability and the insulinogenic index in the BBdp rats fed the HC or NTP diet. Thus, in BBdp rats, the HC diet somehow prevents the increase in gut permeability and the decrease in the insulinogenic index otherwise found in some of these diabetes-prone animals.
LOW INCIDENCE OF AUTOIMMUNE TYPE-I DIABETES IN BB RATS FED A HYDROLYZED CASEIN-BASED DIET ASSOCIATED WITH EARLY INHIBITION OF NON-MACROPHAGE-DEPENDENT HYPEREXPRESSION OF MHC CLASS-I MOLECULES ON BETA-CELLS; Diabetes-prone BioBreeding (DPBB) rats were fed a diabetogenic, mainly plant-based rodent diet, Purina Chow 5001, or a diabetes-retardant, hydrolysed casein-based diet. The expression of MHC class I antigens on pancreatic beta cells occurred at around 25 days of age in Purina Chow-fed rats, and progressively increased with the length of time of feeding with the Purina diet. Most of the Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats revealed hyperexpression of MHC class I antigens on their pancreatic beta cells by 50 days of age. Approximately 92% of the hyper-expressed Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats developed severe insulitis and diabetes. In contrast, the majority of hydrolysed casein-fed DPBB rats did not show MHC class I antigen hyperexpression and these rats failed to develop insulitis or diabetes. Purina Chow-fed Wistar-Furth rats and diabetes-resistant BioBreeding (DRBB) rats showed only very weak background staining for MHC class I antigens on their beta cells. When Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats were treated with silica to inhibit macrophage infiltration into the pancreatic islets, the hyperexpression of MHC class I antigens was seen even more clearly, as beta cells remained intact. MHC class II antigens were not detected on pancreatic beta cells from DPBB, DRBB or Wistar-Furth rats, regardless of their diet. On the basis of these observations, we concluded that hyperexpression of MHC class I antigens on pancreatic beta cells was mainly restricted to Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats and that suppression of non-macrophage-dependent MHC class I antigen hyperexpression on pancreatic beta cells by a hydrolysed casein-based diet resulted in the prevention of insulitis and diabetes.
Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice; Dietary methionine restriction (MR) is well known to reduce body weight by increasing energy expenditure (EE) and insulin sensitivity. An elevated concentration of circulating fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been implicated as a potential underlying mechanism. The aims of our study were to test whether dietary MR in the context of a high-fat regimen protects against type 2 diabetes in mice and to investigate whether vegan and vegetarian diets, which have naturally low methionine levels, modulate circulating FGF21 in humans. New Zealand obese (NZO) mice, a model for polygenic obesity and type 2 diabetes, were placed on isocaloric high-fat diets (protein, 16 kcal%; carbohydrate, 52 kcal%; fat, 32 kcal%) that provided methionine at control (Con; 0.86% methionine) or low levels (0.17%) for 9 wk. Markers of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity were analyzed. Among humans, low methionine intake and circulating FGF21 levels were investigated by comparing a vegan and a vegetarian diet to an omnivore diet and evaluating the effect of a short-term vegetarian diet on FGF21 induction. In comparison with the Con group, MR led to elevated plasma FGF21 levels and prevented the onset of hyperglycemia in NZO mice. MR-fed mice exhibited increased insulin sensitivity, higher plasma adiponectin levels, increased EE, and up-regulated expression of thermogenic genes in subcutaneous white adipose tissue. Food intake and fat mass did not change. Plasma FGF21 levels were markedly higher in vegan humans compared with omnivores, and circulating FGF21 levels increased significantly in omnivores after 4 d on a vegetarian diet. These data suggest that MR induces FGF21 and protects NZO mice from high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. The normoglycemic phenotype in vegans and vegetarians may be caused by induced FGF21. MR akin to vegan and vegetarian diets in humans may offer metabolic benefits via increased circulating levels of FGF21 and merits further investigation.-Castano-Martinez, T., Schumacher, F., Schumacher, S., Kochlik, B., Weber, D., Grune, T., Biemann, R., McCann, A., Abraham, K., Weikert, C., Kleuser, B., Schurmann, A., Laeger, T. Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice.
Weight control in occupational subjects: efficacy of a natural vegetarian replacement raw meal included in a moderately low-calorie-diet; As is well known, obesity often leads to insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and oxidative stress contributing to cardiovascular diseases. A change in lifestyle could reduce obesity-related risk factors with, for example, short lunch breaks, nowadays more frequently prescribed as meal replacements by doctors. GoJuvo(R) is a new commercial plant-based vegetarian meal with low glycaemia index food. Very few data are available on its metabolic effects; our aim was to verify, by assessing nutritional parameters, if GoJuvo(R) nutritional claims were confirmed by scientific tests. Thirty four occupational overweight-obese subjects' anthropometric parameters, glycaemia status, lipid panel and oxidative status (Reactive Oxygen Species, ROS; Total Antioxidant Capacity, TAC; oxidized LDL, ox-LDL) were evaluated at baseline (T0); after 1 month's GoJuvo(R) diet-therapy included in a moderately low-calorie-diet program, only anthropometric parameters were re-evaluated. At T0 HOMA-IR index was slightly above average with high inter-individual variability; the majority of subjects' oxidative status was altered without dyslipidemia. The use of GoJuvo(R) as an alternative to meals, associated with a diet low in calories and slightly higher in proteins, helped reduce weight by 4.6%, BMI by 4.2%, waist circumference by 2.9%. According to our study, GoJuvo(R) plays a more important role in controlling hunger, satiety and food intake of calories than a traditional meal. Due to the short duration of GoJuvo(R) treatment (1 month), we could not ascertain whether its fibre content also modulates the metabolic indices associated with type2 diabetes development and possible anti-oxidant effect. Interestingly, all subjects lost a significant amount of weight and, as a result, their physical appearance and lifestyle improved significantly.
PHYTOCHEMICALS AND COMPLICATIONS IN TYPE 2 DIABETES-AN UPDATE; Type 2 diabetes is a serious health problem globally. In type 2 diabetes insulin resistance in various tissues such as liver, muscle and beta-cell is the major pathophysiological defects. People with long term uncontrolled hyperglycemia are at risk of developing a number of serious and life-threatening complications which mainly affect the heart and blood vessels, eyes, kidneys, and nerves. Current drug development strategy has focused towards the control of hyperglycemia but the treatment of severe complications has been neglected. Many herbs including Momordica charantia, Coccinia indica, Ficus carica, Gymnema sylvestre, Ocimum santum and many more have traditionally been used for the treatment of diabetes and associated complications. Natural products have been reported to have their efficacy in diabetes and its complications by protecting pancreatic beta-cells, increasing insulin sensitivity, reducing oxidative stress and by targeting various proteins. Thus, now a day plant based natural product (phytoconstituents) have been the basis of drug development program for the treatment of various diseases. The present review summarizes the latest updates on phytochemicals from different class of secondary metabolites with potential effect in type 2 diabetic complications.
Role of resveratrol in the management of insulin resistance and related conditions: Mechanism of action; Resveratrol (RES), a well-known antioxidant, is present in numerous plant species and, as a result, is easily obtained through dietary intake of plant-based foods and beverages. Several studies suggest that RES has anti-carcinogenic, anti-microbial, and anti-viral effects. It may also have beneficial metabolic properties that result in mitigation of insulin resistance (IR) and related metabolic abnormalities, including dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia through regulation of gene expression or the activity of rate-limiting enzymes. A large body of evidence supports the beneficial effects of RES in the management and treatment of IR, type 2 diabetes, and related complications through a multitude of mechanisms. This review article focuses on the mechanisms of action of RES, the mechanisms leading to improved insulin sensitivity, and its clinical role in the management and treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Ethnopharmacological values of cassava and its potential for diabetes and dyslipidemia management: Knowledge survey and critical review of report; Background: Beyond nutritional values are the pharmacological potentials of cassava comparative with other staple carbohydrate plant-based foods such as wheat. The knowledge of applicability to diabetes and its cardiovascular complications management seems not just limited but unacknowledged. As a preliminary study, a community's knowledge of pharmacological value of cassava is investigated. Methods: Descriptive observational study using questionnaire-based "cross-sectional" survey was conducted. 136 Participants completed the survey and 101 respondents were selected for evaluation. Open-ended questions were used qualitatively to generate experience and view cassava values for diabetes and dyslipidemia. While categorical (yes or no) questions were used quantitatively to generate numerical results for diabetes, critical reanalysis of a report data was performed, especially comparing carbohydrate/fiber and fat/fiber ratios of cassava with wheat in view of dyslipidemia. Result: On the positive side, 42% of the participants believe that cassava has medicinal values. This includes 6% (among the 42) who believes that the plant is useful in treating diabetes and 24% who do not know it may be useful in diabetes management. Critical review showed that cassava may contribute up to sixteen times more fiber and four times less digestible sugar, as well as carbohydrate/fiber and fat/fiber ratios being 14 and 55 times less than wheat. Conclusion: There is evidence that relative to wheat flour meal, for instance, cassava contributes less fat and much more fiber. Since fat is pro-obesity, which in turn is pro-diabetic/metabolic syndrome; and fiber is anti-dyslipidemic; cassava has pharmacological values to be appreciated over some carbohydrate plant-based foods.
Comparative Evaluation of Biomarkers of Inflammation Among Indian Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Consuming Vegetarian vs. Non-vegetarian Diet; Background: Sub-inflammation and insulin resistance characterize women with PCOS. Data on dietary modulation of inflammation among PCOS women is scant, particularly from Indian subcontinent. The present study aimed to assess the effect of plant based vs. animal origin diets on serum markers of inflammation (primary outcome measure). Methods: This observational case-control study compared age and BMI matched PCOS and apparently healthy women from two populations following different dietary practices. The vegetarian women from New-Delhi (n = 82 PCOS and n = 179 healthy) and non-vegetarian women from Srinagar (n = 62 PCOS and n = 141 healthy) formed the groups. Using a uniform methodology, detailed clinical, biochemical, hormonal, and inflammatory marker assessment was undertaken. Results: The mean age of the overall cohort was 26.23 +/- 4.59 years with a mean BMI of 24.39 +/- 3.72 kg/m(2). Overall pro-inflammatory markers (TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-1 beta, hs-CRP and serum resistin) were significantly higher (p <= 0.05) and anti-inflammatory markers (IL-10 and adiponectin) were lower among women with PCOS than healthy subjects. On comparing vegetarian women with non-vegetarians, higher daily calorie intake (1895.46 +/- 258.19 vs. 1860.13 +/- 323.96 Kcal) with a higher protein and fat and lower carbohydrate intake was recorded in the latter, although the percent energy derived from carbohydrates was higher among vegetarians. Clinical and biochemical parameters were comparable among the groups except mFG score, total serum testosterone and serum lipid levels which were higher among non-vegetarian women as compared to their vegetarian counterparts from both categories (PCOS and healthy). Interestingly, vegetarian women with PCOS and healthy women had higher serum pro-inflammatory and lower anti-inflammatory markers compared to their non-vegetarian counterparts. Conclusion: Women with PCOS consuming Indian vegetarian diet have higher pro-inflammatory and lower anti-inflammatory marker levels than their age and BMI matched healthy non-vegetarian counterparts. This interesting observation can be attributed to the dietary composition, among other factors and needs confirmation from well-designed randomized studies on a larger cohort.
Toward improved management of NIDDM: A randomized, controlled, pilot intervention using a lowfat, vegetarian diet; Objective. To investigate whether glycemic and lipid control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) can be significantly improved using a lowfat, vegetarian (vegan) diet in the absence of recommendations regarding exercise or other lifestyle changes, Methods. Eleven subjects with NIDDM recruited from the Georgetown University Medical Center or the local community were randomly assigned to a lowfat vegan diet (seven subjects) or a conventional lowfat diet (four subjects). Two additional subjects assigned to the control group failed to complete the study. The diets were not designed to be isocaloric. Easting serum glucose, body weight, medication use, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and biweekly thereafter for 12 weeks. Serum lipids, glycosylated hemoglobin, urinary albumin, and dietary macronutrients were assessed at baseline and 12 weeks. Results. Although the sample was intentionally small in accordance with the pilot study design, the 28% mean reduction in fasting serum glucose of the experimental group, from 10.7 to 7.75 mmol/L (195 to 141 mg/dl), was significantly greater than the 12% decrease, from 9.86 to 8.64 mmol/L (119 to 157 mg/dl), for the control group (P < 0.05). The mean weight loss was 7.2 kg in the experimental group, compared to 3.8 kg for the control group (P < 0.005). Of six experimental group subjects on oral hypoglycemic agents, medication use was discontinued in one and reduced in three. Insulin was reduced in both experimental group patients on insulin. No patient in the control group reduced medication use. Differences between the diet groups in the reductions of serum cholesterol and 24-h microalbuminuria did not reach statistical significance; however, high-density lipoprotein concentration fell more sharply (0.20 mmol/L) in the experimental group than in the control group (0.02 mmol/L) (P < 0.05). Conclusion. The use of a lowfat, vegetarian diet in patients with NIDDM was associated with significant reductions in fasting serum glucose concentration and body weight in the absence of recommendations for exercise. A larger study is needed for confirmation. (C) 1999 American Health Foundation and Academic Press.
Type of Vegetarian Diet, Body Weight, and Prevalence of Type 2 Diabetes; OBJECTIVE - We assessed the prevalence Of type 2 diabetes in people following different types of vegetarian diets compared with that in nonvegetarians. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The study population comprised 22,434 men and 38,469 women who participated in the Adventist Health Study-2 conducted in 2002-2006. We collected sell-reported demographic, anthropometric, medical history, and lifestyle data from Seventh-Day Adventist church members across North America. The type Of vegetarian diet,,vas categorized based on a food-frequency questionnaire. We calculated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs using multivariate-adjusted logistic regression. RESULTS - Mean BMI Was lowest in vegans (23.6 kg/m(2)) and incrementally higher in lacto-ovo vegetarians (25.7 kg/m(2)), pesco-vegetarians (26.3 kg/m(2)), semi-vegetarians (27.3 kg/m(2)), and nonvegetarians (28.8 kg/m(2)) Prevalence of type 2 diabetes increased from 2.9% in vegans to 7.6% in nonvegetarians; the prevalence was intermediate in participants consuming lacto-ovo (3.2%), pesco (4.8%), or semi-vegetarian (6.1%) diets. After adjustment for age, sex, ethnicity, education, income, physical activity, television watching, sleep habits, alcohol use, and BMI, vegans (OR 0.51 [95% CI 0.40-0.66]), lacto-ovo vegetarians (0.54 [0.49-0.60]), pesco-vegetarians (0.70 [0.6.1-0.80]), and semi-vegetarians (0.76 [0.65-0.90]) had a lower risk of type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. CONCLUSIONS - The 5-unit BMI difference between vegans and nonvegetarians indicates a substantial Potential of vegetarianism to protect against obesity. Increased conformity to vegetarian diets protected against risk Of type 2 diabetes after lifestyle characteristics and BMI were taken into account. Pesco- and semi-vegetarian diets afforded intermediate protection.
Pediatric Anti-Inflammatory Diet; The anti-inflammatory diet is based on two diets that have been shown to have many positive health effects-the Mediterranean diet and the Okinawan diet. The anti-inflammatory diet is more than just a prescription for healthy food, but rather a way of life characterized by a plant-based diet and a pattern of living that includes eating a diverse range of locally grown foods eaten in season, conviviality, culinary activities, physical activity, and rest. The Mediterranean diet has been shown to reduce the burden and even prevent the development of cardiovascular disease, breast cancer, depression, colorectal cancer, diabetes, obesity, asthma, and cognitive decline in adults. In children, there is emerging evidence demonstrating beneficial effects with regard to obesity, cardiorespiratory fitness, diabetes, fatty liver, academic performance, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, asthma, and allergies. Maternal ingestion of the diet during pregnancy has also been shown to have positive effects on infants and children.
Legume Consumption and Cardiometabolic Health; Legumes are key components of several plant-based diets and are recognized as having a wide range of potential health benefits. Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses have summarized the evidence regarding different cardiometabolic outcomes, such as cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes ( T2D), and legume consumption. However, those studies did not differentiate between nonsoy and soy legumes, which have different nutritional profiles. The aim of the present updated review, therefore, was to summarize and meta-analyze the published evidence regarding legume consumption (making a distinction between nonsoy and soy legumes) and cardiometabolic diseases. In addition, we reviewed randomized clinical trials assessing the effect of legume consumption on CVD risk factors in order to understand their associations. The results revealed a prospective, significant inverse association between total legume consumption and CVD and coronary heart disease risk, whereas a nonsignificant association was observed with T2D and stroke. In the stratified analysis by legume subtypes, only nonsoy legumes were associated with lower risk of T2D. Unfortunately, owing to the paucity of studies analyzing legumes and CVD, it was not possible to stratify the analysis for these outcomes. Because of the high degree of heterogeneity observed formost of the outcomes and the few studies included in some analyses, further prospective studies are warranted to determine the potential role of legume consumption on CVD and T2D.
The Potential of South African Herbal Tisanes, Rooibos and Honeybush in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disease that can lead to high morbidity, mortality and long-term complications. Available treatment strategies, which are mainly based on treating hyperglycemia, with insulin and other pharmacological agents are not completely efficient and can even lead to development of unwanted side effects. Scientific evidence suggests that bioactive compounds from teas and other plant-based foods, which are known source of natural antioxidants, could be an attractive strategy to preferentially treat and manage type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and thus, have significant therapeutic implications. In this review, we attempt an in-depth analysis and discussion of the current progress in our understanding of the antidiabetic potential of two commercialized South Africa herbal tisanesRooibos and Honeybush and their polyphenols.
The Fluid Aspect of the Mediterranean Diet in the Prevention and Management of Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes: The Role of Polyphenol Content in Moderate Consumption of Wine and Olive Oil; A growing interest has emerged in the beneficial effects of plant-based diets for the prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The Mediterranean diet, one of the most widely evaluated dietary patterns in scientific literature, includes in its nutrients two fluid foods: olive oil, as the main source of fats, and a low-to-moderate consumption of wine, mainly red, particularly during meals. Current mechanisms underlying the beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet include a reduction in inflammatory and oxidative stress markers, improvement in lipid profile, insulin sensitivity and endothelial function, as well as antithrombotic properties. Most of these effects are attributable to bioactive ingredients including polyphenols, mono- and poly-unsaturated fatty acids. Polyphenols are a heterogeneous group of phytochemicals containing phenol rings. The principal classes of red wine polyphenols include flavonols (quercetin and myricetin), flavanols (catechin and epicatechin), anthocyanin and stilbenes (resveratrol). Olive oil has at least 30 phenolic compounds. Among them, the main are simple phenols (tyrosol and hydroxytyrosol), secoroids and lignans. The present narrative review focuses on phenols, part of red wine and virgin olive oil, discussing the evidence of their effects on lipids, blood pressure, atheromatous plaque and glucose metabolism.
Diet and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Mediterranean Way; Lifestyle interventions remain the first-line treatment for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), even if the optimal alimentary regimen is still controversial. The interest in antioxidants has increased over time, and literature reports an inverse association between nutrients rich in antioxidants and the risk of mortality due to non-communicable diseases, including NAFLD. Mediterranean diet (MD) is a model characterized by main consumption of plant-based foods and fish and reduced consumption of meat and dairy products. MD represents the gold standard in preventive medicine, probably due to the harmonic combination of many foods with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. This regimen contributes substantially to the reduction of the onset of many chronic diseases as cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, cancer, and NAFLD. The present review aims to clarify the intake of antioxidants typical of the MD and evaluate their effect on NAFLD.
The long-term health of vegetarians and vegans; Vegetarians, who do not eat any meat, poultry or fish, constitute a significant minority of the world's population. Lacto-ovo-vegetarians consume dairy products and/or eggs, whereas vegans do not eat any foods derived wholly or partly from animals. Concerns over the health, environmental and economic consequences of a diet rich in meat and other animal products have focussed attention on those who exclude some or all of these foods from their diet. There has been extensive research into the nutritional adequacy of vegetarian diets, but less is known about the long-term health of vegetarians and vegans. We summarise the main findings from large cross-sectional and prospective cohort studies in western countries with a high proportion of vegetarian participants. Vegetarians have a lower prevalence of overweight and obesity and a lower risk of IHD compared with non-vegetarians from a similar background, whereas the data are equivocal for stroke. For cancer, there is some evidence that the risk for all cancer sites combined is slightly lower in vegetarians than in non-vegetarians, but findings for individual cancer sites are inconclusive. Vegetarians have also been found to have lower risks for diabetes, diverticular disease and eye cataract. Overall mortality is similar for vegetarians and comparable non-vegetarians, but vegetarian groups compare favourably with the general population. The long-term health of vegetarians appears to be generally good, and for some diseases and medical conditions it may be better than that of comparable omnivores. Much more research is needed, particularly on the long-term health of vegans.
Analysis and valuation of the health and climate change cobenefits of dietary change; What we eat greatly influences our personal health and the environment we all share. Recent analyses have highlighted the likely dual health and environmental benefits of reducing the fraction of animal-sourced foods in our diets. Here, we couple for the first time, to our knowledge, a region-specific global health model based on dietary and weight-related risk factors with emissions accounting and economic valuation modules to quantify the linked health and environmental consequences of dietary changes. We find that the impacts of dietary changes toward less meat and more plant-based diets vary greatly among regions. The largest absolute environmental and health benefits result from diet shifts in developing countries whereas Western high-income and middle-income countries gain most in per capita terms. Transitioning toward more plant-based diets that are in line with standard dietary guidelines could reduce global mortality by 6-10% and food-related greenhouse gas emissions by 29-70% compared with a reference scenario in 2050. We find that the monetized value of the improvements in health would be comparable with, or exceed, the value of the environmental benefits although the exact valuation method used considerably affects the estimated amounts. Overall, we estimate the economic benefits of improving diets to be 1-31 trillion US dollars, which is equivalent to 0.4-13% of global gross domestic product (GDP) in 2050. However, significant changes in the global food system would be necessary for regional diets to match the dietary patterns studied here.
Role of mushrooms in gestational diabetes mellitus; Many studies have shown that plant-based diets and Mediterranean diets can lower the risk of development of gestational diabetes mellitus. Plants have been the main source of medicines since ancient times. Despite tremendous advances in medicinal chemistry, synthetic drugs have not provided cures to many diseases due to their adverse side effects or diminution in response after prolonged use. Medicinal mushrooms have been used traditionally as an anti-diabetic food for centuries especially in countries such as China, Japan, India and Korea. These are source of natural bioactive compounds. The bioactive constituents are polysaccharides, proteins, dietary fibres, lectins, lactones, alkaloids, terpenoids, sterols and phenolic compounds which have various health benefits. This review will focus on recent examples of diverse types of mushrooms that have been validated by scientific evaluation as having promising activity for the prevention and/or treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus. Dietary components and plant-derived molecules can be used in the future to complement current treatment strategies for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Vegetarian Dietary Patterns as a Means to Achieve Reduction in Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes Risk Factors; Cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes are uncommon in people consuming vegetarian and vegan diets. Vegetarian and vegan dietary patterns tend to result in lower body weight and better nutritional profiles than conventional healthy eating patterns and have been shown to be an effective tool for management of cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk. The consistency of observed beneficial outcomes with vegetarian and vegan eating styles warrants the expansion of dietary guidelines for prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease and diabetes to include well-planned vegetarian dietary patterns as a viable alternative to conventional dietary treatments.
Potato: an Anti-Inflammatory Food; Some foods promote inflammation and some reduce it. Chronic intestinal inflammation drives a variety of diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), colon cancer, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and type 2 diabetes, which plagues society today. Because plant-based food is effective against chronic diseases via modulation of gut microbiota and inflammation, there is a growing interest in anti-inflammatory staple food crops. Potato contains anti-inflammatory components such as resistant starch, fiber, and anthocyanins. Given the wide variation in potato germplasm for these compounds, there exists an opportunity to further develop potato as a potent anti-inflammatory staple crop.
Evaluating the diet of children at increased risk for type 1 diabetes: first results from the TEENDIAB study; Objective: The development of type 1 diabetes (T1D) is potentially influenced by nutrition. The aim of our study was to assess food and nutrient intakes of children at increased risk of T1D. Design: Dietary intake of the last 4 weeks was assessed using a diet history interview. The daily nutrient and food intakes were compared with the German Dietary Reference Intakes, the Optimized Mixed Diet recommendations and those of a representative sample of children from the EsKiMo study. Setting: Children included in the analysis participated in the prospective TEENDIAB study. Subjects: First-degree relatives of people with T1D (n 268), aged 8-12 years. Results: The TEENDIAB children consumed 52.0% of their total energy from carbohydrates, 32.6% from fat and 14.3% from protein. Compared with the reference values, their intake was lowest for folate at 61.3% of the reference, for iodine at 58.1% and for vitamin D at 8.9%, and exceeded the reference for vitamin K about 5-fold, for Na about 3.5-fold and for protein about 1.5-fold. Their nutrient intakes were similar to those of a control cohort without increased T1D risk. The consumption of non-desirable food groups (meat products, sweets/snacks) was above the recommendations and the consumption of desirable food groups (fruits, vegetables, carbohydrate-rich foods) was below the recommendations. Conclusions: The TEENDIAB children had intakes considerably below the recommendations for vitamin D, iodine, folate and plant-based foods, and intakes above for vitamin K, Na, protein, meat products and sweets/snacks. They showed similar dietary patterns to non-risk children.
Vegetarian diets and incidence of diabetes in the Adventist Health Study-2; Aim: To evaluate the relationship of diet to incident diabetes among non-Black and Black participants in the Adventist Health Study-2. Methods and Results: Participants were 15,200 men and 26,187 women (17.3% Blacks) across the U.S. and Canada who were free of diabetes and who provided demographic, anthropometric, lifestyle and dietary data. Participants were grouped as vegan, lacto ovo vegetarian, pesco vegetarian, semi-vegetarian or non-vegetarian (reference group). A follow-up questionnaire after two years elicited information on the development of diabetes. Cases of diabetes developed in 0.54% of vegans, 1.08% of lacto ovo vegetarians, 1.29% of pesco vegetarians, 0.92% of semi-vegetarians and 2.12% of non-vegetarians. Blacks had an increased risk compared to non-Blacks (odds ratio [OR] 1.364; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.093-1.702). In multiple logistic regression analysis controlling for age, gender, education, income, television watching, physical activity, sleep, alcohol use, smoking and BMI, vegans (OR 0.381; 95% CI 0.236-0.617), lacto ovo vegetarians (OR 0.618; 95% CI 0.503-0.760) and semi-vegetarians (OR 0.486, 95% CI 0.312-0.755) had a lower risk of diabetes than non-vegetarians. In non-Blacks vegan, lacto ovo and semi-vegetarian diets were protective against diabetes (OR 0.429, 95% CI 0.249-0.740; OR 0.684, 95% CI 0.542-0.862; OR 0.501, 95% CI 0.303-0.827); among Blacks vegan and lacto ovo vegetarian diets were protective (OR 0.304, 95% CI 0.110-0.842; OR 0.472, 95% CI 0.270-0.825). These associations were strengthened when BMI was removed from the analyses. Conclusion: Vegetarian diets (vegan, lacto ovo, semi-) were associated with a substantial and independent reduction in diabetes incidence. In Blacks the dimension of the protection associated with vegetarian diets was as great as the excess risk associated with Black ethnicity. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Factors influencing the cardiometabolic response to (poly)phenols and phytosterols: a review of the COST Action POSITIVe activities; Key messages A balanced diet, rich in plant-based foods is known for the prevention of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease risk. (Poly)phenols and phytosterols displayed a range of biological effects of relevance to contribute to the cardiometabolic health benefits of plant foods However, inter-individual variability in response to plant food bioactive consumption exists, and there is a need to understand the causes of this variation. Analysis of published RCTs examining impact of consumption of (poly)phenols and phytosterols on cardiometabolic risk factors demonstrated that a number of factors including age, sex, adiposity and health status could contribute to the effect demonstrated within these studies. Genome and microbiome studies will help identify what may be causing this variation. More studies, specifically designed to investigate individual variation are needed to fully understand the factors responsible for and the impact of this variation Once fully understood, such variation should be used in directing personalised nutrition advice. Purpose Evidence exists regarding the beneficial effects of diets rich in plant-based foods regarding the prevention of cardiometabolic diseases. These plant-based foods are an exclusive and abundant source of a variety of biologically active phytochemicals, including polyphenols, carotenoids, glucosinolates and phytosterols, with known health-promoting effects through a wide range of biological activities, such as improvements in endothelial function, platelet function, blood pressure, blood lipid profile and insulin sensitivity. We know that an individual's physical/genetic makeup may influence their response to a dietary intervention, and thereby may influence the benefit/risk associated with consumption of a particular dietary constituent. This inter-individual variation in responsiveness has also been described for dietary plant bioactives but has not been explored in depth. To address this issue, the European scientific experts involved in the COST Action POSITIVe systematically analyzed data from published studies to assess the inter-individual variation in selected clinical biomarkers associated with cardiometabolic risk, in response to the consumption of plant-based bioactives (poly)phenols and phytosterols. The present review summarizes the main findings resulting from the meta-analyses already completed. Results Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials conducted within POSITIVe suggest that age, sex, ethnicity, pathophysiological status and medication may be responsible for the heterogeneity in the biological responsiveness to (poly)phenol and phytosterol consumption and could lead to inconclusive results in some clinical trials aiming to demonstrate the health effects of specific dietary bioactive compounds. However, the contribution of these factors is not yet demonstrated consistently across all polyphenolic groups and cardiometabolic outcomes, partly due to the heterogeneity in trial designs, low granularity of data reporting, variety of food vectors and target populations, suggesting the need to implement more stringent reporting practices in the future studies. Studies investigating the effects of genetic background or gut microbiome on variability were limited and should be considered in future studies. Conclusion Understanding why some bioactive plant compounds work effectively in some individuals but not, or less, in others is crucial for a full consideration of these compounds in future strategies of personalized nutrition for a better prevention of cardiometabolic disease. However, there is also still a need for the development of a substantial evidence-base to develop health strategies, food products or lifestyle solutions that embrace this variability.
DIET AS A RISK FACTOR FOR ABNORMAL GLUCOSE-TOLERANCE IN SUBJECTS WITH AND WITHOUT FAMILY HISTORY OF DIABETES-MELLITUS; The relationship between diet and glucose tolerance was examined in 118 middle-aged subjects with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and Type II diabetes mellitus. A significant relationship between body mass index and intake of protein and fat from animal source was observed in the whole study population and in subjects without family history of diabetes, but not in individuals with family history of the disease. An association between worsening of glucose tolerance and higher caloric intake was shown in males, but this appeared to be linked to the increased intake of animal fat and animal protein of these subjects. Adjusting for obesity and total intake of energy, no significant difference in intake of nutrients was detected in males, while in females a lower intake of refined carbohydrate, fibre and potassium was observed in diabetic subjects after adjustment for body mass index. In males without family history of diabetes, after adjustment for obesity and total energy intake a significant association between abnormal glucose tolerance and lower intake of plant protein as well as higher intake of protein from animal source was detected, while total and complex carbohydrate intake was lower in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance than in the two other diagnostic groups. In females without heredity of diabetes, a significantly lower intake of energy, carbohydrates, fibre, plant protein, calcium and potassium was detected in the diabetic group after adjustment for obesity. No significant difference in nutrient intake was observed in subjects with family history of diabetes. Even if evaluation of results is hampered by the limited number of subjects examined, findings of the study support in middle aged subjects an association between vegetarian diet and normal glucose tolerance, suggesting that this relationship might be enhanced in individuals without family history of diabetes.
Dietary carbohydrate: relationship to cardiovascular disease and disorders of carbohydrate metabolism; The nature of carbohydrate is of considerable importance when recommending diets intended to reduce the risk of type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease and in the treatment of patients who already have established diseases. Intact fruits, vegetables, legumes and wholegrains are the most appropriate sources of carbohydrate. Most are rich in nonstarch polysaccharides (NSPs) ( dietary fibre) and other potentially cardioprotective components. Many of these foods, especially those that are high in dietary fibre, will reduce total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and help to improve glycaemic control in those with diabetes. There is no good long-term evidence of benefit when NSPs or other components of wholegrains, fruits, vegetables and legumes are added to functional and manufactured foods. Frequent consumption of low glycaemic index foods has been reported to confer similar benefits, but it is not clear whether such benefits are independent of the dietary fibre content of these foods or the fact that low glycaemic index foods tend to have intact plant cell walls. Furthermore, it is uncertain whether functional and manufactured foods with a low glycaemic index confer the same long-term benefits as low glycaemic index plant-based foods. A wide range of carbohydrate intake is acceptable, provided the nature of carbohydrate is appropriate. Failure to emphasize the need for carbohydrate to be derived principally from wholegrain cereals, fruits, vegetables and legumes may result in increased lipoprotein-mediated risk of cardiovascular disease, especially in overweight and obese individuals who are insulin resistant.
Dietary saturate/unsaturate ratio as a determinant of adiposity; The characteristic leanness of vegans and adherents to "Mediterranean" diet patterns may reflect the fact that the high saturate-to-unsaturate ratio of Western omnivore diets tends to impair muscle insulin sensitivity, leading to a compensatory up-regulation of insulin secretion. Since insulin signals adipocytes to take up and retain fatty acids, a high dietary saturate-to-unsaturate ratio would be expected to promote obesity. It is proposed that, at any given level of total fat intake, the dietary saturate/unsaturate ratio will correlate positively with BMI and propensity for weight gain - a readily testable prediction. The relatively low ratios of saturates to unsaturates and of essential to non-essential amino acids in plant-based diets may be primarily responsible for the low rates of obesity, diabetes, coronary disease, and "Western" cancers observed in quasi-vegan societies. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Clinical, physiopathological and dietetic aspects of metabolic syndrome; Hypertriglyceridaemia, diabetes, hypertension and obesity are the "deadly quartet" indicating a syndrome at high risk for cardiovascular disease for which, in 1998, WHO proposed the definition of Metabolic Syndrome, related to an elevated degree of Insulin resistance. Treatment will often include behavioural changes that reduce body weight and increase physical activity. A high-carbohydrate/low-fat diet with complex carbohydrates and mainly unsaturated fat is recommended. Replacing refined grain products and potatoes with minimally processed plant-based foods such as whole grains, fruit, and vegetables, and reducing the intake of high glycaemic load beverages may offer a simple strategy for reducing the incidence of coronary heart disease.
Diets for Health: Goals and Guidelines; Diet is the single most significant risk factor for disability and premature death. Patients and physicians often have difficulty staying abreast of diet trends, many of which focus primarily on weight loss rather than nutrition and health. Recommending an eating style can help patients make positive change. Dietary patterns that support health include the Mediterranean diet, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet, the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, and the Healthy Eating Plate. These approaches have benefits that include prevention of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and obesity. These dietary patterns are supported by strong evidence that promotes a primary focus on unprocessed foods, fruits and vegetables, plant-based fats and proteins, legumes, whole grains, and nuts. Added sugars should be limited to less than 5% to 10% of daily caloric intake. Vegetables (not including potatoes) and fruits should make up one-half of each meal. Carbohydrate sources should primarily include beans/legumes, whole grains, fruits, and vegetables. An emphasis on monounsaturated fats, such as olive oil, avocados, and nuts, and omega-3 fatty acids, such as flax, cold-water fish, and nuts, helps prevent cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cognitive decline. A focus on foods rather than macronutrients can assist patients in understanding a healthy diet. Addressing barriers to following a healthy diet and utilizing the entire health care team can assist patients in following these guidelines. Copyright (C) 2018 American Academy of Family Physicians.
A plant-based cholera toxin B subunit - insulin fusion protein protects against the development of autoimmune diabetes; Oral administration of disease-specific autoantigens can prevent or delay the onset of autoimmune disease symptoms. We have generated transgenic potato plants that synthesize human insulin, a major insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus autoantigen, at levels up to 0.05% of total soluble protein. To direct delivery of plant-synthesized insulin to the gut-associated lymphoid tissues, insulin was linked to the C-terminus of the cholera toxin B subunit (CTB). Transgenic potato tubers produced 0.1% of total soluble protein as the pentameric CTB-insulin fusion, which retained GM(1)-ganglioside binding affinity and native antigenicity of both CTB and insulin. Nonobese diabetic mice fed transformed potato tuber tissues containing microgram amounts of the CTB-insulin fusion protein showed a substantial reduction in pancreatic islet inflammation (insulitis), and a delay in the progression of clinical diabetes. Feeding transgenic potato tissues producing insulin or CTB protein alone did not provide a significant reduction in insulitis or diabetic symptoms. The experimental results indicate that food plants are feasible production and delivery systems for immunotolerization against this T cell-mediated autoimmune disease.
Communicating clinical research to reduce cancer risk through diet: Walnuts as a case example; Inflammation is one mechanism through which cancer is initiated and progresses, and is implicated in the etiology of other conditions that affect cancer risk and prognosis, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and visceral obesity. Emerging human evidence, primarily epidemiological, suggests that walnuts impact risk of these chronic diseases via inflammation. The published literature documents associations between walnut consumption and reduced risk of cancer, and mortality from cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, particularly within the context of the Mediterranean Diet. While encouraging, follow-up in human intervention trials is needed to better elucidate any potential cancer prevention effect of walnuts, per se. In humans, the far-reaching positive effects of a plant-based diet that includes walnuts may be the most critical message for the public. Indeed, appropriate translation of nutrition research is essential for facilitating healthful consumer dietary behavior. This paper will explore the translation and application of human evidence regarding connections with cancer and biomarkers of inflammation to the development of dietary guidance for the public and individualized dietary advice. Strategies for encouraging dietary patterns that may reduce cancer risk will be explored.
The effects of popular diets on type 2 diabetes management; Type 2 diabetes can be managed with the use of diabetes self-management skills. Diet and exercise are essential segments of the lifestyle changes necessary for diabetes management. However, diet recommendations can be complicated in a world full of different diets. This review aims to evaluate the evidence on the effects of three popular diets geared towards diabetes management: low-carbohydrate and ketogenic diet, vegan diet, and the Mediterranean diet. While all three diets have been shown to assist in improving glycaemic control and weight loss, patient adherence, acceptability, and long-term manageability play essential roles in the efficacy of each diet.
The role of polyphenols in modern nutrition; Polyphenols are found in plant-based foods and beverages, notably apples, berries, citrus fruit, plums, broccoli, cocoa, tea and coffee and many others. There is substantial epidemiological evidence that a diet high in polyphenol-rich fruit, vegetables, cocoa and beverages protects against developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The absorption and metabolism of these compounds have been well described and, for many, the gut microbiota play a critical role in absorption; taking into consideration the parent compound and the metabolites from colon bacteria catabolism, more than 80% of a dose can be absorbed and ultimately excreted in the urine. Common polyphenols in the diet are flavanols (cocoa, tea, apples, broad beans), flavanones (hesperidin in citrus fruit), hydroxycinnamates (coffee, many fruits), flavonols (quercetin in onions, apples and tea) and anthocyanins (berries). Many intervention studies, mechanistic in vitro data and epidemiological studies support a role for polyphenols against the development of chronic diseases. For example, flavanols decrease endothelial dysfunction, lower blood pressure and cholesterol, and modulate energy metabolism. Coffee and tea both reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, through action of their constituent polyphenols. Despite extensive research, the exact mechanisms of action of polyphenols in the human body have not been decisively proven, but there is strong evidence that some targets such as nitric oxide metabolism, carbohydrate digestion and oxidative enzymes are important for health benefits. Consumption of polyphenols as healthy dietary components is consistent with the advice to eat five or more portions of fruit and vegetables per day, but it is currently difficult to recommend what 'doses' of specific polyphenols should be consumed to derive maximum benefit.
Short-Term Administration of Astaxanthin Attenuates Retinal Changes in Diet-Induced Diabetic <i>Psammomys obesus</i>; Objectives: Psammomys obesus is a high-fat diet (HFD)-fed animal model of obesity and type 2 diabetes recently explored as a model of non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy. This study tested the protective effect of the pigment astaxanthin (AST) in the P. obesus diabetic retina.Methods: Young adult P. obesus were randomly assigned to two groups. The control group received a normal diet consisting of a plant-based regimen, and the HFD group received an enriched laboratory chow. After 3months, control and diabetic rodents were administered vehicle or AST, daily for 7days. Body weight, blood glucose, and plasma pentosidine were assessed. Frozen sections of retinas were immunolabeled for markers of oxidative stress, glial reactivity and retinal ganglion cell bodies, and imaged by confocal microscopy.Results: Retinal tissue from AST-treated control and HFD-diabetic P. obesus showed a greater expression of the antioxidant enzyme heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1). In retinas of HFD-diabetic AST-treated P. obesus, cellular retinaldehyde binding protein and glutamine synthetase in Muller cells were more intense compared to the untreated HFD-diabetic group. HFD-induced diabetes downregulated the expression of glial fibrillary acidic protein in astrocytes, the POU domain protein 3A in retinal ganglion cells, and synaptophysin throughout the plexiform layers.Discussion: Our results show that type 2-like diabetes induced by HFD affected glial and neuronal retinal cell homeostasis. AST treatment induced the antioxidant enzyme HO-1 and reduced glial reactivity. These findings suggest that diabetic P. obesus is a useful model of HFD-induced obesity and diabetes to evaluate early neuroglial retinal alterations and antioxidant neuroprotection mechanisms in DR.
Investigation of medicinal plants traditionally used as dietary supplements: A review on <i>Moringa oleifera</i>; Diet and nutrition are important factors in the promotion and maintenance of good health throughout the entire life course. A plant-based diet may be able to prevent and treat chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart disease and hypertension, obesity, chronic inflammation and cancer. Phytonutrient rich foods are found in traditional African diet which is mostly vegetarian, and most of these food plants are often used for medicinal purposes. This review focuses on a peculiar plant Moringa oleifera, called the "Miracle Tree", considered to be one of nature's healthiest and most nutritious foods. Countless studies describe the benefits of Moringa leaves, pods, seeds and flowers. Its well-documented role in prevention and treatment of chronic diseases is hypothesized here as a result of possible of cross-kingdom regulation by exogenous vegetal microRNAs and synergistic action of plant bioactive components on endogenous human microRNA regulation. The potential health impact of phytocomplexes from African dietary plants within the context of cross-kingdom and endogenous microRNA regulation on health improvement and the overall economic well-being of the continent is estimated to be enormous.
Food Revolution; Recent research has found important links between poor dietary choices, a toxic food environment, and high national and global burdens of chronic diseases. These findings serve as an impetus for a Food Revolution. The Gardner Nutrition Studies Research Group, along with a diverse range of collaborators, has been focusing on solution-oriented research to help find answers to the problems that plague the current food system. Research topics include (1) a recently completed weight loss diet study contrasting Healthy Low-Fat to Healthy Low-Carbohydrate diets among 609 overweight and obese adults; (2) a quasi-experimental study conducted among Stanford undergraduates that examined social and environmental, rather than health-focused, motivations for dietary change; (3) links between dietary fiber, the human microbiome, and immune function; and (4) ongoing collaborations with university chefs to create unapologetically delicious food for campus dining halls that is also healthy and environmentally sustainable. Most of these approaches emphasize plant-based diets. The decreased consumption of animal products has created some concern over the ability of one to obtain adequate protein intake. Evidence is presented that adequate protein is easily obtainable from vegetarian, vegan, and other diets that contain significantly less meat and fewer animal foods than the standard American diet.
Ferulic acid may target MyD88-mediated pro-inflammatory signaling - Implications for the health protection afforded by whole grains, anthocyanins, and coffee; Higher dietary intakes of anthocyanins have been linked epidemiologically to decreased risk for metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular events; clinical trials and rodent studies evaluating ingestion of anthocyanin-rich extracts confirm favorable effects of these agents on endothelial function and metabolic syndrome. However, these benefits of anthocyanins are lost in rats whose gut microbiome has been eliminated with antibiotic treatment - pointing to bacterial metabolites of anthocyanins as the likely protective agents. A human pharmacokinetic assessment of orally administered cyanidin-3-O-glucoside, a prominent anthocyanin, has revealed that, whereas this compound is minimally absorbed, ferulic acid (FA) is one of its primary metabolites that appears in plasma. FA is a strong antioxidant and phase 2 inducer that has exerted marked anti-inflammatory effects in a number of rodent and cell culture studies; in particular, FA is highly protective in rodent models of diet-induced weight gain and metabolic syndrome. FA, a precursor for lignan synthesis, is widely distributed in plant-based whole foods, mostly in conjugated form; whole grains are a notable source. Coffee ingestion boosts plasma FA owing to gastrointestinal metabolism of chlorogenic acid. Hence, it is reasonable to suspect that FA mediates some of the broad health benefits that have been associated epidemiologically with frequent consumption of whole grains, anthocyanins, coffee, and unrefined plant-based foods. The molecular basis of the anti-inflammatory effects of FA may have been clarified by a recent study demonstrating that FA can target the adaptor protein MyD88; this plays an essential role in pro-inflammatory signaling by most toll-like receptors and interleukin-1 beta. If feasible oral intakes of FA can indeed down-regulate MyD88-dependent signaling, favorable effects of FA on neurodegeneration, hypothalamic inflammation, weight gain, adipocyte and beta cell function, adiponectin secretion, vascular health, and cartilage and bone integrity can be predicted. Since FA is well tolerated, safe, and natural, it may have great potential as a protective nutraceutical, and clinical trials evaluating its effects are needed.
Protein intake and the incidence of pre-diabetes and diabetes in 4 population-based studies: the PREVIEW project; Background: Data on the relationship between protein intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes are conflicting. Objectives: We studied prospective associations between the intake of total, plant-based, and animal protein and the risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes in 4 population-based studies included in the PREVIEW project. Methods: Analyses were conducted with the use of data from 3 European cohorts and 1 Canadian cohort, including 78,851 participants. Protein intake was assessed through the use of harmonized data from food-frequency questionnaires or 3-d dietary records. Cohortspecific incidence ratios (IRs) were estimated for pre-diabetes and diabetes, adjusting for general characteristics, lifestyle and dietary factors, disease history, and body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference; results were pooled based on a random-effects metaanalysis. Results: Higher total protein intake (g. kg(-1). d(-1)) was associated with lower incidences of pre-diabetes and diabetes (pooled IRs: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.82, 0.87 and 0.49; 95% CI: 0.28, 0.83, respectively); plantbased protein intake was the main determinant (pooled IRs: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.86 and 0.53; 95% CI: 0.36, 0.76, respectively). Substituting 2 energy percentage (E%) protein at the expense of carbohydrates revealed increased risks of pre-diabetes and diabetes (pooled IRs: 1.04; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.07 and 1.09; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.18, respectively). Except for the associations between intakes of total protein and plant-based protein (g. kg(-1). d(-1)) and diabetes, all other associations became nonsignificant after adjustment for BMI and waist circumference. Conclusions: Higher protein intake (g. kg(-1). d(-1)) was associated with a lower risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes. Associations were substantially attenuated after adjustments for BMI and waist circumference, which demonstrates a crucial role for adiposity and may account for previous conflicting findings.
mTORC1 activity as a determinant of cancer risk - Rationalizing the cancer-preventive effects of adiponectin, metformin, rapamycin, and low-protein vegan diets; Increased plasma levels of adiponectin, metformin therapy of diabetes, rapamycin administration in transplant patients, and lifelong consumption of low-protein plant-based diets have all been linked to decreased risk for various cancers. These benefits may be mediated, at least in part, by down-regulated activity of the mTORC1 complex, a key regulator of protein translation. By boosting the effective availability of the translation initiator elF4E, mTORC1 activity promotes the translation of a number of "weak" mRNAs that code for proteins, often up-regulated in cancer, that promote cellular proliferation, invasiveness, and angiogenesis, and that abet cancer promotion and chemoresistance by opposing apoptosis. Measures which inhibit elF4E activity, either directly or indirectly, may have utility not only for cancer prevention, but also for the treatment of many cancers in which elF4E drives malignancy. Since elF4E is overexpressed in many cancers, strategies which target elF4E directly - some of which are now being assessed clinically - may have the broadest efficacy in this regard. Many of the "weak" mRNAs coding for proteins that promote malignant behavior or chemoresistance are regulated transcriptionally by NF-kappaB and/or Stat3, which are active in a high proportion of cancers; thus, regimens concurrently targeting elF4E, NF-kappaB, and Stat3 may suppress these proteins at both the transcriptional and translational levels, potentially achieving a very marked reduction in their expression. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nutritional impact of elevated calcium transport activity in carrots; Nutrition recommendations worldwide emphasize ingestion of plant-based diets rather than diets that rely primarily on animal products. However, this plant-based diet could limit the intake of essential nutrients such as calcium. Osteoporosis is one of the world's most prevalent nutritional disorders, and inadequate dietary calcium is a known contributor to the pathophysiology of this condition. Previously, we have modified carrots to express increased levels of a plant calcium transporter (sCAX1), and these plants contain approximate to 2-fold-higher calcium content in the edible portions of the carrots. However, it was unproven whether this change would increase the total amount of bioavailable calcium. In randomized trials, we labeled these modified carrots with isotopic calcium and fed them to mice and humans to assess calcium bioavailability. In mice feeding regimes (n = 120), we measured Ca-45 incorporation into bones and determined that mice required twice the serving size of control carrots to obtain the calcium found in sCAX1 carrots. We used a dual-stable isotope method with Ca-42-labeled carrots and i.v. Ca-46 to determine the absorption of calcium from these carrots in humans. In a cross-over study of 15 male and 15 female adults, we found that when people were fed sCAX1 and control carrots, total calcium absorption per 100 g of carrots was 41% +/- 2% higher in sCAX1 carrots. Both the mice and human feeding studies demonstrate increased calcium absorption from sCAX1-expressing carrots compared with controls. These results demonstrate an alternative means of fortifying vegetables with bioavailable calcium.
The interaction between nutrition and exercise for promoting health and performance; The theme of The Nutrition Society Spring Conference 2017 was on the interaction between nutrition and exercise for promoting healthy ageing, maintaining cognitive function and improving the metabolic health of the population. The importance of this theme is highlighted by the public health issues surrounding obesity, diabetes and the age-related loss of skeletal muscle mass (sarcopenia). The opening symposium provided a historical perspective of both invasive and non-invasive methodologies for measuring exercise energetics and energy balance. Data derived from these techniques underpin current understanding regarding the metabolic response to nutrition and exercise. Further symposia examined the importance of skeletal muscle for healthy ageing in older men and postmenopausal women. From a nutritional perspective, the potential for animal-nu. plant-based protein sources to offset the age-related decline in muscle mass was discussed. The day concluded by discussing the link(s) between nutrition, exercise and brain function. Day 2 commenced with examples of applied equine research illustrating the link between nutrition/exercise and insulin resistance to those of a human model. The final symposium examined the combined role of nutrition and exercise in reducing risk of type 2 diabetes and dyslipidaemia. The overall conclusion from the meeting was that the interaction between diet and physical activity confers greater benefits to human health and performance than either component alone.
Vegetarian diets; We must distinguish between vegetarian diets (without meat and fish) and vegan diets (without animal foods). The first may be well-balanced, but deficiencies in proteins, zinc, fer, calcium and long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids may occur. The second induce a severe vitamin B12 deficiency with neurological alteration. Vegetarian diets are associated with less type 2 diabetes and ischemic heart disease, but there are discrepancies between studies about their impact on colorectal cancer. Vegan diets induce osteoporosis if calcium intake is low. Vegetarian and vegan diets are contraindicated in infants and children, pregnant and lactating women and elderly subjects.
Vegetarian diet-induced increase in linoleic acid in serum phospholipids is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Fatty acids are important cellular constituents that may affect many metabolic processes relevant for the development of diabetes and its complications. We showed previously that vegetarian diet leads to greater increase in metabolic clearance rate of glucose (MCR) than conventional hypocaloric diet. The aim of this secondary analysis was to explore the role of changes in fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in diet-and exercise-induced changes in MCR in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: Subjects with T2D (n = 74) were randomly assigned into a vegetarian group (VG, n 37) following vegetarian diet or a control group (CG, n = 37) following a conventional diet. Both diets were calorie restricted (-500 kcal day(-1)). Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks of diet intervention and 24 weeks (subsequent 12 weeks of diet were combined with aerobic exercise). The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was measured by gas liquid chromatography. MCR was measured by hyperinsulinemic isoglycemic clamp. Visceral fat (VF) was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n6) increased in VG (P = 0.04), whereas it decreased in CG (P = 0.04) in response to dietary interventions. It did not change significantly after the addition of exercise in either group (group x time P < 0.001). In VG, changes in 18:2n6 correlated positively with changes in MCR (r = +0.22; P = 0.04) and negatively with changes in VF (r = -0.43; P = 0.01). After adjustment for changes in body mass index, the association between 18: 2n6 and MCR was no longer significant. The addition of exercise resulted in greater changes of phospholipid fatty acids composition in VG than in CG. CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that the insulin-sensitizing effect of a vegetarian diet might be related to the increased proportion of LA in serum phospholipids.
Regulation of adipocyte function by anthocyanins; Possibility of preventing the metabolic syndrome; Obesity is defined as the accumulation of excess adipose tissue resulting from various metabolic disorders. Adipocyte dysfunction is strongly associated with the development of obesity and insulin resistance. Metabolic syndrome is characterized by a group of metabolic risk factors in one person. Abdominal obesity and adipocyte dysfunction play an important role in the development of this syndrome. Anthocyanins are used as a food coloring, and they are widely distributed in human diets including berries, suggesting that large amounts of anthocyanins are ingested from plant-based foods. This study shows that anthocyanins have a significant potency of antiobesity and ameliorate adipocyte function in in vitro and in vivo systems and also that they have important implications for preventing metabolic syndrome.
Moderate Protein Restriction in Advanced CKD: A Feasible Option in An Elderly, High-Comorbidity Population. A Stepwise Multiple-Choice System Approach; Background: Protein restriction may retard the need for renal replacement therapy; compliance is considered a barrier, especially in elderly patients. Methods: A feasibility study was conducted in a newly organized unit for advanced kidney disease; three diet options were offered: normalization of protein intake (0.8 g/kg/day of protein); moderate protein restriction (0.6 g/kg/day of protein) with a "traditional" mixed protein diet or with a "plant-based" diet supplemented with ketoacids. Patients with protein energy wasting (PEW), short life expectancy or who refused were excluded. Compliance was estimated by Maroni-Mitch formula and food diary. Results: In November 2017-July 2018, 131 patients started the program: median age 74 years (min-max 24-101), Charlson Index (CCI): 8 (min-max: 2-14); eGFR 24 mL/min (4-68); 50.4% were diabetic, BMI was >= 30 kg/m(2) in 40.4%. Normalization was the first step in 75 patients (57%, age 78 (24-101), CCI 8 (2-12), eGFR 24 mL/min (8-68)); moderately protein-restricted traditional diets were chosen by 24 (18%, age 74 (44-91), CCI 8 (4-14), eGFR 22 mL/min (5-40)), plant-based diets by 22 (17%, age 70 (34-89), CCI 6.5 (2-12), eGFR 15 mL/min (5-46)) (p < 0.001). Protein restriction was not undertaken in 10 patients with short life expectancy. In patients with >= 3 months of follow-up, median reduction of protein intake was from 1.2 to 0.8 g/kg/day (p < 0.001); nutritional parameters remained stable; albumin increased from 3.5 to 3.6 g/dL (p = 0.037); good compliance was found in 74%, regardless of diets. Over 1067 patient-months of follow-up, 9 patients died (CCI 10 (6-12)), 7 started dialysis (5 incremental). Conclusion: Protein restriction is feasible by an individualized, stepwise approach in an overall elderly, high-comorbidity population with a baseline high-protein diet and is compatible with stable nutritional status.
Localization of iron in <i>Arabidopsis</i> seed requires the vacuolar membrane transporter VIT1; Iron deficiency is a major human nutritional problem wherever plant-based diets are common. Using synchrotron x-ray fluorescence microtomography to directly visualize iron in Arabidopsis seeds, we show that iron is localized primarily to the provascular strands of the embryo. This localization is completely abolished when the vacuolar iron uptake transporter VIT1 is disrupted. Vacuolar iron storage is also critical for seedling development because vit1-1 seedlings grow poorly when iron is limiting. We have uncovered a fundamental aspect of seed biology that will ultimately aid the development of nutrient-rich seed, benefiting both human health and agricultural productivity.
Assessment of the nutritional quality and environmental impact of two food diets: A Mediterranean and a vegan diet; Food diet choices can have a considerable effect on climate change as around 15-30% of the total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions correspond to the food sector. Life-cycle assessment has been an effective tool to evaluate the environmental impact of food production, normally using mass as the functional unit (FU). As this is not always able to reproduce the consumption of different foods and their nutritional value, alternative nutrient-related FUs that can do so should be used. The present study assesses, quantifies and compares the nutritional quality and the environmental impact of two different food diets, a Mediterranean diet (MD), which includes meat-source products and fish, and a vegan diet (VD), which only includes plant-based products. The nutritional quality index NRF9.3 and the impact categories of global warming potential (GWP) and regional biodiversity impact (RBI) due to land use (LU) are assessed for both diets. The VD resulted to have a higher nutritional quality than the MD mainly as it contained less disqualifying nutrients like saturated fat, added sugars and sodium and more qualifying nutrients, although some likely micronutrients deficiencies like B12 in the VD are not assessed here. All the environmental impacts were much higher for the MD, mainly due to the presence of livestock products and fish, which on average had the highest GWP and LU values of all products studied. The GWP, mostly dominated by the food production stage compared to cooking and transport, was around twice as high in the MD. The LU, in livestock products dominated by the land requirements of feedcrops in more than a 99%, was around three times higher in the MD. Finally, the RBI of the MD was also around three times higher than the VD's, although this could be underestimated as fish biodiversity has not been assessed. Impact differences between diets increased when impacts were adjusted by the NRF9.3, which demonstrates that the nutritional quality of diets affects the comparison of the environmental impacts. In an attempt to provide a possible solution to the tightly linked diet-environment-health trilemma, it is concluded that a shift towards a mix of these two diets, where all nutrients are consumed in the recommended levels and where only the least environmental impacting livestock products are consumed, would maybe help reducing GHG emissions, deforestation and biodiversity loss, as well as preventing diet-related diseases like diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases and cancer. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cinnamic Acid and Its Derivatives: Mechanisms for Prevention and Management of Diabetes and Its Complications; With recent insight into the development of dietary supplements and functional foods, search of effective phytochemical compounds and their mechanisms involved in prevention and management of diabetes and its complications are now being assessed. Cinnamic acid and its derivatives occur naturally in high levels of plant-based foods. Among various biological activities, cinnamic acid and its derivatives are associated with a beneficial influence on diabetes and its complications. The aim of the review is to summarize the potential mechanisms of these compounds for prevention and management of diabetes and its complications. Based on several in vitro studies and animal models, cinnamic acid and its derivatives act on different mechanism of actions, including stimulation of insulin secretion, improvement of pancreatic fi-cell functionality, inhibition of hepatic gluconeogenesis, enhanced glucose uptake, increased insulin signaling pathway, delay of carbohydrate digestion and glucose absorption, and inhibition of protein glycation and insulin fibrillation. However, due to the limited intestinal absorption being a result of low bioavailability of cinnamic acid and its derivatives, current improvement efforts with entrapping into solid and liquid particles are highlighted. Further human clinical studies are needed to clarify the effects of cinnamic acid and its derivatives in diabetic patients.
A low-fat vegan diet and a conventional diabetes diet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: a randomized, controlled, 74-wk clinical trial; Background: Low-fat vegetarian and vegan diets are associated with weight loss, increased insulin sensitivity, and improved cardiovascular health. Objective: We compared the effects of a low-fat vegan diet and conventional diabetes diet recommendations on glycemia, weight, and plasma lipids. Design: Free-living individuals with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (n = 49) or a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines (conventional, n = 50) for 74 wk. Glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)) and plasma lipids were assessed at weeks 0, 11, 22, 35, 48, 61, and 74. Weight was measured at weeks 0, 22, and 74. Results: Weight loss was significant within each diet group but not significantly different between groups (-4.4 kg in the vegan group and -3.0 kg in the conventional diet group, P = 0.25) and related significantly to Hb A(1c) changes (r = 0.50, P = 0.001). Hb A(1c) changes from baseline to 74 wk or last available values were -0.34 and -0.14 for vegan and conventional diets, respectively (P = 0.43). Hb A(1c) changes from baseline to last available value or last value before any medication adjustment were -0.40 and 0.01 for vegan and conventional diets, respectively (P = 0.03). In analyses before alterations in lipid-lowering medications, total cholesterol decreased by 20.4 and 6.8 mg/dL in the vegan and conventional diet groups, respectively (P = 0.01); LDL cholesterol decreased by 13.5 and 3.4 mg/dL in the vegan and conventional groups, respectively (P = 0.03). Conclusions: Both diets were associated with sustained reductions in weight and plasma lipid concentrations. In an analysis controlling for medication changes, a low-fat vegan diet appeared to improve glycemia and plasma lipids more than did conventional diabetes diet recommendations. Whether the observed differences provide clinical benefit for the macro- or microvascular complications of diabetes remains to be established. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00276939. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1588S-96S.
Nutritional patterns associated with the maintenance of neurocognitive functions and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: A focus on human studies; Ample epidemiological evidence suggests a strong correlation among diet, lifestyle factors and the onset and consolidation of dementia and Alzheimer's disease (AD). It has been demonstrated that AD, diabetes, obesity, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease are strongly interconnected pathologies. Preventive strategies and nutritional interventions seem to be promising approaches to delay neurocognitive decline and reduce the risk of AD and other non-psychiatric co-morbidities. In this regard, healthy dietary patterns, characterized by high intake of plant-based foods, probiotics, antioxidants, soy beans, nuts, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and a low intake of saturated fats, animal-derived proteins, and refined sugars, have been shown to decrease the risk of neurocognitive impairments and eventually the onset of AD. Here we review the role of some nutrients and, in particular, of healthy dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet and other emerging healthy diets, DASH (Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension) and MIND (Mediterranean-DASH dietlntervention for Neurodegenerative Delay), for the maintenance of cognitive performance, focusing specifically on human studies. The beneficial effects associated with overall diet composition, rather than single nutrient supplementations, for the prevention or the delay of AD and dementia are discussed.
Syndrome-AC: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the anabolic/catabolic paradox; When an organism is starving, infected or injured, the body initiates a catabolic response that, among other things, creates insulin resistance. While many possible mechanisms and numerous loci of insulin resistance have been studied, a theme of inappropriately activated components of catabolic chemistry emerges. Patients with noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) have elevated blood levels of glucagon, cortisol, fatty acids, protein, glucose and possibly acute phase reactants. Recent studies hint that this can occur with meals, resulting in a multilevel, multiorgan interference with glucose handling. This implies NIDDM is the result of the dietary activation of catabolic chemistry simultaneously with that of anabolic chemistry. We review the possibility that this is caused by the consumption of body tissue, the substance ordinarily endogenously released in starvation or injury. Activating the catabolic pathways when eating creates a hormonal paradox, forcing exaggerated insulin levels to compensate. Five case studies are reviewed.
Plant-Based Foods as a Source of Lipotropes for Human Nutrition: A Survey of In Vivo Studies; Increased consumption of plant products is associated with lower chronic disease prevalence. This is attributed to the great diversity of healthy phytochemicals present in these foods. The most investigated physiological effects have been their antioxidant, anti-carcinogenic, hypolipidemic, and hypoglycemic properties. Although less studied in humans, some compounds were very early on shown to be lipotropic in animals, i.e., the capacity to hasten the removal of fat from liver and/or reduce hepatic lipid synthesis or deposits by mainly increasing phospholipid synthesis via the transmethylation pathway for triglyceride-rich lipoprotein exportation from the liver and enhanced fatty acid -oxidation and/or down- and up-regulation of genes involved in lipogenic and fatty acid oxidation enzyme synthesis, respectively. The main plant lipotropes are choline, betaine, myo-inositol, methionine, and carnitine. Magnesium, niacin, pantothenate, and folates also indirectly support the overall lipotropic effect. The exhaustive review of rat studies investigating phytochemical effect on hepatic lipid metabolism suggests that some fatty acids, acetic acid, melatonin, phytic acid, some fiber compounds, oligofructose, resistant starch, some phenolic acids, flavonoids, lignans, stilbenes, curcumin, saponins, coumarin, some plant extracts, and some solid foods may be lipotropic. However, this remains to be confirmed in humans, for whom intervention studies are practically non-existent. Supplemental materials are available for this article. Go to the publisher's online edition of Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition (R) to view the free supplemental file.
Evaluation of "GSPF <i>kwath</i>": A <i>Gymnema</i> <i>sylvestre</i>-containing polyherbal formulation for the treatment of human type 2 diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Since ancient times, plant-based herbal formulations have been used in Indian traditional medicine to treat diabetes. This observational study investigated the antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic, and antioxidant potential of a Gymnema sylvestre polyherbal formulation ("GSPF kwath") in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: A before-and-after study of 32 human subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus was carried out. Patients were administered "GSPF kwath" consisting of a mixture of 10 herbs: G. sylvestre (gurmar), Syzygium cumini (jamun seed), Phyllanthus emblica (amla), Curcuma longa (haldi), Pterocarpus marsupium (vijaysaar), Terminalia chebula (harad), Cassia fistula (amaltas), Picrorhiza kurroa (kutki), Swertia chirata (chirayita), and Terminalia bellirica (behada). Patients were administered 50 ml of aqueous extract derived from 10 g of "GSPF kwath" daily on an empty stomach for 6 months. The blood glucose levels were monitored monthly, and glycosylated hemoglobin, lipid profile and biomarkers of oxidative stress, and liver and kidney function markers were measured at 3-monthly intervals. Results: Daily administration of "GSPF kwath" regularly for 6 months resulted in significant reductions of blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels. There was also a significant increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and concomitant decreases in total cholesterol, triglyceride, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and very-low-density lipoprotein levels. Patients exhibited a significant improvement in the biochemical markers for oxidative stress. Conclusions: The results suggest that the polyherbal formulation GSPF may have the potential to regulate both hyperglycemia and possibly hyperlipidemia. "GSPF kwath" may be a potentially safe and effective therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. (C) 2015 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Milk and dairy products: good or bad for human health? An assessment of the totality of scientific evidence; Background: There is scepticism about health effects of dairy products in the public, which is reflected in an increasing intake of plant-based drinks, for example, from soy, rice, almond, or oat. Objective: This review aimed to assess the scientific evidence mainly from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomised controlled trials, on dairy intake and risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, cancer, and all-cause mortality. Results: The most recent evidence suggested that intake of milk and dairy products was associated with reduced risk of childhood obesity. In adults, intake of dairy products was shown to improve body composition and facilitate weight loss during energy restriction. In addition, intake of milk and dairy products was associated with a neutral or reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, particularly stroke. Furthermore, the evidence suggested a beneficial effect of milk and dairy intake on bone mineral density but no association with risk of bone fracture. Among cancers, milk and dairy intake was inversely associated with colorectal cancer, bladder cancer, gastric cancer, and breast cancer, and not associated with risk of pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, or lung cancer, while the evidence for prostate cancer risk was inconsistent. Finally, consumption of milk and dairy products was not associated with all-cause mortality. Calcium-fortified plant-based drinks have been included as an alternative to dairy products in the nutrition recommendations in several countries. However, nutritionally, cow's milk and plant-based drinks are completely different foods, and an evidence-based conclusion on the health value of the plant-based drinks requires more studies in humans. Conclusion: The totality of available scientific evidence supports that intake of milk and dairy products contribute to meet nutrient recommendations, and may protect against the most prevalent chronic diseases, whereas very few adverse effects have been reported.
Cooking Up Health: A Novel Culinary Medicine and Service Learning Elective for Health Professional Students; Purpose: The current investigation assessed the feasibility, acceptability, and efficacy of the Cooking Up Health (CUH) culinary medicine elective that was offered to medical students at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. The elective included a combination of didactics, plant-based culinary sessions, and service learning, in which students translated nutrition and health connections to elementary school children in at-risk communities. Method: Nine medical students enrolled in cohort 1 and 12 in cohort 2. Students completed assessments before and after the course measuring confidence in nutrition and obesity counseling, attitudes toward nutrition counseling, personal dietary intake, and cooking confidence and behaviors. Results: The elective showed high feasibility and acceptability with strong class attendance (96%-99%) and retention (89%-100%). Over the course of the elective, students across both cohorts showed increased confidence in nutrition and obesity counseling (ps < 0.001), cooking abilities (ps < 0.01), and food preparation practices (ps < 0.04). Cohort 1 reported decreased meat consumption (p=0.045), and cohort 2 showed increased fruit and vegetable intake (p=0.04). Finally, cohort 2 showed increased knowledge and confidence regarding consuming a plant-based diet (ps < 0.002). Students reported an increased appreciation for the role of nutrition in health promotion and disease prevention and an intention to incorporate nutrition into patient care. Conclusion: This study provided preliminary evidence demonstrating feasibility, acceptability, and efficacy of the CUH culinary medicine elective for increasing medical students' confidence in nutrition and obesity counseling of patients and in their ability to use nutrition and cooking for personal self-care. Ultimately, this program of research may provide evidence to support widespread integration of CUH into medical education and has the potential to prepare medical students to properly advise patients on nutrition to combat the rising rates of obesity, diabetes, and preventable diseases related to nutrition.
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist indigo protects against obesity-related insulin resistance through modulation of intestinal and metabolic tissue immunity; Background/objectives Low-grade chronic inflammation in visceral adipose tissue and the intestines are important drivers of obesity associated insulin resistance. Bioactive compounds derived from plants are an important source of potential novel therapies for the treatment of chronic diseases. In search for new immune based treatments of obesity associated insulin resistance, we screened for tissue relevant anti-inflammatory properties in 20 plant-based extracts. Methods We screened 20 plant-based extracts to assess for preferential production of IL-10 compared to TNF alpha, specifically targetting metabolic tissues, including the visceral adipose tissue. We assessed the therapeutic potential of the strongest anti-inflammatory compound, indigo, in the C57BL/6J diet-induced obesity mouse model with supplementation for up to 16 weeks by measuring changes in body weight, glucose and insulin tolerance, and gut barrier function. We also utilized flow cytometry, quantitative PCR, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), and histology to measure changes to immune cells populations and cytokine profiles in the intestine, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and liver. 16SrRNA sequencing was performed to examine gut microbial differences induced by indigo supplementation. Results We identifed indigo, an aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) ligand agonist, as a potent inducer of IL-10 and IL-22, which protects against high-fat diet (HFD)-induced insulin resistance and fatty liver disease in the diet-induced obesity model. Therapeutic actions were mechanistically linked to decreased inflammatory immune cell tone in the intestine, VAT and liver. Specifically, indigo increased Lactobacillus bacteria and elicited IL-22 production in the gut, which improved intestinal barrier permeability and reduced endotoxemia. These changes were associated with increased IL-10 production by immune cells residing in liver and VAT. Conclusions Indigo is a naturally occurring AhR ligand with anti-inflammatory properties that effectively protects against HFD-induced glucose dysregulation. Compounds derived from indigo or those with similar properties could represent novel therapies for diseases associated with obesity-related metabolic tissue inflammation.
Adherence to a Vegetarian Diet and Diabetes Risk: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies; We quantitatively assessed the association between a vegetarian diet and diabetes risk using pooled estimates from observational studies. Electronic database searches for articles published from January 1980 to May 2016 were independently performed by two investigators, and 13 articles (14 studies) were identified. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for diabetes in vegetarians vs. non-vegetarians was 0.726 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.608, 0.867). In the subgroup analyses, this inverse association was stronger for the studies conducted in theWestern Pacific region (OR 0.514, 95% CI: 0.304, 0.871) and Europe/North America (OR 0.756, 95% CI: 0.589, 0.971) than studies conducted in Southeast Asia (OR 0.888, 95% CI: 0.718, 1.099). No study had a substantial effect on the pooled effect size in the influence analysis, and the Egger's (p = 0.465) and Begg's tests (p = 0.584) revealed no publication bias. This meta-analysis indicates that a vegetarian diet is inversely associated with diabetes risk. Our results support the need for further investigations into the effects of the motivations for vegetarianism, the duration of the adherence to a vegetarian diet, and type of vegetarian on diabetes risk.
Beyond Meatless, the Health Effects of Vegan Diets: Findings from the Adventist Cohorts; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations.
Quantitative and qualitative alterations of intestinal mucins in BioBreeding rats; In diabetes-prone BioBreeding rats, an enteropathy often precedes the onset of auto-immune insulitis. The present study draws attention to quantitative and qualitative alterations of intestinal mucins in this animal model of type I diabetes mellitus. Male and female diabetes-resistant (BBc) and diabetes-prone (BBdp) BioBreeding rats fed, from one to two weeks after weaning onwards. either a plant-based diabetes-promoting diet (NTP) or a hydrolysed casein diabetes-protective diet (HC), were sacrificed at 11-14 weeks of age. Proteins and total mucins, as well as acid and neutral mucins, were measured in a segment of the intestinal tract, located 25-30 cm below the pylorus. No significant difference between BBc and BBdp rats was found when fed the HC diet. However, the NTP diet lowered both total and neutral mucins, whilst failing to affect significantly acidic mucins. The effects of the NTP diet were more pronounced in BBdp rats than in BBc rats. It is speculated that the quantitative and qualitative changes evoked by the NTP diet in BBdp rats may play a role in the alteration of aut permeability found under the same experimental conditions.
Dietary and physical activity of adult patients with type 2 diabetes in Zhejiang province of eastern China: Data from a cross-sectional study; Aims/Introduction: Lifestyle management helps improve the clinical outcome of patients with type 2 diabetes. The present study aimed to obtain lifestyle data on the dietary and physical activity of adult type 2 diabetes patients in Zhejiang province of eastern China for better patient education and improvement of clinical management. Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional survey of 607 adult type 2 diabetes patients was carried out in 12 hospitals within eight cities of Zhejiang province. Data were collected for sex, age, basic physical measurement (blood pressure, height, weight, waist circumference and hip circumference), dietary favor and habit (vegetarian diets vs meat diets, preference of salty or light flavors), detailed dietary intake (24-h recall method), as well as the weekly physical activity. Results: The mean age of the patients in the analysis was 56.39 +/- 12.29 years, and 38.71% of the patients had higher levels of body mass index than recommended. The average daily total energy intake was 1887.71 +/- 575.10 kcal. The percentage of calories from carbohydrate, protein and fat were 61.36 +/- 11.59%, 13.29 +/- 3.37% and 25.35 +/- 11.16%, respectively. For physical activity, the patients generally spent most of their daily time sitting and sleeping, and the time for moderate vigorous activity was limited. Conclusions: Adult patients with type 2 diabetes in Zhejiang province have a relatively high carbohydrate and low protein diet, with very limited physical activity. Patient education to achieve a better lifestyle intervention needs to improve in this region.
D2 dopamine receptor Taq1A polymorphism, body weight, and dietary intake in type 2 diabetes; Objective: Certain D2 dopamine receptor Taq 1A genotypes (A1A1, A1A2) have been associated with obesity and substance abuse. We hypothesized that their presence would be associated with reduced efficacy of dietary interventions in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In the course of a randomized clinical trial in an outpatient research center in which 93 adults with type 2 diabetes were assigned to a low-fat vegan diet or a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines for 74 wk, Taq 1A genotype was determined. Nutrient intake, body weight, and hemoglobin A1c (A1c) were measured over 74 wk. Results: The A1 allele was highly prevalent, occurring in 47% of white participants (n = 49), which was significantly higher than the 29% prevalence previously reported in non-diabetic whites (P = 0.01). The A1 allele was found in 55% of black participants (n = 44). Black participants with A1(+) genotypes had significantly greater mean body weight (11.2 kg heavier, P = 0.05) and greater intake of fat (P = 0.002), saturated fat (P = 0.01), and cholesterol (P = 0.02) compared with A2A2 (A1(-)) individuals; dietary changes during the study did not favor one genotype group. Among whites, baseline anthropometric and nutrient differences between gene groups were small. However, among whites in the vegan group, A1(+) individuals reduced fat intake (P = 0.04) and A1c (P 0.01) significantly less than did A1(-) individuals. Conclusion: The A1 allele appears to be highly prevalent among individuals with type 2 diabetes. Potential influences on diet, weight, and glycemic control merit further exploration. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
NATURAL COMPOUNDS THAT INHIBIT PROTEIN GLYCATION: A REVIEW FOR RECENT FINDINGS; Diabetes Mellitusisa chronic, lifelongdisease currently impacting people throughout the world. A fundamental cause of Diabetes Mellitus: Non-enzymatic protein glycosylation (glycation) contributes to a group of metabolic diseases, including diabetes-associated late complications, atherosclerosis, chronic renal failure, Alzheimers disease and inflammatory arthritis. It has been hypothesized that inhibition of glycation may prevent the diseases associated with diabetes. Inhibitors of glycation have been exploredfor several decades, chiefly using in vitromodels, which resulted in discoveryof different natural compounds capable of forestallingglycation, such as antioxidants, polysaccharide, metal chelators and peptides. Many peptides released from different proteins have provento possessphysiological functions besidestheir nutrient roles. Even the results of in vitrostudies are not directly applicable on the in vivosituation due to differences in the conditions, mechanism of glycation and bioavailability issues. In thisreview article, we briefly discuss the mechanism ofadvanced glycation end products (AGEs) in promoting pathogenesis and then present the recent findings concerning the role of plant-based inhibitors and amino acid peptides in decreasing the formations ofAGEs. These findingssuggest that enrichment of diet with natural,anti-glycating agents may reduce glycation andas a consequence, diabetic complications.
Impact of Dietary Polyphenols on Carbohydrate Metabolism; Polyphenols, including flavonoids, phenolic acids, proanthocyanidins and resveratrol, are a large and heterogeneous group of phytochemicals in plant-based foods, such as tea, coffee, wine, cocoa, cereal grains, soy, fruits and berries. Growing evidence indicates that various dietary polyphenols may influence carbohydrate metabolism at many levels. In animal models and a limited number of human studies carried out so far, polyphenols and foods or beverages rich in polyphenols have attenuated postprandial glycemic responses and fasting hyperglycemia, and improved acute insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity. The possible mechanisms include inhibition of carbohydrate digestion and glucose absorption in the intestine, stimulation of insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta-cells, modulation of glucose release from the liver, activation of insulin receptors and glucose uptake in the insulin-sensitive tissues, and modulation of intracellular signalling pathways and gene expression. The positive effects of polyphenols on glucose homeostasis observed in a large number of in vitro and animal models are supported by epidemiological evidence on polyphenol-rich diets. To confirm the implications of polyphenol consumption for prevention of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and eventually type 2 diabetes, human trials with well-defined diets, controlled study designs and clinically relevant end-points together with holistic approaches e. g., systems biology profiling technologies are needed.
Nutritional and health benefits of dried beans; Dried beans (often referred to as grain legumes) may contribute to some of the health benefits associated with plant-based diets. Beans are rich in a number of important micronutrients, including potassium, magnesium, folate, iron, and zinc, and are important sources of protein in vegetarian diets. In particular, they are among the only plant foods that provide significant amounts of the indispensable amino acid lysine. Commonly consumed dried beans are also rich in total and soluble fiber as well as in resistant starch, all of which contribute to the low glycemic index of these foods. They also provide ample amounts of polyphenols, many of which are potent antioxidants. Intervention and prospective research suggests that diets that include beans reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, favorably affect risk factors for metabolic syndrome, and reduce risk of ischemic heart disease and diabetes. The relatively low bean intakes of North Americans and northern Europeans can be attributed to a negative culinary image as well as to intestinal discomfort attributable to the oligosaccharide content of beans. Cooking practices such as sprouting beans, soaking and discarding soaking water before cooking, and cooking in water with a more alkaline pH can reduce oligosaccharide content. Promotional efforts are needed to increase bean intake.
Concordance with DASH diet and blood pressure change: results from the Framingham Offspring Study (1991-2008); Background:Concordance with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has been shown to reduce blood pressure (BP) in short-term intervention studies, but long-term effects are unclear. We evaluated the association of DASH diet concordance with BP trajectories and incidence of hypertension, in 2187 men and women (mean age 52.5 years at baseline) participating in the Framingham Offspring cohort.Method:Diet and BP were assessed from 1991 to 2008, with a median follow-up time of 13.4 years. DASH scores (ranging from 0 for worst to 10 for best concordance with DASH diet) were calculated by summing 10 food components that comprise the DASH diet pattern, including fruits and vegetables, low-fat dairy products, lean meat, and plant-based protein. Mixed-effect and Cox regression models were applied, to assess the association of DASH diet concordance with BP longitudinal change and with incidence of hypertension, respectively. All analyses were adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, history of diabetes, BMI, and physical activity.Result:Overall, SBP increased by 0.34mmHg and DBP by 0.10mmHg annually, in the Framingham Offspring cohort. Every unit increase in the DASH score resulted in a modest increase in SBP of 0.054mmHg/year (P=0.028). No associations were observed between DASH diet concordance and DBP or incidence of hypertension.Conclusion:Long-term concordance with the DASH diet was not associated with a decreasing BP trajectory over time, or with decreased incidence of hypertension, in this population of middle-aged adults.
EFFECT OF SOURCE OF DIETARY FATS ON SERUM GLUCOSE, INSULIN, AND GASTRIC-INHIBITORY POLYPEPTIDE RESPONSES TO MIXED TEST MEALS IN SUBJECTS WITH NON-INSULIN DEPENDENT DIABETES-MELLITUS; We recently demonstrated that normal subjects given mixed test meals of varying fatty acid composition showed significantly greater serum insulin responses to meals enriched with polyunsaturated fat as compared to those in which the fat content was derived from saturated fatty acids. To determine if a simialr phenomenon occurs in subjects with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), serum glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) responses to three mixed test meals of vaying fatty acid composition were assessed in twelve subjects with NIDDM. Baseline means (.+-. SEM) fasting serum glucose concnetration was 205 .+-. 15 mg/dl and mean glycosylated hemoglobin was 8.5 .+-. 0.5%. Fatty acids in the test meals were either saturated fats, or polyunsaturated fats derived from vegetables or fish. Each test meal provided 40% of the subjects'' calculated daily caloric requirement and contained approximately 45% carbohydrate, 40% fat, and 15% protein. No appreciable differences in serum glucose, insulin, and C-peptide responses occurred during the three mixed test meals. Although GIP values were higher in the saturated fat and the vegetable meals when compared to the fish meal, the differences did not reach statistical significance. The inability of NIDDM subjects to evoke a greater insulin response to polyunsaturated fatty acids than to saturated fatty acids suggests another pathogenetic factor contributing to their glucose intolerance. Whether the  chronic ingestion of polyunsaturated fatty acids would benefit subjects with NIDDM is unknown but warrants further investigation especially since the incidence of diabetes mellitus is lower in vegetarians and Eskimos, populations that typically ingest a diet high in polyunsaturated fat.
DIETARY RECOMMENDATIONS FOR CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH DIABETES - AN IMPLEMENTATION PAPER; I General. 1. Children with diabetes mellitus have the same basic nutritional requirements as all other children. 2. Dietary recommendations should be based on good eating habits for the whole family. Radical changes in diet involving unusual foods or eating patterns for the child with diabetes alone are not appropriate. 3. Energy requirements of children vary widely and the energy content of the diet should be based on what the child usually eats. The diet should be reviewed regularly to meet the changing needs of growth and physical exercise without obesity. 4. The insulin regimen should, as far as is possible, be chosen to fit the child's daily life-style and preferred eating habits. Insulin type, dose and frequency should be reviewed with the diet as the child develops. 5. Regular distribution of meals and snacks throughout the day remains the most important way to avoid extremes of hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia. This distribution should be based on an exchange system, using handy measures and taking into account food and meal type, the particular insulin regimen and the child's exercise patterns and usual eating habits. Currently, this exchange system is based on carbohydrate foods but in the future the energy and fat contents will need further consideration. 6. Most special 'diabetic foods' are unnecessary. Low-calorie sweeteners, as used in low-calorie fruit squashes and fizzy drinks, are useful. 7. Children with diabetes from specific ethnic minority groups, or on vegan diets or living in deprived circumstances require special dietary attention for their diabetes. Those with coexisting chronic disorders such as cystic fibrosis or coeliac disease, should receive dietary advice from professionals with specialist knowledge. 8. Translating the principles of diabetic dietary management into a varied diet, arranged readily by the parents and eaten by the child, is demanding. It can best be met by a skilled dietitian working in close cooperation with child, parents, diabetes specialist nurse and doctor. II Infancy. 9. The diet should not differ from that of infants without diabetes. Breast feeding should be encouraged or a standard infant formula-feed used. Solids may be introduced from 3 to 6 months, but breast milk or a modified infant formula is encouraged as part of the increasingly mixed diet to at least the end of the first year. 10. Diabetes is rare in infancy so expert advice should be sought from dietitians experienced in paediatric diabetes.
Lifestyle Medicine in an Academic/Hospital Context; The effective integration of lifestyle medicine into allopathic practices is an evolving necessity driven by limited resources and escalating costs. Efforts in the Florida Hospital system graduate medical education (GME) department to meet this challenge may be instructive to others. Efforts include the hiring of an experienced dietician with a focus on a whole food plant based diet and a patient engagement tool to identify areas where patients are ready to make change. Billing is done using existing finance structure with the goal of decreasing the overall cost of providing care within a Clinically Integrated Network (CIN) context. Additionally, one GME clinician's experience in clinical lifestyle based intervention identifies and comments on several practical clinical factors for bringing effective behavior change to individual patients patient readiness, a knowledgeable health care provider, adequate time, as well as the effectiveness of the intervention.
Decreases in Dietary Glycemic Index Are Related to Weight Loss among Individuals following Therapeutic Diets for Type 2 Diabetes; This study assessed the effect of changes in glycemic index (GI) and load (GL) on weight loss and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) among individuals with type 2 diabetes beginning a vegan diet or diet following the 2003 American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommendations. The study was a 22-wk, randomized trial of 99 participants with type 2 diabetes who were counseled to follow 1 of 2 diet treatments. GI and GL changes were assessed based on 3-d dietary records. The relationships between GI/GL and changes in weight and HbA1C were calculated. In an intention-to-treat analysis (n = 99), the vegan group reduced GI to a greater extent than the ADA group (P < 0.05), but GL was reduced further in the ADA than the vegan group (P < 0.001). GI predicted changes in weight (P = 0.001), adjusting for changes in fiber, carbohydrate, fat, alcohol, energy intake, steps per day, group, and demographics, such that for every point decrease in GI, participants lost similar to 0.2 kg (0.44 lb). GI was not a predictor for changes in HbA1C after controlling for weight loss (P = 0.33). Weight loss was a predictor of changes in HbA1C (P = 0.047). GL was not related to weight loss or changes in HbA1C. A low-GI diet appears to be one of the determinants of success of a vegan or ADA diet in reducing body weight among people with type 2 diabetes. The reduction of body weight, in turn, was predictive of decreasing HbA1C. J. Nutr. 141: 1469-1474, 2011.
Plant-based vaccines for oral delivery of type 1 diabetes-related autoantigens: Evaluating oral tolerance mechanisms and disease prevention in NOD mice; Autoantigen-specific immunological tolerance represents a central objective for prevention of type 1 diabetes (T1D). Previous studies demonstrated mucosal antigen administration results in expansion of Foxp3(+) and LAP(+) regulatory T cells (Tregs), suggesting oral delivery of self-antigens might represent an effective means for modulating autoimmune disease. Early preclinical experiments using the non-obese diabetic (NOD) mouse model reported mucosal administration of T1D-related autoantigens [proinsulin or glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD)] delayed T1D onset, but published data are conflicting regarding dose, treatment duration, requirement for combinatorial agents, and extent of efficacy. Recently, dogma was challenged in a report demonstrating oral insulin does not prevent T1D in NOD mice, possibly due to antigen digestion prior to mucosal immune exposure. We used transplastomic plants expressing proinsulin and GAD to protect the autoantigens from degradation in an oral vaccine and tested the optimal combination, dose, and treatment duration for the prevention of T1D in NOD mice. Our data suggest oral autoantigen therapy alone does not effectively influence disease incidence or result in antigen-specific tolerance assessed by IL-10 measurement and Treg frequency. A more aggressive approach involving tolerogenic cytokine administration and/or lymphocyte depletion prior to oral antigen-specific immunotherapy will likely be required to impart durable therapeutic efficacy.
Antidiabetic plant-derived nutraceuticals: a critical review; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the major health problems in the world, especially amongst the urban population. Chemically synthesized drugs used to decrease the ill effects of DM and its secondary complications cause adverse side effects, viz., weight gain, gastrointestinal disturbances, and heart failure. Currently, various other approaches, viz., diet control, physical exercise and use of antidiabetic plant-derived molecules/foods are advocated to manage DM, as they are economical with fewer or no side effects. This review mainly focuses on antidiabetic plants, chemically characterized plant molecules and plant-based foods in the treatment of DM. Very little science-based evidence is available on the mechanism of action of plant-derived food molecules on the DM targets. Critical DM targets include alpha-amylase, alpha-glucosidase, DPP-IV, aldose reductase, PPAR-gamma, AMP kinase and GLUT4. In-depth studies carried out on a few of those targets with specific mechanisms of action are addressed in this review. This review may help future researchers in identifying a right plant molecule to treat DM or to develop food formulations for DM management.
Cardiovascular and renal benefits of dry bean and soybean intake; Dry beans and soybeans are nutrient-dense, fiber-rich, and are high-quality sources of protein. Protective and therapeutic effects of both dry bean and soybean intake have been documented. Studies show that dry bean intake has the potential to decrease serum cholesterol concentrations, improve many aspects of the diabetic slate, and provide metabolic benefits that aid in weight control. Soybeans are a unique source of the isoflavones genistein and diadzein, which have numerous biological functions. Soybeans and soyfoods potentially have multifaceted heaIth-promoting effects,including cholesterol reduction, improved vascular health, preserved bone mineral density, and reduction of menopausal symptoms. Soy appears to have salutary effects on renal function, although these effects are not well understood. Whereas populations consuming high intakes of soy have lower prevalences of certain cancers, definitive experimental data are insufficient to clarify a protective role of soy. The availability of legume products and resources is increasing, incorporating dry beans and soyfoods into the diet can be practical and enjoyable. With the shift toward a more plant-based diet, dry beans and soy will be potent tools in the treatment and prevention of chronic disease.
Interactions Between Plasma Proteins and Naturally Occurring Polyphenols; The plant natural products known as polyphenols are found at micronutrient levels in fruits, vegetables, and plant-based beverages such as wine, tea, coffee and cocoa. Consumption of a fruit-and vegetable-rich diet, the "Mediterranean diet", has been epidemiologically related to health benefits especially for chronic diseases including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and Alzheimer's disease. The abundance of polyphenols in plant-rich diets, and the potent bioactivities of polyphenols, provide indirect evidence for a role for polyphenols in maintaining good health. However, molecular mechanisms for therapeutic or preventative activity have not been demonstrated in vivo. We summarize the chemical classes of natural polyphenols, their bioactivities and bioavailability and metabolism. Because many polyphenols bind protein, we focus on the potential of protein binding to mediate the health-related effects of polyphenols. We discuss interactions with plasma proteins as the first target organ past the digestive tract for these orally-ingested compounds.
Effect of a fermented dietary supplement containing chromium and zinc on metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind cross-over study; Background: For the increasing development of type 2 diabetes dietary habits play an important role. In this regard, dietary supplements are of growing interest to influence the progression of this disease. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a cascade-fermented dietary supplement based on fruits, nuts, and vegetables fortified with chromium and zinc on metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods: This was a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, intervention study under free-living conditions using a cross-over design. Thirty-six patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were enrolled and randomized either to receive a cascade-fermented dietary supplement enriched with chromium (100 mu g/d) and zinc (15 mg/d) or a placebo similar in taste but without supplements, over a period of 12 weeks. After a washout period of 12 weeks, the patients received the other test product. The main outcome variable was the levels of glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)). Other outcome variables were fasting blood glucose, fructosamine, and lipid parameters. Results: Thirty-one patients completed the study. HbA(1c) showed no relevant changes during both treatment periods, nor was there a relevant difference between the two treatments (HbA(1c): p = 0.48). The same results were found for fructosamine and fasting glucose (fructosamine: p = 0.9; fasting glucose: p = 0.31). In addition, there was no effect on lipid metabolism. Conclusion: This intervention study does not provide evidence that a cascade-fermented plant-based dietary supplement enriched with a combination of chromium and zinc improves glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus under free-living conditions.
Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus by Traditional Medicine Practitioners in Kenya- Key Informant Interviews; Introduction: Worldwide, plant based medicines are increasing in popularity due to perceptions of safety and efficacy. Herbalists in Kenya are widely consulted for the management of many diseases including Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). This study investigated the level of knowledge of the herbalists in management of T2DM. Methods: Purposive sampling was used to identify 4 herbalists working in the urban areas who actively manage T2DM. Key informant interviews were used to gather data about the management of T2DM. It was analyzed using a content thematic approach. Results: Diverse management methods which included both pharmacological and non-pharmacological were noted. Glycemic control was assessed with the help of a glucometer. In addition, presenting signs and symptoms were key in diagnosing T2DM. The herbalists used various herbs, minerals and animals as medicinal sources. The drugs were dispensed as decoctions with excipients being added appropriately. Adverse effects were recorded. The herbalists acknowledged that patients use both herbal and allopathic medicine together. A level of record keeping was observed but patient follow-up was poor. The cost of the herbal drugs was perceived to be excessive. Conclusion: Some similarities exist in the management of T2DM between allopathic and traditional medicine practitioners. Training of herbalists is required to improve the quality of care given to patients.
Some Salient Points in Type 2 Diabetes Prevalence in Rural Bengal; Diabetes mellitus is a complex metabolic disorder characterized by failure to properly utilize glucose and other metabolites in the body causing spillover of these substances in the urine, mainly due to relative or absolute deficiencies of insulin secretions by the beta- cells of the pancreas. Our observations indicates that prevalence of diabetes in rural Bengal is in between 3.5% - 5.7%. Religion wise prevalence in rural Bengal shows Muslims have lowest prevalence (4.8%) and it is highest in Hindus (5.4%) while Christians (5.1%) in between. Analysis of Food intake patterns show the prevalence of diabetes is more in meat eaters (7.2%). It is most in pork eaters (7.6%). intermediate in chicken eaters (6.4%) and lowest in those who take goat/sheep (6.1%). In vegetarians it is 5.8% and in fish eaters it is 5.2%. Other factors, such as migration from one place to another, food intake habit, exercises have a great role in type 2 diabetes management.
Effect of different dietary patterns on glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review; Different dietary patterns have been positively related to the glycemic control of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, consensual dietary pattern for these individuals is not established. We aimed to evaluate the effects of adopting different dietary patterns on glycemic control markers of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. PubMed, Scopus, MEDLINE, Lilacs, Open Thesis and Google Scholar databases were searched using the Medical Subject Headings and terms related to dietary pattern and glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Interventional studies with adults of this population without diabetes-related complications, presenting data on percentage of glycated hemoglobin, and dietary patterns were included. In vitro, animal, reviews, observational, and studies with children, adolescents, pregnant and breastfeeding women were excluded. The time of adoption dietary patterns ranged from eight weeks to four years in randomized clinical trials, and six months in the cohort study. Vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary patterns reduced 0.8% on average of percentage of glycated hemoglobin, considering all included studies. It was also observed reduction in fasting glycemia and improvement in Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Sensitivity. However, more randomized clinical trials are required for a full elucidation of these questions.
Vegetarian nutrition:: Preventive potential and possible risks.: Part 2:: Animal foods and recommendations; Introduction: As shown in the first part of this article, consuming high amounts of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts can lower the risk for several chronic diseases. However, the relevance of animal foods consumed within a vegetarian diet is less well-known. Materials and methods: We followed a nutritive and a metabolic-epidemiological approach to obtain dietary recommendations. A MEDLINE-research was performed for all animal food groups relevant with a vegetarian diet (key words: "eggs", "milk", "dietary pattern" "vegetarian diet", "cancer", "cardiovascular disease", "diabetes mellitus", "osteoporosis", "vitamin D", "vitamin B-12", "iron", "iodine"). All relevant food groups were characterized regarding their nutrient content and rated with respect to the available metabolic-epidemiological evidence. Results: Based on the evidence criteria of the WHO/ FAO, colorectal cancer risk reduction by a high intake of milk and milk products is assessed as probable, while a higher risk of prostate and ovarial carcinomas is also probable. The evidence of a risk-increasing effect of eggs relating to cardiovascular disease, colorectal cancer and breast cancer is assessed as probable. As the data of prospective cohort studies suggest, a prudent diet pattern characterized high in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts is associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. In contrast, there is no overall association between prudent diet pattern and risk of breast cancer or colorectal cancer. The critical key nutrients for vegetarians are vitamin D and B12, iodine and iron. Conclusion: For the first time evidence based dietary recommendations were provided for persons on a vegetarian diet in the D-A-CH-region.
The Effect of a Vegetarian vs Conventional Hypocaloric Diabetic Diet on Thigh Adipose Tissue Distribution in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Study; Objective: The aim of our study was to compare the effects of a vegetarian and a conventional diet on thigh adipose tissue distribution in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D).Methods: Seventy-four subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either follow a vegetarian diet (V, n = 37) or a control group who followed an isocaloric conventional anti-diabetic diet (C, n = 37). Both diets were calorie restricted (-500kcal/day). To measure insulin sensitivity, the hyperinsulinemic (1mU.kg(-1).min(-1)) isoglycemic clamp was conducted. -Cell function was assessed using a mathematical model after a test meal. Magnetic resonance imaging of the thigh was performed. All subjects were examined at 0, 3, and 6months. Statistical analyses were performed using repeated measures analysis of variance and a multivariate regression model.Results: Greater reduction was observed in total leg area in V (-13.6cm(2) [95% confidence interval [CI], -14.2 to -12.9] in V vs -9.9cm(2) [95% CI, -10.6 to -9.2] in C; Gxt p < 0.001). The reduction in subcutaneous fat was comparable in response to both diets (Gxt, p = 0.64). Subfascial fat was reduced only in response to a vegetarian diet (-0.82 [95% CI, -1.13 to -0.55]cm(2) in V vs -0.44 [95% CI, -0.78 to +0.02] cm(2) in C; Gxt, p = 0.04). The reduction in intramuscular fat tended to be greater in response to a vegetarian diet (-1.78 [95% CI, -2.26 to -1.27] cm(2) in V vs -0.57 [95% CI, -1.06 to -0.09] cm(2) in C; Gxt, p = 0.12). Changes in subcutaneous and subfascial fat correlated with changes in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose, and -cell insulin sensitivity. After adjustment for changes in body mass index (BMI), correlations remained significant for changes in fasting plasma glucose and -cell insulin sensitivity and with changes in triglycerides.Conclusions: Our data indicate the importance of both subcutaneous and subfascial fat in relationship to glucose and lipid metabolism.
Changes in Nutrient Intake and Dietary Quality among Participants with Type 2 Diabetes Following a Low-Fat Vegan Diet or a Conventional Diabetes Diet for 22 Weeks; Background Although vegan diets improve diabetes management, little is known about the nutrient profiles or diet quality of individuals with type 2 diabetes who adopt a vegan diet. Objective To assess the changes in nutrient intake and dietary quality among participants following a low-fat vegan diet or the 2003 American Diabetes Association dietary recommendations. Design A 22-week randomized, controlled clinical trial examining changes in nutrient intake and diet quality. Subjects/setting Participants with type 2 diabetes (n=99) in a free-living setting. Research design and methods Participants were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet or a 2003 American Diabetes Association recommended diet. Main outcome measures Nutrient intake and Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) scores were collected at baseline and 22 weeks. Statistical analyses performed Between-group t tests were calculated for changes between groups and paired comparison t tests were calculated for changes within-group. Pearson's correlation assessed relationship of AHEI score to hemoglobin Alc and body weight changes. Results Both groups reported significant decreases in energy, protein, fat, cholesterol, vitamin D, selenium, and sodium intakes. The vegan group also significantly reduced reported intakes of vitamin B-12 and calcium, and significantly increased carbohydrate, fiber, total vitamin A activity, beta carotene, vitamins K and C, folate, magnesium, and potassium. The American Diabetes Association recommended diet group also reported significant decreases in carbohydrate and iron, but reported no significant increases. The vegan group significantly improved its AHEI score (P<0.0001), while the American Diabetes Association recommended diet group did not (P=0.7218). The difference in AHEI score at 22 weeks between groups was significant (P<0.0001). With both groups combined, AHEI score was negatively correlated with both changes in hemoglobin Alc value (r=-0.24, P=0.016) and weight (r=-0.27, P=0.007). Conclusions Vegan diets increase intakes of carbohydrate, fiber, and several micronutrients, in contrast with the American Diabetes Association recommended diet. The vegan group improved its AHEI score whereas the American Diabetes Association recommended diet group's AHEI score remained unchanged. J Am Diet Assoc. 2008;108:1636-1645.
Associations between Nut Consumption and Health Vary between Omnivores, Vegetarians, and Vegans; Regular nut consumption is associated with reduced risk factors for chronic disease; however, most population-based studies lack consideration of effect modification by dietary pattern. The UK Women's Cohort Study (UKWCS) provides an ideal opportunity to examine relationships between nut consumption and chronic disease risk factors in a large sample with diverse dietary patterns. Nut and nutrient intake from 34,831 women was estimated using a food frequency questionnaire among self-identified omnivores, vegetarians and vegans. In this cross-sectional analysis, higher nut consumption was associated with lower body weight (difference between highest and lowest consumption categories from adjusted model: 6.1 kg; 95% CI: 4.7, 7.6) body mass index (BMI, 2.4 units difference; 95% CI: 1.9, 2.9), and waist circumference (2.6 cm difference; 95% CI: 1.4, 3.8) (all p for linear trend < 0.001). Higher nut consumption was also associated with reduced prevalence of high cholesterol and high blood pressure; having a history of heart attack, diabetes and gallstones; and markers of diet quality (all adjusted p for linear trend 0.011). Higher nut consumption appeared overall to be associated with greater benefits amongst omnivores compared to vegetarians and vegans. Findings support existing literature around beneficial effects of nut consumption and suggest that benefits may be larger among omnivores. Nut promotion strategies may have the highest population impact by specifically targeting this group.
Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in People with Type 2 Diabetes; Purpose of Review The primary objective of this review is to identify dietary patterns with beneficial effects on cardiovascular health of adults with type 2 diabetes. Recent Findings The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally. People with diabetes have a greater risk for cardiovascular disease. Mediterranean diet, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, vegetarian diet, traditional Korean diet, Japanese diet, and low-glycemic-index diet can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in people with diabetes. Summary Dietary intake is a key modifiable factor in the management of diabetes and plays a significant role in limiting the incidence of cardiovascular diseases.
Dietary inflammatory index or Mediterranean diet score as risk factors for total and cardiovascular mortality; Background and Aims: Dietary patterns are associated with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We aimed to examine associations of the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) and the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) with total, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study; and compare the strengths of the associations. Methods and Results: In our prospective cohort study of 41,513 men and women aged 40-69 years, a food frequency questionnaire was completed at baseline and mortality data were obtained via linkage with local and national registries over an average of 19 years follow up. At baseline, questionnaires were completed and physical measures and blood samples taken. Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for age, alcohol consumption, sex, region of origin, personal history of CVD or diabetes and family history of CVD, were used to assess associations between dietary scores and mortality. More Mediterranean or less inflammatory diets were associated with lower total, CVD and CHD mortality. The hazard ratio for total mortality comparing the highest and lowest quintiles was 1.16 (95%CI: 1.08-1.24) for DII; and 0.86 (95%CI: 0.80-0.93) comparing the highest and lowest three categories of MDS. Using the Bayesian information criterion, there was no evidence that the DII score was more strongly associated with total and CVD mortality than was the MDS. Conclusions: The MDI and the DII show similar associations with total and cardiovascular mortality, consistent with the consensus that plant-based diets are beneficial for health. (C) 2018 The Italian Society of Diabetology, the Italian Society for the Study of Atherosclerosis, the Italian Society of Human Nutrition, and the Department of Clinical Medicine and Surgery, Federico II University. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dietary Patterns and Risk of Death and Progression to ESRD in Individuals With CKD: A Cohort Study; Background: Nutrition is linked strongly with health outcomes in chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, few studies have examined relationships between dietary patterns and health outcomes in persons with CKD. Study Design: Observational cohort study. Setting & Participants: 3,972 participants with CKD (defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) or albumin-creatinine ratio >= 30 mg/g at baseline) from the Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) Study, a prospective cohort study of 30,239 black and white adults at least 45 years of age. Predictors: 5 empirically derived dietary patterns identified by factor analysis: "convenience" (Chinese and Mexican foods, pizza, and other mixed dishes), "plant-based" (fruits and vegetables), "sweets/fats" (sugary foods), "Southern" (fried foods, organ meats, and sweetened beverages), and "alcohol/salads" (alcohol, green-leafy vegetables, and salad dressing). Outcomes: All-cause mortality and end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Results: 816 deaths and 141 ESRD events were observed over approximately 6 years of follow-up. There were no statistically significant associations of convenience, sweets/fats, or alcohol/salads pattern scores with all-cause mortality after multivariable adjustment. In Cox regression models adjusted for sociodemographic factors, energy intake, comorbid conditions, and baseline kidney function, higher plant-based pattern scores (indicating greater consistency with the pattern) were associated with lower risk of mortality (HR comparing fourth to first quartile, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.61-0.97), whereas higher Southern pattern scores were associated with greater risk of mortality (HR comparing fourth to first quartile, 1.51; 95% CI, 1.19-1.92). There were no associations of dietary patterns with incident ESRD in multivariable-adjusted models. Limitations: Missing dietary pattern data, potential residual confounding from lifestyle factors. Conclusions: A Southern dietary pattern rich in processed and fried foods was associated independently with mortality in persons with CKD. In contrast, a diet rich in fruits and vegetables appeared to be protective. (C) 2014 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Dietary patterns during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study in Western China; Previous research has demonstrated the association between maternal dietary patterns and gestational diabetes (GDM), but evidence in Asian populations remains limited and inconsistent. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns during early pregnancy and the risk of GDM among pregnant women in Western China. A prospective cohort study was conducted among 1337 pregnant women in Western China. Dietary intakes were assessed at 15-20 weeks of gestation using a validated food frequency questionnaire. GDM was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance tests at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Exploratory factor analysis was performed to derive dietary patterns, and logistic regression models were used to examine the association between dietary patterns and GDM. A total of 199 women (14.9%) developed GDM. Three dietary patterns were identified, namely, a plant-based pattern, a meat-based pattern and a high protein-low starch pattern. Notwithstanding a lack of association between dietary patterns and GDM risk in the whole cohort, there was a significant reduction in GDM risk among overweight women (BMI ae<yen>24 kg/m(2)); the odds ratio being 0.29 (95% confidence interval 0.09 to 0.94) when comparing the highest versus the lowest score of the high protein-low starch pattern. There was no significant association between early pregnancy dietary patterns and GDM risk later in pregnancy for women in Western China, but high protein-low starch diet was associated with lower risk for GDM among women who were overweight at pre-pregnancy.
Dietary intervention in the management of prostate cancer; Purpose of review This review integrates recent reports related to the dietary management of prostate cancer with the existing body of science in an effort to best inform practicing clinicians. Recent findings Dietary factors are hypothesized to play a significant role in prostate cancer, and have proven to be important in managing prevalent comorbidities in this patient population (cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis). Data regarding diet and prostate cancer are accumulating and randomized controlled trials are underway which will ultimately yield evidence on which to base recommendations regarding dietary regimens, functional foods, and supplement use. Until that time, most data derive from epidemiologic studies that have limitations in showing cause and effect. During the past year, the greatest and most consistent strides have been made in the area of energy balance, with data consistently showing that overweight and obesity are associated with progressive disease and increased overall mortality. Summary To date, the strongest evidence regarding diet and prostate cancer relates to energy balance. Urologists aspiring to best clinical practice should encourage their patients to achieve a healthful body weight through regular exercise and a healthful plant-based diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains. Advocating functional foods or supplements explicitly for cancer control purposes would currently be premature.
Candidate foods in the Asia-Pacific region for cardiovascular protection: nuts, soy, lentils and tempe; Cross-cultural and intervention studies increasingly point the way to seeds like nuts, soy and lentils and products of them like tempe being cardioprotective. Soy and its products (like tofu, tempe. soy drinks and soy desserts) are historically and currently some of the most important foods in the Asian region where diets remain predominantly plant-based, The mechanisms by which these seeds may protect populations against cardiovascular disease are several. Thru include the minimisation of classical risk factors like positive energy balance leading to obesity hypertension, dyslipidemia and insulin resistance with hyperglycaemia. However, in addition, they provide compounds like n-3 fatty acids, isoflavones and arginine which are only now recognised for their ability to optimise other pathways which connect lifestyle to cardiovascular disease - like oxidant status, vascular reactivity and myocardial electrical stability and proneness to dysrhythmia. Thus, once an Asian food culture changes on its emphasis on these plant foods, it may place its consumers at cardiovascular risk.
Short-term effects of green tea chronotherapy on the metabolic homeostasis of mice on different diets; Biological rhythms can be defined as changes in physiological or behavioral variables that repeat at certain time intervals. Rhythms that last approximately 24 h are referred to as circadian rhythms. Modern lifestyles have drastically affected human habits, as well as the population's eating habits. These changes have generated an epidemic of metabolic syndromes, such as obesity and diabetes. In an attempt to combat obesity, populations have attempted to use many different herbal remedies and plant-based drugs, the most common of which is Camellia sinensis, or green tea. Most of the studies on the effects of C. sinensis on maintaining body weight have reported the involvement of this substance in lipid oxidation. The objective of this study was to evaluate how the administration of C. sinensis at different times of day influenced changes in body weight, blood glucose levels, and food intake of mice kept under different diet conditions. The structural organization of abdominal adipose tissue was also evaluated, as were certain aspects of lipid metabolism and overall synthetic activity in the liver, adipose tissue, and ovaries. The results obtained suggest that the intake of green tea in the light phase of the day stimulates weight loss, regardless of the diet ingested. Neither glucose levels nor the structural organization of adipose tissue was found to be altered in any of the experimental groups. Neither diet nor the time at which the green tea was administered was found to have any effects on the amount of food the mice consumed. The time at which green tea was consumed and the type of diet both influenced LXRa beta nuclear receptor expression, as well as the expression of fibrillarin in the liver and ovaries, although this influence was tissue specific.
Familial history: a risk factor of type 2 diabetes among the "Aggarwal" population of Delhi, India; Anthropologically, the majority of Indian population structure could be discerned in terms of different endogamous population groups (who marry between the clans), but unfortunately we still remain unaware about the epidemiological burden of type 2 diabetes (T2D) among different endogamous groups in India. We assessed the effect of family history on the risk of T2D among the Aggarwal (endogamous caste group) population of Delhi, a hospital-based case-control association study among the target population group of Delhi. Sixty percent of the cases reported familial history of type 2 diabetes. We found that the family history of T2D among Aggarwals significantly increases the odds of disease to 2.3 (confidence interval; 1.5041 to 3.5077). Cultural hallmarks, e.g., sedentary lifestyle, high socioeconomic status, and fat-enriched vegetarian dietary habits (86 %; pure-vegetarian) were noted in the present population. These factors correlated with age, waist to hip ratio, and blood pressure, which were important indicators for T2D in our study. The family history is a pertinent risk factor of T2D in this population group and can robustly predict the risk of T2D in their family and kinship. We suggest that the familial history of diabetes can be used as a potential public health tool for conducting population and culture-based epidemiological surveys that are required for better understanding of susceptibility to type 2 diabetes.
Nutritional Strategies in Type 2 Diabetes; Weight loss is a key goal in the management of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. There are conflicting weight-loss strategies, including low-carbohydrate diets, low-glycemic-index diets, low-fat vegan diets, conventional low-fat diets, and high protein and high-monounsaturated fat diets. There is no evidence to suggest that 1 nutrional strategy is clearly the best. The most successful strategy is one that the patient can adopt and follow in the long term. Mt Sinai J Med 76:257-268, 2009. (C) 2009 Mount Sinai School of Medicine
Skeletal Muscle Mitochondrial Respiration Is Elevated in Female Cynomolgus Macaques Fed a Western Compared with a Mediterranean Diet; Background: Western diets are associated with increased incidences of obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, whereas Mediterranean diets, richer in polyphenols, monounsaturated fats, fruits, vegetables, poultry, and fish, appear to have cardiometabolic health benefits. Previous work has included population-based studies with limited evidence for causation or animal studies focused on single macro-or micronutrients; therefore, primate animal models provide an opportunity to determine potential mechanisms underlying the effects of dietary patterns on health and disease. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the effects of whole dietary patterns, either a Western or Mediterranean diet, on skeletal muscle mitochondrial bioenergetics in cynomolgus macaques. Methods: In this study, 22 adult female cynomolgus macaques (similar to 11-14 y by dentition) were fed either a Western or Mediterranean diet for 30 mo. The Western diet was designed to mimic the diet of a middle-aged American woman and the Mediterranean diet included key aspects of Mediterranean diets studied in humans, such as plant-based proteins and fat, complex carbohydrates, and fiber. Diets were matched on macronutrient composition (16% protein, 54% carbohydrate, and 31% fat) and cholesterol content. Skeletal muscle was collected for high-resolution respirometry, citrate synthase activity, and western blot measurements. Pearson correlation analysis between respirometry measures and measures of carbohydrate metabolism was also performed. Results: We found that consumption of a Western diet resulted in significantly higher mitochondrial respiration with fatty acid oxidation (FAO) (53%), FAO + complex I (52%), complex I + II (31%), max electron transport system (ETS) (31%), and ETS rotenone sensitive (31%) than did consumption of a Mediterranean diet. In addition, measures of respiration in response to fatty acids were significantly and positively correlated with both insulin resistance and plasma insulin concentrations. Conclusions: This study highlights the importance of dietary composition in mitochondrial bioenergetics and that diet can influence skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiration independently of other factors such as macronutrient composition.
Are we really what we eat? Nutrition and its role in the onset of rheumatoid arthritis; Accumulating research evidence suggests that individual dietary factors and dietary patterns might be implicated in the risk of development of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). This narrative review aims to present this evidence and provide nutritional recommendations for reducing RA risk in susceptible individuals. Overall, a 'Western' type diet rich in energy intake, total and saturated fat, an unbalanced ratio of n-3 to n-6 fatty acids, high in refined carbohydrates and sugar and low in fiber and antioxidants might increase the risk of RA both directly through increasing inflammation and indirectly through increasing insulin resistance and obesity, with the latter being a known risk factor for RA. On the contrary, consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, derived from fish and fish oil, is associated with a reduced risk of RA probably due to their anti-inflammatory properties. The Mediterranean diet (MD), rich in plant-based foods such as wholegrains, legumes, fruit, vegetables, extra-virgin olive oil and low in red meat consumption, might have the potential to reduce the risk of RA. Based on current research evidence, it is suggested that adherence to the MD enhanced with an increased consumption of fatty fish, reduced consumption of sugar-sweetened drinks and maintenance of a normal body weight, contributes to reducing the risk of RA. Further research on RA susceptibility will allow for more specific dietary recommendations to be made.
Gut microbiota and Ma-Pi 2 macrobiotic diet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes; In the past 10 years the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has increased hugely worldwide, driven by a rise in the numbers of overweight and obese individuals. A number of diets have been shown to be effective for the management of T2DM: the Mediterranean diet, the vegetarian diet and the low-calorie diet. Results of studies clearly indicate, however, that the efficacy of these diets is not solely related to the biochemical structure of the individual nutrients they contain. This review discusses this point with reference to the potential role of the intestinal microbiota in diabetes. The macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet is rich in carbohydrates, whole grains and vegetables, with no animal fat or protein or added sugar. In short-and medium-term trials conducted in patients with T2DM, the Ma-Pi 2 diet has been found to significantly improve indicators of metabolic control, including fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, the serum lipid profile, body mass index, body weight and blood pressure. The diet may also alter the gut microbiota composition, which could additionally affect glycemic control. As a result, the Ma-Pi 2 diet could be considered a valid additional short-to medium-term treatment for T2DM.
Meat Consumption as a Risk Factor for Type 2 Diabetes; Disease risk factors identified in epidemiological studies serve as important public health tools, helping clinicians identify individuals who may benefit from more aggressive screening or risk-modification procedures, allowing policymakers to prioritize intervention programs, and encouraging at-risk individuals to modify behavior and improve their health. These factors have been based primarily on evidence from cross-sectional and prospective studies, as most do not lend themselves to randomized trials. While some risk factors are not modifiable, eating habits are subject to change through both individual action and broader policy initiatives. Meat consumption has been frequently investigated as a variable associated with diabetes risk, but it has not yet been described as a diabetes risk factor. In this article, we evaluate the evidence supporting the use of meat consumption as a clinically useful risk factor for type 2 diabetes, based on studies evaluating the risks associated with meat consumption as a categorical dietary characteristic (i.e., meat consumption versus no meat consumption), as a scalar variable (i.e., gradations of meat consumption), or as part of a broader dietary pattern.
Liquorice and soy sauce, a life-saving concoction in a patient with Addison's disease; Addison's disease is a relatively common disorder to endocrinologists, but is rare and potentially fatal when presenting acutely. Treatment now involves replacement of glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids with synthetic compounds, although historically patients took common salt and plant-based preparations. We describe the case of a 42-year-old woman who self-treated undiagnosed Addison's disease for several years with soy sauce and liquorice sticks. She presented with a four week history of decreased energy, malaise and postural dizziness. Our patient described an unusual diet of liquorice sticks and soy sauce, consuming around 46 g of salt per week. There was a family history of Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Physical examination was unremarkable, although subsequent investigation confirmed Addison's disease. Liquorice provided glycyrrhizic acid and glycyrrhetinic acid, which act on 11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase enzymes. In this case, the net effect was potentiation of glucocorticoid action on renal mineralocorticoid receptors in the context of failing adrenocortical steroid production. The case highlights the importance of taking a dietary history to aid diagnosis.
Diet, Obesity, and Prostate Health: Are We Missing the Link?; Prostate problems, such as benign prostatic hyperplasia, prostatic intra-epithelial neoplasia, prostatitis, and prostate cancer have been recognized as problems largely related to androgens and genetic factors. They affect a large fraction of the elderly population, contributing significantly to morbidity and mortality. Estrogen has also now been recognized as one of the important regulators of prostate growth. Diet, general health, and obesity were disregarded as the causative or complicating factors until very recently. Increasing episodes of prostate problems, complications in overweight/obese individuals, or both have attracted attention toward these contemporary risk factors. Prostate problems are reportedly less frequent or less severe in areas in which a plant-based diet is predominant. Consumption of certain fatty acids, particularly of animal origin, has been correlated with increased prostate problems. As adipose tissue is increasingly being regarded as hormonally active tissue, high body fat and obesity need in-depth exploration to understand the associated risk of prostate problems. Adipose tissue is now known to affect circulating levels of several bioactive messengers and therefore could affect the risk of developing prostate problems in addition to several other well-recognized health problems. Nevertheless, increased plasma volume, excess tissue growth, and fat deposition could affect resection and number of biopsies required, thus adding further complications because of a delayed diagnosis. In short, evidence is gathering to support the influence of diet and obesity on prostate health. In this review article, we have tried to make this connection more apparent using supporting published data.
Interplay between different polyunsaturated fatty acids and risk of coronary heart disease in men; Background - Consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) may reduce coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, but n-6 PUFAs may compete with n-3 PUFA metabolism and attenuate benefits. Additionally, seafood-based, long-chain n-3 PUFAs may modify the effects of plant-based, intermediate-chain n-3 PUFAs. However, the interactions of these PUFAs in relation to CHD risk are not well established. Methods and Results - Among 45 722 men free of known cardiovascular disease in 1986, usual dietary intake was assessed at baseline and every 4 years by using validated food-frequency questionnaires. CHD incidence was prospectively ascertained. Over 14 years of follow-up, participants experienced 218 sudden deaths, 1521 nonfatal myocardial infarctions (MIs), and 2306 total CHD events ( combined sudden death, other CHD deaths, and nonfatal MI). In multivariate-adjusted analyses, both long-chain and intermediate-chain n-3 PUFA intakes were associated with lower CHD risk, without modification by n-6 PUFA intake. For example, men with greater than or equal to median long-chain n-3 PUFA intake ( greater than or equal to 250 mg/d) had a reduced risk of sudden death whether n-6 PUFA intake was below ( < 11.2 g/d; hazard ratio [HR] = 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.34 to 0.79) or above ( >= 11.2 gd; HR = 0.60; 95% CI = 0.39 to 0.93) the median compared with men with a < median intake of both. In similar analyses, greater than or equal to median intake of intermediate-chain n-3 PUFAs ( greater than or equal to 1080 mg/d) was associated with a reduced total CHD risk whether n-6 PUFA intake was lower (HR = 0.88; 95% CI = 0.78 to 0.99) or higher (HR = 0.89; 95% CI = 0.79 to 0.99) compared with a < median intake of both. Intermediate-chain n-3 PUFAs were particularly associated with CHD risk when long-chain n-3 PUFA intake was very low ( < 100 mg/d); among these men, each 1 g/d of intermediate-chain n-3 PUFA intake was associated with an approximate to 50% lower risk of nonfatal MI ( HR = 0.42; 95% CI = 0.23 to 0.75) and total CHD ( HR = 0.53; 95% CI = 0.34 to 0.83). Conclusions - n-3 PUFAs from both seafood and plant sources may reduce CHD risk, with little apparent influence from background n-6 PUFA intake. Plant-based n-3 PUFAs may particularly reduce CHD risk when seafood-based n-3 PUFA intake is low, which has implications for populations with low consumption or availability of fatty fish.
"A Vegetarian vs. Conventional Hypocaloric Diet: The Effect on Physical Fitness in Response to Aerobic Exercise in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes." A Parallel Randomized Study; It has been shown that it is possible to modify macronutrient oxidation, physical fitness and resting energy expenditure (REE) by changes in diet composition. Furthermore, mitochondrial oxidation can be significantly increased by a diet with a low glycemic index. The purpose of our trial was to compare the effects of a vegetarian (V) and conventional diet (C) with the same caloric restriction (500 kcal/day) on physical fitness and REE after 12 weeks of diet plus aerobic exercise in 74 patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). An open, parallel, randomized study design was used. All meals were provided for the whole study duration. An individualized exercise program was prescribed to the participants and was conducted under supervision. Physical fitness was measured by spiroergometry and indirect calorimetry was performed at the start and after 12 weeks Repeated-measures ANOVA (Analysis of variance) models with between-subject (group) and within-subject (time) factors and interactions were used for evaluation of the relationships between continuous variables and factors. Maximal oxygen consumption (VO2max) increased by 12% in vegetarian group (V) (F = 13.1, p < 0.001, partial eta(2) = 0.171), whereas no significant change was observed in C (F = 0.7, p = 0.667; group x time F = 9.3, p = 0.004, partial eta(2) = 0.209). Maximal performance (Watt max) increased by 21% in V (F = 8.3, p < 0.001, partial eta(2) = 0.192), whereas it did not change in C (F = 1.0, p = 0.334; group x time F = 4.2, p = 0.048, partial eta(2) = 0.116). Our results indicate that V leads more effectively to improvement in physical fitness than C after aerobic exercise program.
Vegetarian diet improves insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers more than conventional diet in subjects with Type 2 diabetes; Aims The aim of this study was to compare the effects of calorie-restricted vegetarian and conventional diabetic diets alone and in combination with exercise on insulin resistance, visceral fat and oxidative stress markers in subjects with Type 2 diabetes. Methods A 24-week, randomized, open, parallel design was used. Seventy-four patients with Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (n = 37), which received a vegetarian diet, or the control group (n = 37), which received a conventional diabetic diet. Both diets were isocaloric, calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). All meals during the study were provided. The second 12 weeks of the diet were combined with aerobic exercise. Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks and 24 weeks. Primary outcomes were: insulin sensitivity measured by hyperinsulinaemic isoglycaemic clamp; volume of visceral and subcutaneous fat measured by magnetic resonance imaging; and oxidative stress measured by thiobarbituric acid reactive substances. Analyses were by intention to treat. Results Forty-three per cent of participants in the experimental group and 5% of participants in the control group reduced diabetes medication (P < 0.001). Body weight decreased more in the experimental group than in the control group [-6.2 kg (95% CI-6.6 to-5.3) vs.-3.2 kg(95% CI-3.7 to-2.5); interaction group x time P = 0.001]. An increase in insulin sensitivity was significantly greater in the experimental group than in the control group [30% (95% CI 24.5-39) vs. 20% (95% CI 14-25), P = 0.04]. A reduction in both visceral and subcutaneous fat was greater in the experimental group than in the control group (P = 0.007 and P = 0.02, respectively). Plasma adiponectin increased (P = 0.02) and leptin decreased (P = 0.02) in the experimental group, with no change in the control group. Vitamin C, superoxide dismutase and reduced glutathione increased in the experimental group (P = 0.002, P < 0.001 and P = 0.02, respectively). Differences between groups were greater after the addition of exercise training. Changes in insulin sensitivity and enzymatic oxidative stress markers correlated with changes in visceral fat. Conclusions A calorie-restricted vegetarian diet had greater capacity to improve insulin sensitivity compared with a conventional diabetic diet over 24 weeks. The greater loss of visceral fat and improvements in plasma concentrations of adipokines and oxidative stress markers with this diet may be responsible for the reduction of insulin resistance. The addition of exercise training further augmented the improved outcomes with the vegetarian diet. Diabet. Med. 28, 549-559 (2011)
Dietary strategies for improving post-prandial glucose, lipids, inflammation, and cardiovascular health; The highly processed, calorie-dense, nutrient-depleted diet favored in the current American culture frequently leads to exaggerated supraphysiological post-prandial spikes in blood glucose and lipids. This state, called postprandial dysmetabolism, induces immediate oxidant stress, which increases in direct proportion to the increases in glucose and triglycericles after a meal. The transient increase in free radicals acutely triggers atherogenic changes including inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, hypercoagulability, and sympathetic hyperactivity. Post-prandial dysmetabolism is an independent predictor of future cardiovascular events even in nondiabetic individuals. Improvements in diet exert profound and immediate favorable changes in the post-prandial dysmetabolism. Specifically, a diet high in minimally processed, high-fiber, plant-based foods such as vegetables and fruits, whole grains, legumes, and nuts will markedly blunt the post-meal increase in glucose, triglycerides, and inflammation. Additionally, lean protein, vinegar, fish oil, tea, cinnamon, calorie restriction, weight loss, exercise, and low-dose to moderate-dose alcohol each positively impact post-prandial dysmetabolism. Experimental and epidemiological studies indicate that eating patterns, such as the traditional Mediterranean or Okinawan diets, that incorporate these types of foods and beverages reduce inflammation and cardiovascular risk. This anti-inflammatory diet should be considered for the primary and secondary prevention of coronary artery disease and diabetes.
Dietary Pattern and Plasma BCAA-Variations in Healthy Men and WomenResults from the KarMeN Study; Branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) in plasma are discussed as risk factors for the onset of several diseases. Information about the contribution of the overall diet to plasma BCAA concentrations is controversial. Our objective was to investigate which dietary pattern is associated with plasma BCAA concentrations and whether other additional nutrients besides BCAA further characterize this dietary pattern. Based on the cross-sectional KarMeN study, fasting plasma amino acid (AA) concentrations, as well as current and habitual dietary intake were assessed in 298 healthy individuals. Using reduced rank regression, we derived a habitual dietary pattern that explained 32.5% of plasma BCAA variation. This pattern was high in meat, sausages, sauces, eggs, and ice cream but low in nuts, cereals, mushrooms, and pulses. The age, sex, and energy intake adjusted dietary pattern score was associated with an increase in animal-based protein together with a decrease in plant-based protein, dietary fiber, and an unfavorable fatty acid composition. Besides BCAA, alanine, lysine and the aromatic AA were positively associated with the dietary pattern score as well. All of these factors were reported to be associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases before. Our data suggest that rather than the dietary intake of BCAA, the overall dietary pattern that contributes to high BCAA plasma concentrations may modulate chronic diseases risk.
Effects Of Edible Oils In Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes along with dyslipidaemia is increasing alarmingly in India and in some parts of South-East Asia. The causes of this malady are yet to be known though urban life-style and diet are considered to be the two most important factors. Indians are mostly lacto-vegetarians. The intake of fats and oils are less in the Indian diet. Edible oils act as important dietary sources of fats and oils. Some oilseeds are cultivated in India, while a portion is imported to satisfy the need of the population. Indians have a predilection towards fried items and a large portion of fat requirements are fulfilled through this habit. Oils have different biological effects in different conditions, especially in patients suffering from Type 2 Diabetes with dyslipidaemia. Hence, there is a need to have a comprehensive study of all these edible fats and oils in human beings, both in normal and in disease conditions. Our study highlighted the effect of different edible oils such as Sunflower oil, soyabean oil, sesame oil, groundnut oil, mustard oil, coconut oil, ghee and palm oil on humans and the results indicated that sesame oil has the most benefit, followed by mustard oil.
Shifts on Gut Microbiota Associated to Mediterranean Diet Adherence and Specific Dietary Intakes on General Adult Population; There is increasing evidence for the interaction between gut microbiome, diet, and health. It is known that dysbiosis is related to disease and that most of the times this imbalances in gut microbial populations can be promoted through diet. Western dietary habits, which are characterized by high intakes of calories, animal proteins, saturated fats, and simple sugars have been linked with higher risk of obesity, diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the impact of dietary patterns, dietary components, and nutrients on gut microbiota in healthy people. The aim of our study is to determine the effect of nutrient compounds as well as adherence to a dietary pattern, as the Mediterranean diet (MD) on the gut microbiome of healthy adults. Consequently, gut microbiota composition in healthy individuals, may be used as a potential biomarker to identify nutritional habits as well as risk of disease related to these habits. Dietary information from healthy volunteers (n = 27) was recorded using the Food Frequency Questionnaire. Adherence to the MD was measured using the PREDIMED test. Microbiota composition and diversity were obtained by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and specific quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Microbial metabolic activity was determined by quantification of short chain fatty acids (SCFA) on high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The results indicated that a higher ratio of Firmicutes-Bacteroidetes was related to lower adherence to the MD, and greater presence of Bacteroidetes was associated with lower animal protein intake. High consumption of animal protein, saturated fats, and sugars affected gut microbiota diversity. A significant higher presence of Christensenellaceae was found in normal weight individuals compared to those who were overweight. This was also the case in volunteers with greater adherence to the MD compared to those with lower adherence. Butyricimonas, Desulfovibrio, and Oscillospira genera were associated with a BMI <25 and the genus Catenibacterium with a higher PREDIMED score. Higher bifidobacterial counts, and higher total SCFA were related to greater consumption of plant-based nutrients, such as vegetable proteins and polysaccharides. Better adherence to the MD was associated with significantly higher levels of total SCFA. Consequently, diet and specific dietary components could affect microbiota composition, diversity, and activity, which may have an effect on host metabolism by increasing the risk of Western diseases.
The glycemic index. A current controversy; The nutrition community is divided over de rol of de Glycemic Index (GI) or Glycemic Load (GL) in the dietetic management of Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and in the prevention of chronic diseases as DM, Obesity, Insulin Resistance (IR), Cardiovascular diseases and Cancer. The concept of GI and GL of food and diet is defined. Methodological problem are analyzed: poor standardization, bad reproducibility and high variability. The factors that determines the food glycemic index and the causes of it variability are. analyzed. Recent and qualified clinical and epidemiological evidences about the relation between the GI and GL of food and diet, on the management of DM, and prevention of Obesity, DM, RI, Cardiovascular disease and Cancer, are discussed. Is concluded that there are insufficient evidences of clinical efficacy in the use of this concept for the prevention of Obesity, IR, Cardiovascular diseases and Cancer. In relation to the treatment of DM, ADA states that the most important dietetic tool is the reduction of the total amount of carbohydrates, but accepts that the use of the GI could give additional benefits. Although de GI has the potential to be a valuable clinical tool. For now consumers should focus on eating a diet plant-based, with a variety of vegetables, fruits, whole grain and legumes. At the moment we must be caution in making dietary changes based solely in this concept.
Dairy Products, Dairy Fatty Acids, and the Prevention of Cardiometabolic Disease: a Review of Recent Evidence; Purpose of Review To examine recent literature on dairy products, dairy fatty acids, and cardiometabolic disease. Primary questions of interest include what unique challenges researchers face when investigating dairy products/biomarkers, whether one should consume dairy to reduce disease risk, whether dairy fatty acids may be beneficial for health, and whether one should prefer low- or high-fat dairy products. Recent Findings Dairy composes about 10% of the calories in a typical American diet, about half of that coming from fluid milk, half coming from cheese, and small amounts from yogurt. Most meta-analyses report no or weak inverse association between dairy intake with cardiovascular disease and related intermediate outcomes. There is some suggestion that dairy consumption was inversely associated with stroke incidence and yogurt consumption was associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Odd chain fatty acids (OCFAs) found primarily in dairy (15:0 and 17:0) appear to be inversely associated with cardiometabolic risk, but causation is uncertain. Substitution analyses based on prospective cohorts suggested that replacing dairy fat with vegetable fat or polyunsaturated fat was associated with significantly lower risk of cardiovascular disease. Summary Current evidence suggests null or weak inverse association between consumption of dairy products and risk of cardiovascular disease. However, replacing dairy fat with polyunsaturated fat, especially from plant-based foods, may confer health benefits. More research is needed to examine health effects of different types of dairy products in diverse populations.
A low-fat vegan diet improves glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in a randomized clinical trial in individuals with type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - We sought to investigate whether a low-fat vegan diet improves glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with type 2 diabetes, RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Individuals with type 2 diabetes (n = 99) were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (n = 49) or a diet following the American Diabetes Association (ADA) guidelines (n = 50). Participants were evaluated at baseline and 22 weeks. RESULTS - Forty-three percent (21 of 49) of the vegan group and 26% (13 of 50) of the ADA group participants reduced diabetes medications. Including all participants, HbA(1c), (A1C) decreased 0.96 percentage points in the vegan group and 0.56 points in the ADA group (P = 0.089). Excluding those who changed medications, A1C fell 1.23 points in the vegan group compared with 0.38 points in the ADA group (P = 0.01). Body weight decreased 6.5 kg in the vegan group and 3.1 kg in the ADA group (P < 0.001). Body weight change correlated with A1C change (r = 0.51, n = 57, P < 0.0001). Among those who did not change lipid-lowering medications, LDL cholesterol fell 21.2% in the vegan group and 10.7% in the ADA group (P = 0.02). After adjustment for baseline values, urinary albumin reductions were greater in the vegan group (15.9 mg/24h) than in the ADA group (10.9 mg/24 h) (P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS - Both a low-fat vegan diet and a diet based on ADA guidelines improved glycemic and lipid control in type 2 diabetic patients. These improvements were greater with a low-fat vegan diet.
Effects of a protective hydrolyzed casein diet upon the metabolic and secretory responses of pancreatic islets to IL-1β, cytokine production by mesenteric lymph node cells, mitogenic and biosynthetic activities in Peyer's patch cells, and mitogenic activity in pancreatic lymph node cells from control and diabetes-prone BB rats; The effects of substituting a plant-based control diabetogenic diet (NIH diet) by a protective hydrolyzed casein diet (HC diet) upon selected metabolic and functional variables were recently investigated in Peyer's patch cells, splenocytes, mesenteric lymph node cells, and pancreatic islets from either control (BBc) or diabetes-prone (EBdp) EB rats. In the present work, the plasma D-glucose and insulin concentrations, the protein and insulin content of pancreatic islets, the metabolism of D-glucose, and its insulinotropic action in islets first cultured for 24 h in the absence or presence of IL-1 beta, the production of IFN-gamma and IL-10 by mesenteric lymph node cells cultured for 48 h in the absence or presence of concanavalin A, the mitogenic activity of Peyer's patch cells and pancreatic lymph node cells in the absence or presence of the same lectin, and the biosynthetic activity of Peyer's patch cells were measured in the BBc and BBdp rats fed either the NIH or the HC diet. Two major novel findings emerged from this study. First, in immune cells, diet HC increased to a greater extent the responsiveness to concanavalin A of certain metabolic and functional variables in BBdp rats than in BBc rats. Secend, pancreatic islet cells of BBdp rats were less sensitive to IL-1 beta than those of BBc rats and this difference was further accentuated when the animals were fed the HC rather than the NIH diet. These findings afford further support to the view that, in BE rats, changes in the biological behavior of Peyer's patch cells, mesenteric and pancreatic lymph node cells, and pancreatic islet cells participate in the pathogenesis of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its prevention by a suitable dietary manipulation. (C) 1999 Academic Press.
EFFECT OF FOOD PROCESSING ON THE PHYSICOCHEMICAL PROPERTIES OF DIETARY FIBRE; Products derived from the manufacturing or processing of plant based foods: cereals, fruits, vegetables, as well as algae, are sources of abundant dietary fibre. Diets high in dietary fibre have been associated with the reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and gastrointestinal disorders. These fibre-rich products and byproducts can also fortify foods, increase their dietary fibre content and result in healthy products, low in calories, cholesterol and fat. Traditionally, consumers have chosen foods such as whole grains, fruits and vegetables as sources of dietary fibre. Recently, food manufacturers have responded to consumer demand for foods with a higher fibre content by developing products in which high-fibre ingredients are used. Different food processing methods also increase the dietary fiber content of food. Moreover, its chemical and physical properties may be affected by food processing. Some of them might even improve the functionality of fibre. Therefore, they may also be applied as functional ingredients to improve physical properties like the physical and structural properties of hydration, oil-holding capacity, viscosity. This study was conducted to examine the effect of different food processing methods on the physicochemical properties of dietary fibre.
Dietary Patterns among Asian Indians Living in the United States Have Distinct Metabolomic Profiles That Are Associated with Cardiometabolic Risk; Background: Recent studies, primarily in non-Hispanic whites, suggest that dietary patterns have distinct metabolomic signatures that may influence disease risk. However, evidence in South Asians, a group with unique dietary patterns and a high prevalence of cardiometabolic risk, is lacking. Objective: We investigated the metabolomic profiles associated with 2 distinct dietary patterns among a sample of Asian Indians living in the United States. We also examined the cross-sectional associations between metabolomic profiles and cardiometabolic risk markers. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 145 Asian Indians, aged 45-79 y, in the Metabolic Syndrome and Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) pilot study. Metabolomic profiles were measured from fasting serum samples. Usual diet was assessed by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. We used principal components analysis to derive dietary and metabolomic patterns. We used adjusted general linear regression models to examine associations between dietary patterns, individual food groups, metabolite patterns, and cardiometabolic risk markers. Results: We observed 2 major principal components or metabolite clusters, the first comprised primarily of medium-to long-chain acylcarnitines (metabolite pattern 1) and the second characterized by branched-chain amino acids, aromatic amino acids, and short-chain acylcarnitines (metabolite pattern 2). A "Western/nonvegetarian" pattern was significantly and positively associated with metabolite pattern 2 (all participants: beta +/- SE = 0.180 +/- 0.090, P = 0.05; participants without type 2 diabetes: beta +/- SE = 0.323 +/- 0.090, P = 0.0005). In all participants, higher scores on metabolite pattern 2 were adversely associated with measures of glycemia (fasting insulin: beta +/- SE = 2.91 +/- 1.29, P = 0.03; 2-h insulin: beta +/- SE = 22.1 +/- 10.3, P = 0.03; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance: beta +/- SE = 0.94 +/- 0.42, P = 0.03), total adiponectin (beta +/- SE = -1.46 +/- 0.47, P = 0.002), lipids (total cholesterol: beta +/- SE = 7.51 +/- 3.45, P = 0.03; triglycerides: beta +/- SE = 14.4 +/- 6.67, P = 0.03), and a radiographic measure of hepatic fat (liver-to-spleen attenuation ratio: beta +/- SE = -0.83 +/- 0.42, P = 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that a "Western/nonvegetarian" dietary pattern is associated with a metabolomic profile that is related to an adverse cardiometabolic profile in Asian Indians. Public health efforts to reduce cardiometabolic disease burden in this high-risk group should focus on consuming a healthy plant-based diet.
An ethnobotanical survey of antidiabetic medicinal plants used by the Bodo tribe of Kokrajhar district, Assam; Diabetes mellitus (DM) belongs to the group of diseases causing major health problems in India and world at large. Natural products including medicinal plants are known to treat various diseases worldwide since ancient times. It is well known that plants are a great source of bioactive compounds having tremendous medicinal properties and can be used to discover plant-based drugs with lesser side effects. A survey was carried out among the Bodo community of Kokrajhar district of Assam to explore the traditional knowledge on medicinal plants against diabetes using semi-structured interviews among the local healers and elderly people. A total of 54 informants were interviewed in a face-to-face manner following ready made questionnaire, of which 15 healers were known to have knowledge regarding antidiabetic medicinal plants. A total of 37 medicinal plants, belonging to 24 families and 33 genera were found to be used by traditional healers of Kokrajhar district to cure diabetes. The mostly cited plant was found to be Hodgsonia heteroclita (Roxb.) followed by Andrographis paniculata (Burm. f.) Nees. Out of the 24 families, Apocynaceae was found to be the most popular plant family with four numbers of plants.
Food-Insecure Dietary Patterns Are Associated With Poor Longitudinal Glycemic Control in Diabetes: Results From the Boston Puerto Rican Health Study; OBJECTIVE To determine whether dietary patterns associated with food insecurity are associated with poor longitudinal glycemic control. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a prospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study, we ascertained food security (Food Security Survey Module), dietary pattern (Healthy Eating Index-2005 [HEI 2005]), and hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) in Puerto Rican adults aged 45-75 years with diabetes at baseline (2004-2009) and HbA(1c) at similar to 2 years follow-up (2006-2012). We determined associations between food insecurity and dietary pattern and assessed whether those dietary patterns were associated with poorer HbA(1c) concentration over time, using multivariable-adjusted repeated subjects mixed-effects models. RESULTS There were 584 participants with diabetes at baseline and 516 at follow-up. Food-insecure participants reported lower overall dietary quality and lower intake of fruit and vegetables. A food insecurity*HEI 2005 interaction (P < 0.001) suggested that better diet quality was more strongly associated with lower HbA(1c) in food-insecure than food-secure participants. In adjusted models, lower follow-up HbA(1c) was associated with greater HEI 2005 score (beta = -0.01 HbA(1c)% per HEI 2005 point, per year, P = 0.003) and with subscores of total vegetables (beta = -0.09, P = 0.04) and dark green and orange vegetables and legumes (beta = -0.06, P = 0.048). Compared with the minimum total vegetable score, a participant with the maximum score showed relative improvements of HbA(1c) of 0.5% per year. CONCLUSIONS Food insecurity was associated with lower overall dietary quality and lower consumption of plant-based foods, which was associated with poor longitudinal glycemic control.
Obesity-Enhanced Colon Cancer: Functional Food Compounds and their Mechanisms of Action; Obesity is rapidly becoming a global phenomenon. This is more than a cosmetic issue as obesity is associated with several life-threatening diseases, including colon cancer. Insulin resistance and inflammation, underlying factors in obesity-related diseases, promote colonocyte proliferation and suppress programmed cell death, or apoptosis, by activating the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) and prostaglandin pathways. These pathways converge on the Wnt pathway, which is implicated in colon carcinogenesis. Despite tremendous advances in our understanding of the molecular mechanisms involved in colon carcinogenesis, mortality due to colon cancer world-wide is unacceptably high. Even though conventional therapies can prolong a patient's life-span a few years, they cause serious side effects. Thus, there is growing interest in functional foods and dietary bioactive compounds with chemopreventive properties. This search is fueled by the epidemiological studies indicating that plant-based diets are protective against several types of cancers. This review provides a brief summary of the IGF and prostaglandin pathways, which are implicated in obesity-enhanced colon cancer, and some of the functional foods/dietary compounds that target these pathways. It is essential to understand the molecular mechanisms involved in chemoprevention before providing appropriate science-based dietary recommendations to prevent colon cancer in both obese and non-obese individuals.
Exploring the potential of black tea based flavonoids against hyperlipidemia related disorders; Background: In recent decade, Hyperlipidemia related disorders like obesity, hypercholesterolemia and diabetes are considered as the leading killers for mankind. Fundamental nexus between nutrition and health diverting the consumers focus towards plant based natural products as a remedy against various metabolic syndrome. Considering this, present study was conducted to explicate the role of black tea polyphenols such as Theaflavins and thearubigins therapeutic potential to tackle targeted maladies especially oxidative stress related disorders like hypercholesterolemia and diabetes. Methods: The mandate of current investigation was to explore the hypoglycemic and hypocholestrolemic perspective of isolated theaflavin and thearubigins through a model feeding trial. For the purpose, theaflavin & thearubigins were isolated from black tea through solvent partition method and utilize to form three types of nutraceutical drinks (theaflavin, thearubigins & theaflavin + thearubigins based) alongside control to be further utilized in bioefficacy trial. In bioefficacy trial, three types of independent studies were design on the bases of diet by involving 20 male wistar rats in each study (5 for each group). In study I, normal diet was administrated while, in study II & III high cholesterol and high sucrose diet was given, respectively along with prepared nutraceutical drinks to synchronize their therapeutic effect for a period of 56 days. At the termination of trial, Feed & drink intakes, body weight, total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides, glucose and insulin levels were measured. Results: The results indicated reduction in cholesterol, LDL and triglycerides levels of experimental rats in all studies with significant increase in HDL. In this context, theaflavin based drink imparted maximum reduction in cholesterol (3.75, 11.03 & 10.39%), LDL (3.84, 14.25&10.84%) & triglycerides (2.99, 8.54 & 6.65%) in respective studies compared to thearubigins and theaflavin + thearubigins based drinks. However, theaflavin+ thearubigins based drink caused highest glucose decline and maximum insulin increase in all studies as compared to other nutraceutical drinks. The reported value for the insulin increase were 13.02 +/- 1.02 & 14.55 +/- 1.13, 10.09 +/- 0.15 & 11.59 +/- 0.86 for Hyperglycemic and Hypocholestrolemic rats respectively compared to control (7.84 +/- 0.45 & 9.10 +/- 0.41) for study I and II. Conclusions: In the nutshell, theaflavin and thearubigins based dietary interventions are helpful to alleviate the hypercholestrolemia and hyperglycemia and should be promoted as parallel therapy to combat these disorders.
Dietary carbohydrates, 'metabolic syndrome' physical inactivity, obesity, and the as predictors of coronary heart disease; Several decades of epidemiological and clinical research have identified physical inactivity, excessive calorie consumption, and excess weight as common risk factors for both type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. This trio forms the environmental substrate for a now well-recognized metabolic phenotype called the insulin resistance syndrome. Recent data suggest that a high intake of rapidly absorbed carbohydrates, which is characterized by a high glycemic load (a measure of carbohydrate quality and quantity), may increase the risk of coronary heart disease by aggravating glucose intolerance and dyslipidemia. These data also suggest that individuals who are obese and insulin resistant are particularly prone to the adverse effects of a high dietary glycemic load. In addition, data continue to accumulate suggesting the important beneficial effects of physical activity, even at moderate levels, and weight reduction on improving insulin sensitivity and reducing the risk of coronary heart disease. Future metabolic studies should continue to quantify the physiological impact of different foods on serum glucose and insulin, and such information should routinely be incorporated into large-scale and long-term prospective studies, in which the possible interaction effects between diet and other metabolic determinants such as physical activity and obesity can be examined. Until more definitive data are available, replacing refined grain products and potatoes with minimally processed plant-based foods such as whole grains, fruits, and vegetables, and reducing the intake of high glycemic load beverages may offer a simple strategy for reducing the incidence of coronary heart disease. Curr Opin Lipidol 12:395-404, (C) 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Caloric restriction, a way for prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes?; Caloric restriction is the only nutritional intervention that has shown solid benefits in health and longevity in experimental animals. On the positive side, those related to glucose homeostasis are striking and consistent. It seems that these benefits are associated with lower generation of mitochondrial reactive oxygen species, with less lipid peroxidation of cell membrane and stimulation of macroautophagy. Well known patterns such as the Mediterranean diet, vegan and vegetarian diet, the diet of the older population of Okinawa and the DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet with a special attention to the unsaturated oils and strict respect for fasting between meals, might make an interesting line of construction of a dietary pattern aimed to prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes.
Consumption, Perceptions and Knowledge of Soy among Adults with Type 2 Diabetes; Objective: A large body of evidence supports a role for soy in the management of type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about the current consumption, perceptions and knowledge of soy among those living with type 2 diabetes. The purpose of this research was to explore the consumption, perceptions and knowledge of soy among adults with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 202 adults with type 2 diabetes completed a detailed questionnaire designed to gather data about soy consumption, motivations for consuming soy, purchase locations for soy, methods of obtaining information about soy, barriers to soy consumption, as well as general health/lifestyle, medical and demographic information. Results: Soy consumers were significantly more likely to be vegetarian, lactose intolerant and avoid cow's milk and significantly less likely to take medications, when compared to soy non-consumers. There were no significant differences between soy consumers and soy non-consumers in factors related to diabetes management. The prevalence of soy consumption was 19% and the majority of soy was consumed on a weekly basis and most often at breakfast. The three most commonly consumed soy products were soy beverage, tofu and roasted soy nuts and they were purchased most often from the grocery store. Soy consumers were significantly more aware of soy's potential health benefits, compared to soy non-consumers. More than half (63.8%) of soy non-consumers had consumed soy in the past and the top reason for no longer consuming soy was 'dislike taste, texture or appearance'. The most commonly reported barriers to soy consumption were being unsure of how to prepare soy, taste and texture. Conclusions: Although soy consumption was not predictive of factors related to diabetes management, valuable information was generated regarding patterns of soy consumption, motivations for and barriers to soy consumption, beliefs and knowledge about soy, and most common sources of information about soy. This information will be useful to numerous stakeholders including those who produce, market and sell soy, as well as those who disseminate health information about soy.
Association between organic food consumption and metabolic syndrome: cross-sectional results from the NutriNet-Sant, study; Metabolic syndrome (MetS), a multicomponent condition, is a cardiovascular disease predictor. Although exposure to agricultural pesticides has been suggested as a potential contributor to the rising rates of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and other features of metabolic disorders, no studies have focused on the association between consumption of organic food (produced without synthetic pesticides) and MetS. We aimed to investigate the cross-sectional association between organic food consumption and MetS in French adults to determine whether it would be worth conducting further studies, particularly large prospective and randomised trials. A total of 8174 participants from the NutriNet-Sant, study who attended a clinical visit and completed an organic food frequency questionnaire were included in this cross-sectional analysis. We evaluated the association between the proportion of organic food in the diet (overall and by food group) and MetS using Poisson regression models while adjusting for potential confounders. Higher organic food consumption was negatively associated with the prevalence of MetS: adjusted prevalence ratio was 0.69 (95% CI 0.61, 0.78) when comparing the third tertile of proportion of organic food in the diet with the first one (p value < 0.0001). Higher consumption of organic plant-based foods was also related to a lower probability of having MetS. In addition, when stratifying by lifestyle factors (nutritional quality of the diet, smoking status, and physical activity), a significant negative association was detected in each subgroup (p values < 0.05), except among smokers. Our results showed that a higher organic food consumption was associated with a lower probability of having MetS. Additional prospective studies and randomised trials are required to ascertain the relationship between organic food consumption and metabolic disorders.
Dietary quality of predominantly traditional diets is associated with blood glucose profiles, but not with total fecal <i>Bifidobacterium</i> in Indonesian women; Background A high quality modern diet is associated with reduced risk of metabolic disease and diabetes. However, it remains unclear whether the quality of predominantly traditional ethnic diets is associated with such conditions. Moreover, the relationship between dietary quality and microbiota, a potential mediator of metabolic disease, has not been studied. Objective We investigated the relationship of dietary quality of traditional ethnic diets in Indonesia with fasting blood glucose (FBG), HbA1c, and the number of fecal Bifidobacterium. Design A cross-sectional study was conducted in selected districts with predominantly animal-or plant-based traditional diets of West Sumatera and West Java provinces, respectively. A total of 240 apparently healthy women aged 19-50 years were randomly selected from 360 women screened by a cluster sampling design. Dietary quality was assessed by 2-day repeated 24-hour food recall, and scored using the Healthy Eating Index (HEI) 2010. FBG was quantified with the enzymatic colorimetric method, and HbA1c by using hexokinase and high-performance liquid chromatography, and total fecal Bifidobacterium by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Results The HEI scores of 99% of women were < 51, indicating a low-quality diet. In adjusted multi-variate regression, HEI was inversely associated with FBG (beta = -0.403; 95% CI = -0.789 to -0.016; p = 0.041) and HbA1c (beta = -0.018; 95% CI = -0.036 to 0.000; p = 0.048) but was not significantly associated with total levels of Bifidobacterium (beta = -0.007, p = 0.275). Bifidobacterium count was not significantly associated with either FBG or HbA1c levels. Conclusion Low dietary quality is clearly associated with risk of increased markers of blood glucose. However, any mediating role of Bifidobacterium between dietary quality and glucose outcomes was not apparent. Innovative interventions for healthy eating should be implemented to increase dietary quality of populations transitioning from predominantly traditional to modern diets, to reduce the risk of diabetes, especially in women.
Meat consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies; Aims/hypothesis Diet is thought to play an important role in the aetiology of type 2 diabetes. Previous studies have found positive associations between meat consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes, but the results have been inconsistent. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies of meat consumption and type 2 diabetes risk. Methods We searched several databases for cohort studies on meat consumption and type 2 diabetes risk, up to December 2008. Summary relative risks were estimated by use of a random-effects model. Results We identified 12 cohort studies. The estimated summary RR and 95% confidence interval of type 2 diabetes comparing high vs low intake was 1.17 (95% CI 0.92-1.48) for total meat, 1.21 (95% CI 1.07-1.38) for red meat and 1.41 (95% CI 1.25-1.60) for processed meat. There was heterogeneity amongst the studies of total, red and processed meat which, to some degree, was explained by the study characteristics. Conclusions/interpretation These results suggest that meat consumption increases the risk of type 2 diabetes. However, the possibility that residual confounding could explain this association cannot be excluded.
Interdisciplinary course in Asian herbs and allied health for horticulture and non-horticulture majors; A non-horticultural interdisciplinary course linking herbs used in Asian medical systems, their functional properties and current status has been developed and was offered at the University of Connecticut. This course attracts students from several academic disciplines thereby creating an interest in plant science and horticulture and the importance of plants in human health. Herbal medicine, and diet and nutrition therapy have evolved as alternative medical practices in North America. The heightened interest in the 21st century for plant-based foods results from several factors. These include an aging population, increased healthcare costs, dissatisfaction with the conventional medical systems, desires for self-efficacy and autonomy in health care, and accumulating scientific evidence of the health benefits derived from plant foods. Nutrients and non-nutritive food components present in plants have been associated with the prevention and/or treatment of major diseases and chronic conditions including cancer, coronary heart disease, diabetes and hypertension. Data supporting the role of specific plant foods in health promotion and disease prevention continue to accumulate. A number of medicinal properties of plant species used in Asian traditional medical practices have been demonstrated in controlled experiments and have become an option to Americans seeking costeffective health care and improved health status.
Vegetarian diet, change in dietary patterns, and diabetes risk: a prospective study; Background/objectives Vegetarian diets are inversely associated with diabetes in Westerners but their impact on Asians-whose pathophysiology differ from Westerners-is unknown. We aim to investigate the association between a vegetarian diet, change in dietary patterns and diabetes risk in a Taiwanese Buddhist population. Methods We prospectively followed 2918 non-smoking, non-alcohol drinking Buddhists free of diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular diseases at baseline, for a median of 5 years, with 183 incident diabetes cases confirmed. Diet was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire at baseline and a simple questionnaire during follow-ups. Incident cases of diabetes were ascertained through follow-up questionnaires, fasting glucose and HbA1C. Stratified Cox Proportional Hazards Regression was used to assess the effect of diets on risk of diabetes. Results Consistent vegetarian diet was associated with 35% lower hazards (HR: 0.65, 95% CI: 0.46, 0.92), while converting from a nonvegetarian to a vegetarian pattern was associated with 53% lower hazards (HR: 0.47, 95% CI: 0.30, 0.71) for diabetes, comparing with nonvegetarians while adjusting for age, gender, education, physical activity, family history of diabetes, follow-up methods, use of lipid-lowering medications, and baseline BMI. Conclusion Vegetarian diet and converting to vegetarian diet may protect against diabetes independent of BMI among Taiwanese.
Effect of Dietary Fiber on Properties and Acceptance of Meat Products: A Review; Meat is an important source of all essential nutritional components of our daily diet as it content most of the essential amino acids, fatty acids, vitamins, and minerals which are lack in plant based food, but it is devoid of dietary fiber, which is very essential component for normal physiological/biochemical process. During meat products processing, its functional values can be improved by supplementation of dietary fiber rich vegetative substances like cereal and pulse flour, vegetable and fruits pulp, etc. by this process, a significant proportion of required daily allowance of dietary fiber can be fulfilled for the frequent meat consumers. The consumption of meat products fortified with of dietary fiber can lead to the prevention of diseases like coronary heart disease, diabetes, irritable bowel disease, obesity, etc. On the other hand, the dietary fiber can effectively be incorporated in the processed meat products as binders, extender, and filler, they can significantly replace the unhealthy fat components from the products; increase acceptability by improving nutritional components, pH, water-holding capacity, emulsion stability, shear press value, sensory characters, etc. of finished products. Addition of dietary fiber in the meat products can increase the cooking yield therefore the economic gain as well.
Vegetarian vs. conventional diabetic diet - A 1-year follow-up; Objective: Our previous 6 -month, randomized study demonstrated the beneficial effect of a vegetarian (V) compared to a conventional diet (C) with similar caloric restriction on cardiovascular risk factors for patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), namely increased insulin sensitivity, reduced body weight, reduced volume of visceral and subcutaneous fat, decreased LDL-cholesterol and improved oxidative stress markers and chosen adipokines. We conducted post -trial monitoring to determine whether the improved outcomes persisted 1 year after the end of the study. Methods: 62 subjects with T2D who completed the study were asked to come for a 1 -year follow-up to measure weight, waist circumference, HbA1c and blood lipids. No attempts were made to maintain their previously assigned diets. Results: 44 patients (71%) attended the post -trial monitoring. Hypoglycemic agents were increased by 14% in V and by 26% in C; insulin therapy was introduced in 5% in V and in 13% in C one year after the end of the intervention. Neither weight nor waist circumference changed significantly in either group. HbA1c increased (p <= 0.05) similarly in both groups (+0.49 +/- 1.04% in V vs. +0.42 +/- 0.8% in C). Blood lipids did not change in either group. Conclusion: One year after the end of the intervention, the positive effects of a vegetarian diet on cardiovascular risk factors compared to a conventional diet were partially maintained. (C) 2014 The Czech Society of Cardiology. Published by Elsevier Urban & Partner Sp.z.o.o. All rights reserved.
A Low-Fat Vegan Diet Elicits Greater Macronutrient Changes, but Is Comparable in Adherence and Acceptability, Compared with a More Conventional Diabetes Diet among Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes; Background Although therapeutic diets are critical to diabetes management, their acceptability to patients is largely unstudied. Objective To quantify adherence and acceptability for two types of diets for diabetes. Design Controlled trial conducted between 2004 and 2006. Subjects/setting Individuals with type 2 diabetes (n=99) at a community-based research facility. Participants were randomly assigned to a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines or a low-fat, vegan diet for 74 weeks. Main outcome measures Attrition, adherence, dietary behavior, diet acceptability, and cravings. Statistical analyses For nutrient intake and questionnaire scores, t tests determined between-group differences. For diet-acceptability measures, the related samples Wilcoxon sum rank test assessed within-group changes; the independent samples Mann-Whitney U test compared the diet groups. Changes in reported symptoms among the groups was compared using chi(2) for independent samples. Results All participants completed the initial 22 weeks; 90% (45/50) of American Diabetes Association guidelines diet group and 86% (42/49) of the vegan diet group participants completed 74 weeks. Fat and cholesterol intake fell more and carbohydrate and fiber intake increased more in the vegan group. At 22 weeks, group-specific diet adherence criteria were met by 44% (22/50) of members of the American Diabetes Association diet group and 67% (33/49) of vegan-group participants (P=0.019); the American Diabetes Association guidelines diet group reported a greater increase in dietary restraint; this difference was not significant at 74 weeks. Both groups reported reduced hunger and reduced disinhibition. Questionnaire responses rated both diets as satisfactory, with no significant differences between groups, except for ease of preparation, for which the 22-week ratings marginally favored the American Diabetes Association guideline group. Cravings for fatty foods diminished more in the vegan group at 22 weeks, with no significant difference at 74 weeks. Conclusions Despite its greater influence on macronutrient intake, a low-fat, vegan diet has an acceptability similar to that of a more conventional diabetes diet. Acceptability appears to be no barrier to its use in medical nutrition therapy.
Natural Products as α-Amylase and α-Glucosidase Inhibitors and their Hypoglycaemic Potential in the Treatment of Diabetes: An Update; The inhibition of alpha-glucosidase and alpha-amylase, enzymes involved in the digestion of carbohydrates, can significantly reduce the post-prandial increase of blood glucose and therefore can be an important strategy in the management of blood glucose level in type 2 diabetic and borderline patients. Currently, there is renewed interest in plant-based medicines and functional foods modulating physiological effects in the prevention and cure of diabetes and obesity. The plant kingdom is a wide field to search for natural effective oral hypoglycaemic agents that have slight or no side effects. More than ca. 1200 plant species have been recorded to be used empirically worldwide for their alleged hypoglycaemic activity. Therefore, natural alpha-glucosidase and alpha-amylase inhibitors from plant sources offer an attractive strategy for the control of hyperglycaemia. This article reviews recent data on plant extracts and isolated natural compounds that are being tested for their hypoglycaemic activity, highlights ongoing research and considers the future perspectives.
Relative influence of diet and physical activity on cardiovascular risk factors in urban Chinese adults; OBJECTIVE: The relative influence of dietary factors vs physical activity on cardiovascular risk factors are poorly understood. We investigated these factors in a population whose traditional diet may have both positive (high plant-based) and negative (high refined carbohydrate) aspects, and whose physical activity levels (PALs) vary widely. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SUBJECTS: A total of 130 weight stable adults aged 35-49 y (BMI 18-35 kg/m(2)) living in urban Beijing, China. MEASUREMENTS: Dietary intake (by food frequency questionnaire), PAL as the ratio of predicted total to resting energy expenditure), percent body fat (by deuterium oxide dilution), and central adiposity (waist circumference and waist to hip ratio) were assessed. Biochemical parameters (total cholesterol, low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; HDL-C), triglyceride (TG), apolipoproteins A-I and B, glucose, insulin, and homocysteine and its related vitamins), blood pressure and presence of the metabolic syndrome (having greater than or equal to3 risk factors of central adiposity, HDL-C, TG, glucose, blood pressure) were also examined. RESULTS: Mean values for cardiovascular risk factors were relatively low, but 19% of subjects had the metabolic syndrome. Using validated methods for measuring food intake and energy expenditure, we found that an adverse cardiovascular risk profile was associated with a diet high in carbohydrate, low in polyunsaturated fat, and low in fruit and vegetables, independent of body fatness and its distribution. While dietary factors predicted individual cardiovascular risk factors more consistently than PAL, avoidance of low PAL reduced the risk of having the metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that, regardless of total body fatness and fat distribution, multiple unfavorable dietary factors and low physical activity independently increase the risk for cardiovascular disease. Avoidance of a sedentary lifestyle additionally reduces the risk of developing the metabolic syndrome.
Dietary cyanidin 3-<i>O</i>-β-D-glucoside-rich purple corn color prevents obesity and ameliorates hyperglycemia in mice; Anthocyanins, which are used as a food coloring, are widely distributed in human diets, suggesting that we ingest large amounts of anthocyanins from plant-based foods. Mice were fed control, cyanidin 3-glucoside-rich purple corn color (PCC), high fat (HF) or HF + PCC diet for 12 wk. Dietary PCC significantly suppressed the HF diet-induced increase in body weight gain, and white and brown adipose tissue weights. Feeding the HF diet markedly induced hypertrophy of the adipocytes in the epididymal white adipose tissue compared with the control group. In contrast, the induction did not occur in the HF + PCC group. The HF diet induced hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and hyperleptinemia. These perturbations were completely normalized in rats fed HF + PCC. An increase in the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha mRNA level occurred in the HF group and was normalized by dietary PCC. These results suggest that dietary PCC may ameliorate HF diet-induced insulin resistance in mice. PCC suppressed the mRNA levels of enzymes involved in fatty acid and triacylglycerol synthesis and lowered the sterol regulatory element binding protein-1 mRNA level in white adipose tissue. These down-regulations may contribute to triacylglycerol accumulation in white adipose tissue. Our findings provide a biochemical and nutritional basis for the use of PCC or anthocyanins as a functional food factor that may have benefits for the prevention of obesity and diabetes. J. Nutr. 133: 2125-2130, 2003.
TYPE 2 DIABETES MELLITUS AND VITAMIN D STATUS - A CASE CONTROL STUDY; OBJECTIVE: Both type 2 DM and vitamin D deficiency are widely prevalent in India. Since, vitamin D is known to affect both insulin secretion and action either directly by gene modulation via vitamin D receptors or indirectly by altering calcium metabolism and transcellular calcium flux, we wanted to establish whether patients with type 2 DM have lower levels of vitamin D when compared to that of controls. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This was a cross sectional case control observational study, conducted from April 2011 to March 2012. Patients attending the diabetes clinic at Victoria Hospital, Bangalore were recruited as cases. Age and sex matched non diabetic patient's attendants and hospital staff were recruited as controls, after obtaining an informed consent in writing. After physical examination and anthropometric measurements, fasting serum samples were collected for estimation of 25(OH) D levels and other biochemical parameters. RESULTS: 242 subjects were included in the study, of which 139 were cases and 103 controls. Serum 25(OH) D levels <= 30ng/ml was found in 122 cases and 89 controls which was not statistically significant (p = 0.658). CONCLUSION: In our study 87% of subjects (i.e. 211 of 242) were having less than optimal levels of vitamin D levels. This high level of prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is in conformation with results of other similar studies reported from India. Though statistically not significant, males and non-vegetarians had slightly higher levels of vitamin D. we could not establish an inverse association between serum vitamin D levels and prevalent type 2 DM, probably because of cross sectional study design, small sample size, high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and other unknown confounding factors.
Efficacy of diets in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. A systematic review; According to guidelines a healthy lifestyle including a well-balanced diet is the first choice in diabetes treatment. Nevertheless there is not much consensus on which diet should be followed. The purpose of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of dietary interventions in adult type 2 diabetes patients. A systematic review was conducted. PubMed and ScienceDirect were searched from January 1995 to December 2013 to identify relevant (randomized) controlled trials. Search limits included dietary intervention studies with a minimum study duration of 6 months and a group size of at least 90 adult type 2 diabetics. In total 11 studies which met our inclusion criteria were identified. They assessed various types of diets including high-carb, low-carb, low-fat, high-protein, high-GI, low-GI, high-fiber diets as well as the ADA diet, Mediterranean diet, high-MUFA diet, and vegan diet. All studies measured the intervention's impact on weight, lipid status, and glycemic control. Results and conclusions of included studies were heterogeneous. In some studies a positive impact on single parameters was found, but in other studies no differences could be measured. Results of the review indicate that there is no single best diet. Our research showed that there is a lack of high quality studies on the efficacy of dietary treatment of type 2 diabetes. Drop-outs, dietary adherence, variability of the observed effects over time, and controlling for weight loss as confounders of the effects pose major challenges for study conduction.
Changes in Emerging Cardiac Biomarkers After an Intensive Lifestyle Intervention; The present study evaluated the changes in emerging cardiac biomarkers, cognitive function, and social support measures after a comprehensive lifestyle intervention that included a low-fat, whole-foods, plant-based diet, exercise, stress management, and group support meetings. We conducted a prospective cohort study of 131 participants (59.2% women and 43.1% with diabetes mellitus), 56 with coronary heart disease (CHD) (37.5% women and 27.3% diabetes mellitus), and 75 at high risk with >= 3 CHD risk factors and/or diabetes mellitus (76% women and 54.7% diabetes mellitus). The measurements were taken at baseline and 3 months after the intervention. Improvement in all targeted health behaviors was seen in both high-risk and CHD groups (all p <0.001) at 3 months, with reductions in body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, waist/hip ratio, C-reactive protein, insulin, low-density lipoprotein, high-density and total cholesterol, apolipoproteins A1 and B (all p <0.009) were observed. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy analysis of lipoprotein subclass particle concentrations and diameters showed a reduction in large very-low-density lipoprotein particles, size of the very-low-density lipoprotein particles, total low-density lipoprotein particles; total, large, and small high-density lipoprotein particles (all p <0.009) and small very-low-density lipoprotein particles (p <0.02). Increases in fibrinogen (p <0.03) and B-type natriuretic peptide (p <0.001) were seen, and these changes correlated inversely with the changes in the body mass index. The observed increase in B-type natriuretic peptide can be explained by the metabolic changes related to adipose tissue lipolysis. The quality of life, cognitive functioning, and social support measures significantly improved. In conclusion, lifestyle changes can be followed by favorable changes in traditional and emerging coronary heart disease biomarkers, quality of life, social support, and cognitive function among those with, or at high risk, of CHD. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. (Am J Cardiol 2011;108:498-507)
Nutrient Patterns Associated with Fasting Glucose and Glycated Haemoglobin Levels in a Black South African Population; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) burden is increasing globally. However, evidence regarding nutrient patterns associated with the biomarkers of T2D is limited. This study set out to determine the nutrient patterns associated with fasting glucose and glycated haemoglobin the biomarkers of T2D. Factor analysis was used to derive nutrient patterns of 2010 participants stratified by urban/rural status and gender. Principal Component Analysis (PCA) was applied to 25 nutrients, computed from the quantified food frequency questionnaires (QFFQ). Three nutrient patterns per stratum, which accounted for 73% of the variation of the selected nutrients, were identified. Multivariate linear regression models adjusted for age, BMI, smoking, physical activity, education attained, alcohol intake, seasonality and total energy intake were computed. Starch, dietary fibre and B vitamins driven nutrient pattern was significantly associated with fasting glucose (beta = -0.236 (-0.458; -0.014); p = 0.037) and glycated haemoglobin levels (beta = -0.175 (-0.303; -0.047); p = 0.007) in rural women. Thiamine, zinc and plant protein driven nutrient pattern was associated with significant reductions in glycated haemoglobin and fasting glucose ((beta = -0.288 (-0.543; -0.033); p = 0.027) and (beta = -0.382 (-0.752; -0.012); p = 0.043), respectively) in rural men. Our results indicate that plant driven nutrient patterns are associated with low fasting glucose and glycated haemoglobin levels.
Vegetarian diets and risk of hospitalisation or death with diabetes in British adults: results from the EPIC-Oxford study; Background: The global prevalence of diabetes is high and rapidly increasing. Some previous studies have found that vegetarians might have a lower risk of diabetes than non-vegetarians. Objective: We examined the association between vegetarianism and risk of hospitalisation or death with diabetes in a large, prospective cohort study of British adults. Methods: The analysed cohort included participants from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Oxford study who were diabetes free at recruitment (1993-2001), with available dietary intake data at baseline, and linked hospital admissions and death data for diabetes over follow-up (n = 45,314). Participants were categorised as regular meat eaters (>= 50 g per day: n = 15,181); low meat eaters (<50 g of meat per day: n = 7615); fish eaters (ate no meat but consumed fish: n = 7092); and vegetarians (ate no meat or fish, including vegans: n = 15,426). We used multivariable Cox proportional hazards models to assess associations between diet group and risk of diabetes. Results: Over a mean of 17.6 years of follow-up, 1224 incident cases of diabetes were recorded. Compared with regular meat eaters, the low meat eaters, fish eaters, and vegetarians were less likely to develop diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54-0.75; HR = 0.47, 95% CI 0.38-0.59; and HR = 0.63, 95% CI 0.54-0.74, respectively). These associations were substantially attenuated after adjusting for body mass index (BMI) (low meat eaters: HR = 0.78, 95% CI 0.66-0.92; fish eaters: HR = 0.64, 95% CI 0.51-0.80; and vegetarians: HR = 0.89, 95% CI 0.76-1.05). Conclusions: Low meat and non-meat eaters had a lower risk of diabetes, in part because of a lower BMI.
Flavonoid structure affects the inhibition of lipid peroxidation in Caco-2 intestinal cells at physiological concentrations; The antioxidant activity of flavonoids in cell-free systems has been studied extensively. We compared flavonoids with different structural features on their abilities to protect live Caco-2 intestinal cells from lipid peroxidation due to hydrogen peroxide and Fe2+ treatment. Flavonoids with o-dihydroxyl, or vicinal-trihydroxyl groups, including quercetin, myricetin (flavonol), luteolin (flavone) and (-)-epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG; flavanol), when coincubated with a mixture of 30 mumol/L H2O2 and 30 mumol/L FeSO4 prevented the formation of malondialdehyde (MIDA) at I or 10 mumol/L in at least one of two separate experiments. In experiments in which flavonoids were preincubated with cells but removed before the 30 mumol/L H2O2 and Fe2+ treatment, quercetin at 0.1 mumol/L, EGCG at 1 mumol/L and luteolin at 10 mumol/L exerted protective effects in at least one of two experiments. Kaempferol (flavonol) and the isoflavones, genistein and daidzein, did not prevent lipid peroxidation at 0.1-10 mumol/L in either co- or preincubation experiments. None of the flavonoids tested at 0.1-10 mumoI/L increased H2O2 and Fe2+-induced lipid peroxidation after co- or preincubation. In summary, these observations support the importance of plant-based food items such as vegetables, fruits and teas in the diet. J. Nutr. 133:2184-2187,2003.
Camelina Sativa Oil, but not Fatty Fish or Lean Fish, Improves Serum Lipid Profile in Subjects with Impaired Glucose Metabolism-A Randomized Controlled Trial; Scope: The aim of the study is to examine whether lean fish (LF), fatty fish (FF), and camelina sativa oil (CSO), a plant-based source of alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), differ in their metabolic effects in subjects with impaired glucose metabolism. Methods and results: Altogether 79 volunteers with impaired fasting glucose, BMI 25-36 kg m-2, age 43-72 years, participated in a 12-week randomized controlled trial with four parallel groups, that is, the FF (four fish meals/week), LF (four fish meals/week), CSO (10 g d(-1) ALA), and control (limited intakes of fish and sources of ALA) groups. The proportions of eicosapentaenoic acid and DHA increase in plasma lipids in the FF group, and the proportion of ALA increase in the CSO group (p < 0.0001 for all). In the CSO group, total and LDL-cholesterol (C) concentrations decrease compared with the FF and LF groups; LDL-C/HDL-C and ApoB/ApoA-I ratios decrease compared with the LF group. There are no significant changes in glucose metabolism or markers of low-grade inflammation. Conclusions: A diet enriched in CSO improves serum lipid profile as compared with a diet enriched in FF or LF in subjects with impaired fasting glucose, with no differences in glucose metabolism or concentrations of inflammatory markers.
Screening of antidiabetic and antioxidant activities of medicinal plants; Diabetes is a common metabolic disorder characterized by abnormally increased plasma glucose levels. Postprandial hyperglycemia plays an essential role in development of type-2 diabetes. Inhibitors of carbohydrate-hydrolyzing enzymes (such as alpha-glucosidase and alpha-amylase) offer an effective strategy to regulate/prevent hyperglycemia by controlling starch breakdown. Natural alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors, as well as antioxidants from plant-based sources, offer a source of dietary ingredients that affect human physiological function in order to treat diabetes. Several research studies have investigated the effectiveness of plant-based inhibitors of alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase, as well as their antioxidant activity. The aim of this review is to summarize the antidiabetic and antioxidant properties of several medicinal plants around the world. Half inhibitory concentration (IC50, for enzyme suppression) and half effective concentration (EC50, for antioxidant activity) values of less than 500 mu g/mL were defined as the most potent plant-based inhibitors (in vitro) and are expected to provide interesting candidates for herbal treatment of diabetes, as foods, supplements, or refined drugs.
Alpha-Linolenic Acid: An Omega-3 Fatty Acid with Neuroprotective Properties-Ready for Use in the Stroke Clinic?; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is plant-based essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids that must be obtained through the diet. This could explain in part why the severe deficiency in omega-3 intake pointed by numerous epidemiologic studies may increase the brain's vulnerability representing an important risk factor in the development and/or deterioration of certain cardio-and neuropathologies. The roles of ALA in neurological disorders remain unclear, especially in stroke that is a leading cause of death. We and others have identified ALA as a potential nutraceutical to protect the brain from stroke, characterized by its pleiotropic effects in neuroprotection, vasodilation of brain arteries, and neuroplasticity. This review highlights how chronic administration of ALA protects against rodent models of hypoxic-ischemic injury and exerts an anti-depressant-like activity, effects that likely involve multiple mechanisms in brain, and may be applied in stroke prevention. One major effect may be through an increase in mature brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a widely expressed protein in brain that plays critical roles in neuronal maintenance, and learning and memory. Understanding the precise roles of ALA in neurological disorders will provide the underpinnings for the development of new therapies for patients and families who could be devastated by these disorders.
Dietary fat modification in patients with chronic kidney disease: <i>n</i>-3 fatty acids and beyond; Replacement of dietary saturated fat with unsaturated fat has been recommended for prevention of cardio, vascular disease (CVD) in the general population. Less is known of the health risks in individuals with chronic kidney disease (CKD), of a diet with an unhealthy fat profile, in general characterized by insufficient polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) and excess saturated fatty acids (SFA). The dietary intake of PUFA, both the n-3 and n-6 subfamilies, is increasingly gaining attention in CKD, owing to its broad cardioprotective effects. Conversely, dietary SFA may promote CVD in this vulnerable population. This review discusses the potential benefits of dietary fat modification in CKD patients, including plausible effects on renal function, albuminuria, lipoproteins, nutritional status, inflammation, thrombosis and clinical outcomes. Increasing evidence supports the concept that n-3 PUFA might have therapeutic potential in reducing proteinuria in CKD and reducing triglycerides and inflammation in dialysis patients. In addition; emerging evidence suggests that linoleic acid, a major n-6 PUFA derived from vegetable oils, may be beneficial for a number of CVD risk factors. Increased consumption of oily fish as part of plant-based diets with low content of SFA is likely to benefit patients who have CKD, or are at risk of developing CKD. Such recommendations are in line with the concept of a healthy "Mediterranean diet" and are in line with current dietary recommendations for CVD prevention in the community.
Sugar and Type 2 diabetes; Background: Consumption of sugar, specifically sugar-sweetened beverages, has been widely held responsible by the media for the global rise in Type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Sources of data: Systematic reviews and dietary guidelines relating dietary sugars to T2DM. Areas of agreement: Weight gain and T2DM incidence are associated with diet and lifestyle patterns characterized by high consumptions of any sweetened beverages. High sugar intakes impair risk factors for macrovascular complications of T2DM. Areas of controversy: Much of the association between sugars and T2DM is eliminated by adjusting data for body mass index (BMI). However, BMI adjustment does not fully account for adiposity (r(2)=0.65-0.75). Excess sugar can promote weight gain, thus T2DM, through extra calories, but has no unique diabetogenic effect at physiological levels. Growing points: Ethical concerns about caffeine added to sweetened beverages, undetectable by consumers, to increase consumption. Areas timely for developing research: Evidence needed for limiting dietary sugar below 10% energy intake.
Vegetarianism and veganism: not only benefits but also gaps. A review; Background and aim of the work. The main Food Choice Motives (FCMs) of vegetarianism and veganism are supported by ethical, health, ecological and pleasure motivations, but also family and cultural traditions play a definite role. A better health achievement is usually the first goal of turning vegetarians, on the reports that ischemic heart, circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, and some cancer were significantly lower in vegetarians and vegans than in omnivores. In this review, we investigate the main reasons that lead to the choice of an increasingly common lifestyle, such as vegetarianism and veganism and the pros & cons of this choice. Methods. We reviewed studies focused on vegetarian and vegan diets, and included articles published between 1975 and 2015. We searched Pubmed/Medline using the terms "vegetarianism", "veganism", "benefits" and "diseases", alone or combined. This review aims at describing vegetarian and vegan diets, discussing current knowledge about motivations for pursuing this diet, clinical benefits and limitations. Results. Vegetarian and vegan diets are low in n-3 PUFA, proteins, calcium, zinc, iron, vitamins B12 and D. Conclusions. Different guidelines for vegetarian and especially vegan diets have been settled based on the need to fortify foods with molecules that are reduced or missing in these diets.
A Novel <i>Gymnema sylvestre</i> Extract Stimulates Insulin Secretion from Human Islets <i>In Vivo</i> and <i>In Vitro</i>; Many plant-based products have been suggested as potential antidiabetic agents, but few have been shown to be effective in treating the symptoms of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in human studies, and little is known of their mechanisms of action. Extracts of Gymnema sylvestre (GS) have been used for the treatment of T2DM in India for centuries. The effects of a novel high molecular weight GS extract, Om Santal Adivasi, (OSA (R)) on plasma insulin, C-peptide and glucose in a small cohort of patients with T2DM are reported here. Oral administration of OSA (R) (1 g/day, 60 days) induced significant increases in circulating insulin and C-peptide, which were associated with significant reductions in fasting and post-prandial blood glucose. In vitro measurements using isolated human islets of Langerhans demonstrated direct stimulatory effects of OSA (R) on insulin secretion from human beta-cells, consistent with an in vivo mode of action through enhancing insulin secretion. These in vivo and in vitro observations suggest that OSA (R) may provide a potential alternative therapy for the hyperglycemia associated with T2DM. Copyright (C) 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Nutrition Concerns and Health Effects of Vegetarian Diets; Vegetarians exhibit a wide diversity of dietary practices, often described by what is omitted from their diet. When a vegetarian diet is appropriately planned and includes fortified foods, it can be nutritionally adequate for adults and children and can promote health and lower the risk of major chronic diseases. The nutrients of concern in the diet of vegetarians include vitamin B(12), vitamin D, omega-3 fatty acids, calcium, iron, and zinc. Although a vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients, the use of supplements and fortified foods provides a useful shield against deficiency. A vegetarian diet usually provides a low intake of saturated fat and cholesterol and a high intake of dietary fiber and many health-promoting phytochemicals. This is achieved by an increased consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole-grains, legumes, nuts, and various soy products. As a result of these factors, vegetarians typically have lower body mass index, serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and blood pressure; reduced rates of death from ischemic heart disease; and decreased incidence of hypertension, stroke, type 2 diabetes, and certain cancers than do nonvegetarians. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2010;25:613-620)
Antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipidemic effects of pirdot (<i>saurauia vulcani</i> korth.) leaves extract in mice; Approximately eighty percent of deaths in diabetic patients result from atherosclerosis, which is related to hyperlipidemia tendencies in diabetes. In North Sumatra, the use of plant-based ingredients as diabetes therapy has long been recognized. One of the local species which traditionally used was the pirdot plant (Saurauia vulcani Korth.). In this paper, we report the antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipidemic effects of the extract of pirdot leaves in model mice. In experiment I, twenty-five alloxan-induced diabetic mice was divided randomly into five groups of 5 mice, namely: control diabetic mice; diabetic mice + metformin; and three groups diabetic mice + pirdot leaves extract of 100, 200, or 300 mg/kg BW respectively. All the treatments were given daily for 21 days by oral gavage. In experiment II, another twenty-five mice were divided randomly into five groups of 5 mice. The treatments were as follows: a control group that did not receive any treatment; hyperlipidemic control (received quail yolk diet) for 30 days; and three groups of hyperlipidemic mice + orally treated pirdot leaves extract at a dose of 100, 200, or 300 mg/kg BW respectively. The result showed the pirdot leaves extract has the potential as antihyperglycemic. The effects obtained are equivalent to the effects of antidiabetic drug metformin. On the other hand, the antihyperlipidemic effect was not conclusive, because the extract lowered total cholesterol significantly, but no significant effect on triglyceride, marked reduced LDL, but significantly decreased the HDL level.
Comparison of coronary risk factors and quality of life in coronary artery disease patients with versus without diabetes mellitus; It is unclear whether patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and diabetes mellitus (DM) can make comprehensive lifestyle changes that produce similar changes in coronary risk factors and quality of life compared with patients with CAD and without DM. We examined medical characteristics, lifestyle, and quality of life by diabetic status and gender in the Multicenter Lifestyle Demonstration Project (MLDP), a study of 440 nonsmoking patients with CAD (347 men, 55 with DM; 15.9%; 93 women, 36 with DM; 38.7%). Patients met in groups to improve lifestyle (plant-based, low-fat diet; exercise; stress management) for 1 year. Follow-ups were conducted at 3 and 12 months. At baseline, body mass and systolic blood pressure were significantly higher among patients with DM. Men with DM had a worse medical history (e.g., hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and family history of CAD) than did those without DM. Patients with DM, especially women, reported poorer quality of life than did patients without DM. The 2 groups of patients were able to adhere to the recommended lifestyle, as demonstrated by significant improvements in weight (mean -5 kg), body fat, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, exercise capacity, and quality of life. No significant changes in triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were noted. By the end of 12 months, improvements in glucose-lowering medications (i.e., discontinuation or a change from insulin to oral hypoglycemic agents) were noted for 19.8% (n = 18) of patients with DM. In conclusion, patients with CAD and DM are able to follow a comprehensive lifestyle change program and show similar improvements in coronary risk factors and quality of life as those without DM. (c) 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Medicinal plants and phytochemicals with anti-obesogenic potentials: A review; Human mortality has been significantly increased in last few decades due to the increased prevalence of obesity and associated chronic disorders such as type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis. Apart from genetic and medicine or drug related side effects, nearly 90-95% people became obese due to the imbalanced calorie intake and lack of nutritional knowledge. The anti-obesogenic drugs, Orlistat and Sibutramine, which have been duly approved by Food and Drug Administration (FDA), USA, work very well on diet-induced obesity however they are not getting popular to the people with overweight/obesity due to the higher cost and severe side effects. In contrast, plant based drugs have been considered as a better alternative due to their lower cost and negligible side effects. A number of medicinal plants and their bioactive constituents have received attention from scientists not only for their anti-obesity activity in vitro and in vivo but also in clinical trials. However, there is no systematic review of data available in the scientific domain in order to guide researchers to conduct further in depth research. In our present review, we differentiated the anti-obesogenic effects of various medicinal plant extracts, fractions and their bioactive compounds at in vitro, in vivo and clinical conditions. During our review, we could also identify the most effective plants with strong anti-obesogenic effects at in vitro or in vivo studies with lack of clinical trials when no one tried to isolate pure bioactive compounds from these plants. Hence, scientific community, government agencies/pharmaceutical industries should work together not only to isolate pure bioactive compounds but also to conduct clinical trials including toxicity to develop better alternative anti-obesity drugs. (C) 2017 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Taiwanese Vegetarians and Omnivores: Dietary Composition, Prevalence of Diabetes and IFG; Introduction: Vegetarian diets have been shown to improve glucose metabolism and reduce risk for diabetes in Westerners but whether Chinese vegetarian diets have the same benefits is unknown. Methods: We evaluated the association between diet and diabetes/impaired fasting glucose (IFG) among 4384 Taiwanese Buddhist volunteers and identified diabetes/IFG cases from a comprehensive review of medical history and fasting plasma glucose. Results: Vegetarians had higher intakes of carbohydrates, fiber, calcium, magnesium, total and non-heme iron, folate, vitamin A, and lower intakes of saturated fat, cholesterol, and vitamin B12. Besides avoiding meat and fish, vegetarians had higher intakes of soy products, vegetables, whole grains, but similar intakes of dairy and fruits, compared with omnivores. The crude prevalence of diabetes in vegetarians versus omnivores is 0.6% versus 2.3% in pre-menopausal women, 2.8% versus 10% in menopausal women, and 4.3% versus 8.1% in men. Polytomous logistic regression adjusting for age, body mass index, family history of diabetes, education, leisure time physical activity, smoking and alcohol, showed that this vegetarian diet was negatively associated with diabetes and IFG in men (OR for diabetes: 0.49, 95% CI: 0.28-0.89; OR for IFG: 0.66, 95% CI: 0.46-0.95); in pre-menopausal women (OR for diabetes: 0.26, 95% CI: 0.06-1.21; OR for IFG: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.35-1.04); and in menopausal women (OR for diabetes: 0.25, 95% CI: 0.15-0.42; OR for IFG: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.56-0.95). Conclusion: We found a strong protective association between Taiwanese vegetarian diet and diabetes/IFG, after controlling for various potential confounders and risk factors.
The effect of the macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet vs. the recommended diet in the management of type 2 diabetes: the randomized controlled MADIAB trial; Background: Diet is an important component of type 2 diabetes therapy. Low adherence to current therapeutic diets points out to the need for alternative dietary approaches. This study evaluated the effect of a different dietary approach, the macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet, and compared it with standard diets recommended for patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A randomized, controlled, open-label, 21-day trial was undertaken in patients with type 2 diabetes comparing the Ma-Pi 2 diet with standard (control) diet recommended by professional societies for treatment of type 2 diabetes. Changes in fasting blood glucose (FBG) and post-prandial blood glucose (PPBG) were primary outcomes. HbA(1c), insulin resistance (IR), lipid panel and anthropometrics were secondary outcomes. Results: After correcting for age, gender, BMI at baseline, and physical activity, there was a significantly greater reduction in the primary outcomes FBG (95% CI: 1.79; 13.46) and PPBG (95% CI: 5.39; 31.44) in those patients receiving the Ma-Pi 2 diet compared with those receiving the control diet. Statistically significantly greater reductions in the secondary outcomes, HbA(1c) (95% CI: 1.28; 5.46), insulin resistance, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and LDL/HDL ratio, BMI, body weight, waist and hip circumference were also found in the Ma-Pi 2 diet group compared with the control diet group. The latter group had a significantly greater reduction of triglycerides compared with the Ma-Pi 2 diet group. Conclusions: Intervention with a short-term Ma-Pi 2 diet resulted in significantly greater improvements in metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes compared with intervention with standard diets recommended for these patients.
Sport, exercise and health. Toward the next century; In most countries throughout the world, except those affected by the HIV-Aids epidemic, populations are increasing in size, rapidly getting older, and becoming more sedentary. This combination,along with the adoption of unhealthy habits such as cigarette smoking and consumption of an animal-based rather than a plant-based diet, will result in chronic degenerative diseases becoming the most common cause of disability and premature death throughout the world during the first twenty-five years of this new millennium. As more and more populations acquire the technology that reduces the need to exercise for transportation, occupation or maintaining a household, tack of activity quickly becomes a major risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, hypertension and noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus. This lack of activity appears to contribute to other disorders such as osteoporosis and selected site-specific cancers. In older persons, inactivity can become a major reason for loss of physical independence and a reduction in their quality of life. Public health approaches will be needed to reverse this trend of increasing "hypokinetic" diseases as the computer/communication revolution becomes worldwide. These public health programs will need to be supported by government and corporate changes in policies that provide time,facilities and incentives for maintaining an appropriately active life-style. The goal should be for all adults to perform at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous intensity exercise on most days.
Intestinal serine protease inhibition increases FGF21 and improves metabolism in obese mice; Trypsin is the major serine protease responsible for intestinal protein digestion. An inhibitor. camostat (CS), reduced weight gain, hyperglycemia. and dyslipidemia in obese rats; however, the mechanisms for these are largely unknown. We reasoned that CS creates an apparent dietary protein restriction, which is known to increase hepatic fibrob-last growth factor 21 (FGF21). Therefore, metabolic responses to CS and a gut-restricted CS metabolite, FOY-251, were measured in mice. Food intake, body weight, blood glucose, branched-chain amino acids (LC/MS), hormone levels (ELISA), liver pathology (histology), and transcriptional changes (qRT-PCR) were measured in ob/ob, lean and diet-induced obese (DIO) C57BL/6 mice. In ob/ob mice, CS in chow (9-69 mg/kg) or FOY-251 (46 mg/kg) reduced food intake and body weight gain to a similar extent as pair-fed mice. CS decreased blood glucose, liver weight. and lipidosis and increased FGF21 gene transcription and plasma levels. In lean mice, CS increased liver FGF21 mRNA and plasma levels. Relative to pair feeding. FOY-251 also increased plasma FGF21 and induced liver FGF21 and integrated stress response (ISR) transcription. In DIO mice. FOY-251 (100 mg/kg po) did not alter peak glucose levels but reduced the AUC of the glucose excursion in response to an oral glucose challenge. FOY-251 increased plasma FGF21 levels. In addition to previously reported satiety-dependent (cholecystokinin-mediated) actions, intestinal trypsin inhibition engages non-satiety-related pathways in both leptin-deficient and DIO mice. This novel mechanism improves metabolism by a liver-integrated stress response and increased FGF21 expression levels in mice. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Trypsin inhibitors, including plant-based consumer products, have long been associated with metabolic improvements. Studies in the 1980s and 1990s suggested this was due to satiety hormones and caloric wasting by loss of protein and fatty acids in feces. This work suggests an entirely new mechanism based on the lower amounts of digested protein available in the gut. This apparent protein reduction may cause beneficial metabolic adaptation by the intestinal-liver axis to perceived nutrient stress.
<i>In vitro</i> Evaluation of the Effect of <i>Pluchea indica</i> Extracts in Promoting Glucose Consumption Activity on A Liver Cell Line; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disorder that is associated with mortality and morbidity. Recently, several plant-based agents have been used in the management of diabetes. Pluchea indica has been traditionally consumed as a medicinal plant in Southeast Asia, and its leaves have demonstrated induction of hypoglycemic effect in normal rats. This in vitro study aimed to evaluate the potency of P. indica extracts in stimulating glucose consumption in human liver CCL-13 cell line model. Methods: P. indica leaves were dried and extracted using a series of organic solvents and water. The effect of the extracts on cell viability was determined by MTT assay. The glucose consumption was analyzed using glucose oxidase method. Results: Our results revealed that the methanol extract of P. indica could significantly increase glucose consumption of cells in a concentration-dependent manner, which suggests the usefulness of the extract as an antidiabetic candidate via stimulation of glucose uptake into the liver cells. Conclusion: Our study suggests that P. indica is a potential natural candidate for diabetes mellitus management.
Intake of fiber and fiber-rich plant foods is associated with a lower risk of renal cell carcinoma in a large US cohort; Background: Plant-based and fiber-rich diets high in vegetables, fruit, and whole grains are recommended to prevent cancer and chronic conditions associated with renal cell carcinoma (RCC), such as obesity, hypertension, and diabetes. Diet may play a role in the etiology of RCC directly and/or indirectly. Objective: In a large prospective cohort of US men and women, we comprehensively investigated dietary intake and food sources of fiber in relation to RCC risk. Design: Participants of the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study (n = 491,841) completed a self-administered questionnaire of demographics, diet, lifestyle, and medical history. Over 9 (mean) years of followup we identified 1816 incident cases of RCC. HRs and 95% CIs were estimated within quintiles by using multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression. Results: Total dietary fiber intake was associated with a significant 15-20% lower risk of RCC in the 2 highest quintiles compared with the lowest (P-trend = 0.005). Intakes of legumes, whole grains, and cruciferous vegetables were also associated with a 16-18% reduced risk of RCC. Conversely, refined grain intake was positively associated with RCC risk in a comparison of quintile 5 with quintile 1 (HR: 1.19; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.39; P-trend = 0.04). The inverse association between fiber intake and RCC was consistent among participants who never smoked, had a body mass index [BMI (in kg/m(2))] <30, and did not report of history of diabetes or hypertension. Conclusions: Intake of fiber and fiber-rich plant foods was associated with a significantly lower risk of RCC in this large US cohort. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00340015. Am J Clin Nutr 2013;97:1036-43.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids and fish consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes; Background: Although dietary omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids may confer some cardiovascular benefits, it is unclear whether these nutrients may also unfavorably affect risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Objective: We evaluated whether dietary omega-3 fatty acids and fish consumption were associated with increased risk of T2D. Design: This was a prospective study of 36,328 women (mean age: 54.6 y) who participated in the Women's Health Study and who were followed from 1992 to 2008. Incident T2D was self-reported and validated primarily through the collection of supplementary information from participants. Information on omega-3 and fish intakes was obtained by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. We used Cox proportional hazard models to estimate adjusted relative risks. Results: During an average follow-up of 12.4 y, 2370 women developed T2D. Marine but not plant-based omega-3 fatty acids were positively associated with incident T2D. From the lowest to highest quintiles of marine omega-3 intake, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for T2D were 1.0 (referent), 1.17 (1.03, 1.33), 1.20 (1.05, 1.38), 1.46 (1.28, 1.66), and 1.44 (1.25, 1.65), respectively (P for trend < 0.0001). A similar association was observed with fish intake, but additional adjustment for docosahexaenoic acid led to the elimination of the association. The relation between marine omega-3 fatty acids and T2D was observed in hypertensive and nonhypertensive subjects and in women who reported infrequent fish consumption. Conclusion: Our data suggest an increased risk of T2D with the intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, especially with higher intakes (>= 0.20 g omega-3/d or >= 2 servings of fish/d). The Women's Health Study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00000479. Am J Clin Nutr 2011;93:143-50.
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood lipid control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and network meta-analysis; The aim of this study was to assess the effects of different dietary approaches on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) by applying network meta-analysis (NMA). Systematic electronic and hand searches were conducted until January 2018. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with an intervention period of >= 12 weeks, focussing on adults with T2D, and comparing dietary approaches regarding LDL, HDL or TGs, were included. For each outcome measure, random effects NMA was performed in order to determine the effect of each dietary approach compared to every other dietary intervention. Mean differences (MDs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated, and for the ranking, the surface under the cumulative ranking curves (SUCRA) was determined. Additionally, the credibility of evidence was evaluated. 52 RCTs (44 for LDL, 48 for HDL and 52 for TGs) comparing nine dietary approaches (low fat, vegetarian, Mediterranean, high protein, moderate carbohydrate, low carbohydrate, control, low glycaemic index/glycaemic load and Palaeolithic diet) enrolling 5360 T2D patients were included. The vegetarian diet most effectively reduced LDL levels [MD (95% CI): - 0.33 (- 0.55, - 0.12) mmol/L; compared to the control diet]. The Mediterranean diet beneficially raised HDL [MD (95% CI): 0.09 (0.04, 0.15) mmol/L] and decreased TG levels [MD (95% CI): - 0.41 (- 0.72, - 0.10) mmol/L] compared to the control diet. The Mediterranean diet was the most effective dietary approach to manage diabetic dyslipidaemia altogether (SUCRA: 79%). The overall findings are mainly limited by low credibility of evidence.
A network meta-analysis on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; The aim of the present study is to assess the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using a systematic review of the literature. Electronic and hand searches were performed until July 2017. The inclusion criteria were defined as follows: (1) randomized trial with a dietary approach; (2) adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus; (3) outcome either HbA1c (%) and/or fasting glucose (mmol/l); (4) minimum intervention period of 12 weeks. For each outcome measure, random effects network meta-analysis was performed in order to determine the pooled effect of each intervention relative to each of the other interventions. A total of 56 trials comparing nine dietary approaches (low-fat, Vegetarian, Mediterranean, high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate, low-carbohydrate, control, low GI/GL, Palaeolithic) enrolling 4937 participants were included. For reducing HbA1c, the low-carbohydrate diet was ranked as the best dietary approach (SUCRA: 84%), followed by the Mediterranean diet (80%) and Palaeolithic diet (76%) compared to a control diet. For reducing fasting glucose, the Mediterranean diet (88%) was ranked as the best approach, followed by Palaeolithic diet (71%) and Vegetarian diet (63%). The network analysis also revealed that all dietary approaches significantly reduce HbA1c (- 0.82 to - 0.47% reduction) and fasting glucose (- 1.61 to - 1.00 mmol/l reduction) compared to a control diet. According to the network meta-analysis the Mediterranean diet is the most effective and efficacious dietary approach to improve glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes patients.
A Worksite Vegan Nutrition Program Is Well-Accepted and Improves Health-Related Quality of Life and Work Productivity; Background/Aims: Vegetarian and vegan diets are effective in preventing and treating several chronic diseases. However, their acceptability outside a clinical trial setting has not been extensively studied. The aim of this study was to determine the acceptability of a worksite vegan nutrition program and its effects on health-related quality of life and work productivity. Methods: Employees of a major insurance corporation with a body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2) and/or a previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes received either weekly group instruction on a low-fat vegan diet (n = 68) or received no diet instruction (n = 45) for 22 weeks. Results: The vegan group reported improvements in general health (p = 0.002), physical functioning (p = 0.001), mental health (p = 0.03), vitality (p = 0.004), and overall diet satisfaction (p < 0.001) compared with the control group. The vegan group also reported a decrease in food costs (p = 0.003), and increased difficulty finding foods when eating out (p = 0.04) compared with the control group. The vegan group reported a 40-46% decrease in health-related productivity impairments at work (p = 0.03) and in regular daily activities (p = 0.004). Conclusions: A worksite vegan nutrition program is well-accepted and can be implemented by employers to improve the health, quality of life, and work productivity of employees. Copyright (C) 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel
Group Medical Visits 2.0: The Open Source Wellness Behavioral Pharmacy Model; Objectives: The Open Source Wellness (OSW) model was designed to function as a behavioral pharmacy; an affordable, accessible delivery system for a universal experiential prescription: MOVE (physical activity), NOURISH (healthy meals), CONNECT (social support), and BE (stress reduction). This study evaluates the OSW model in a billable group medical visit (GMV) format in a federally qualified health center (FQHC). Intervention: Patients with behaviorally mediated conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and depression, as well as poor social determinants of health, such as food insecurity, were prescribed participation in the OSW program by their medical team. Groups met for 2 h each week for 16 weeks to complete 30 min of socially engaging physical activity, 5 min of mindfulness meditation, a 10-min interactive, didactic health lesson, a 5-min nutrition lesson, and 60 min of small-group coaching over a plant-based meal. Paraprofessional health coaches worked with participants in small groups to provide support and create accountability to goals. In addition, participants received a $10 voucher to Food Farmacy, which provided free produce. Subjects: The sample consisted of 49 patients from the Hayward Wellness Center, an FQHC in Hayward, California. They were mostly women, 59.6%, and racially and ethnically diverse: 23.1% African American, 5.8% Asian, 26.9% Hispanic/Latino, 11.5% Pacific Islander, and 32.7% Caucasian. Participants averaged 59.1 years of age (SD = 10.6). Outcome measures: Blood pressure and weight were recorded weekly. Demographic and acute care utilization data were drawn from the electronic medical record. Self-report questionnaires assessed diet, exercise, and mood on a monthly basis. Methods and results: Longitudinal data were analyzed with linear mixed models. Participants (n = 49) demonstrated significant increases in daily servings of fruits and vegetables, b = 0.31, p < 0.01, and exercise, b = 11.50, p < 0.01, as well as significant reductions in body mass index, b = -0.10, p = 0.05. Acute care utilization decrease was not statistically significant, b = -0.07, p = 0.14. Depressed patients (n = 11) saw reductions in depression, b = -1.72, p < 0.01, and hypertensive patients (n = 24) saw reductions in systolic blood pressure, b = -4.04, p < 0.01, but not diastolic blood pressure, b = 0.04, p = 0.95. Conclusions: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of the OSW behavioral pharmacy model within a GMV context; pathways for adaptation, spread/scale, and incorporation of this work as a component of the broader health ecosystem and national commitment to health equity are discussed.
Global sustainability (health, environment and monetary costs) of three dietary patterns: results from a Spanish cohort (the SUN project); Objective To evaluate the sustainability of the dietary patterns, according to their effects on health and environment and their affordability. Design Prospective, ongoing cohort study of university graduates. Settings The Spanish SUN project (Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra, University of Navarra Follow-up), starting from 1999. Participants A total of 18 429 participants. Methods Information from participants is collected every 2 years by validated questionnaires. We assessed three dietary patterns (the Mediterranean, the Western and the Provegetarian dietary patterns). The rate advancement period (RAP) was used to assess the healthiness of each pattern (considering the composite endpoint of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, breast cancer or type 2 diabetes). We also assessed environmental footprints and monetary costs of each dietary pattern. Results After a median follow-up of 10.1 years, we identified 469 incident cases of the composite endpoint. The Mediterranean dietary pattern exhibited the best RAP (3.10 years gained [95% CI 4.35 to 1.85] for the highest vs the lowest quartile), while the Western pattern was the unhealthiest pattern (1.33 years lost when comparing extreme quartiles). In a scale between 4 and 16 of harmful environmental effects (the lower, the more environmentally friendly), the Provegetarian pattern scored best (8.82 [95% CI 8.75 to 8.88] when comparing extreme quartiles), whereas the Western pattern was the most detrimental pattern (10.80 [95% CI 10.72 to 10.87]). Regarding monetary costs, the Western pattern was the most affordable pattern ((sic)5.87/day [95% CI 5.82 to 5.93], for the upper quartile), while the Mediterranean pattern was the most expensive pattern ((sic)7.52/day [95% CI 7.47 to 7.56]). The Mediterranean dietary pattern was the most overall sustainable option, closely followed by the Provegetarian pattern. The least overall sustainable pattern was the Western dietary pattern. Conclusion Following plant-based diets, like the Mediterranean or Provegetarian dietary patterns, could be a good option in order to achieve an overall sustainable diet.
Flavonoid and lignan intake and pancreatic cancer risk in the European prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition cohort; Despite the potential cancer preventive effects of flavonoids and lignans, their ability to reduce pancreatic cancer risk has not been demonstrated in epidemiological studies. Our aim was to examine the association between dietary intakes of flavonoids and lignans and pancreatic cancer risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort. A total of 865 exocrine pancreatic cancer cases occurred after 11.3 years of follow-up of 477,309 cohort members. Dietary flavonoid and lignan intake was estimated through validated dietary questionnaires and the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Phenol Explorer databases. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using age, sex and center-stratified Cox proportional hazards models, adjusted for energy intake, body mass index (BMI), smoking, alcohol and diabetes status. Our results showed that neither overall dietary intake of flavonoids nor of lignans were associated with pancreatic cancer risk (multivariable-adjusted HR for a doubling of intake=1.03, 95% CI: 0.95-1.11 and 1.02; 95% CI: 0.89-1.17, respectively). Statistically significant associations were also not observed by flavonoid subclasses. An inverse association between intake of flavanones and pancreatic cancer risk was apparent, without reaching statistical significance, in microscopically confirmed cases (HR for a doubling of intake=0.96, 95% CI: 0.91-1.00). In conclusion, we did not observe an association between intake of flavonoids, flavonoid subclasses or lignans and pancreatic cancer risk in the EPIC cohort. What's new? Flavonoids and lignans found in plant-based foods are potent cancer chemopreventive agents but little is known about their effects on pancreatic cancer risk. Here the authors address this question in a large prospective epidemiological study using comprehensively derived dietary data. Their results support growing evidence that there is no association between food-based consumption of both substances with pancreatic cancer risk.
Cuisine: Hangzhou foods and their role in community health and nutrition; Regional diets and associated cuisines and their contribution to overall regional nutrition are increasingly being scrutinized by scientists for their relationships to human health. The Hangzhou region in China has lower mortality rates associated with cardiovascular disease, lower incidences of diabetes mellitus and better blood pressure in the local population and the links between these lower rates of disease and the traditional regional cuisine are a source of interest. Zhejiang is located on the East Coast of China. The Northern part is well known for the extensive network of channels that produce a vast array of aquatic foods. The South West region and its extensive foothills are known for the production of rare and expensive venison and many types of fungi. The region is also known for the production of over ten different types of edible bamboos. The cuisine also involves many different types of green vegetables that accompany every meal. The best way to describe Hangzhou cuisine is the wide use of southern ingredients cooked in the typical northern manner. This combination leads to a unique taste combining the dainty and the smooth, the crisp and the tender, the simple and the elegant, the small and the exquisite. Overall the cuisine is known for it's low saturated fat and high PUFA, particularly long-chain omega-3 PUFA and fibre. There is extensive use of plant based foods high in complex phytochemicals and trace elements. This combination leads to a balanced nutrition that contributes to the community health in Hangzhou.
An integrative view of obesity; Obesity is the result of the accumulation of excess body fat and not simply excess weight that can be muscle or fat. Adipocytes function in the adaptation to starvation, in exercise energetics, and in the immune defense against pathogens. Sustained positive energy balance results in excessive accumulation of adipocytes, which, in the abdomen, leads to chronic inflammation. Although informative studies have been performed with cultured adipocytes, an integrative approach to the regulation of abdominal adipose tissue involves feedback from autocrine and paracrine effectors secreted by adipocytes, the immune system, and blood flow through adipose tissue. Numerous adipokines, chemokines, and cytokines feed back to other bodily systems to regulate both energy balance and immune function. Studies of the interactions of the gastrointestinal tract and the central nervous system, as well as psychophysiological considerations of reward circuitry in the central nervous system, have shown a general adaptation to starvation that is opposed to those strategies being proposed for the prevention and treatment of obesity, ie, food restriction and increased physical activity. The obesogenic environment of highly palatable foods with hidden fats and sugars can promote metabolic syndrome and obesity, whereas fruit and vegetables with anti-inflammatory phytochemicals can counteract metabolic syndrome. Therefore, a plant-based diet and the seamless integration of increased physical activity and social support to alter modern diets and lifestyles hold out the greatest hope for the solution of the obesity epidemic. Both public health and medical nutrition approaches can benefit from this integrative view of obesity. Am J Clin Nutr 2010;91(suppl):280S-3S.
Portfolio Dietary Pattern and Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Controlled Trials; Background: The evidence for the Portfolio dietary pattern, a plant-based dietary pattern that combines recognized cholesterol-lowering foods (nuts, plant protein, viscous fibre, plant sterols), has not been summarized. Objective: To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials using GRADE of the effect of the Portfolio dietary pattern on the primary therapeutic lipid target for cardiovascular disease prevention, low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and other established cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and The Cochrane Library through April 19, 2018. We included controlled trials >= 3-weeks assessing the effect of the Portfolio dietary pattern on cardiometabolic risk factors compared with an energy-matched control diet free of Portfolio dietary pattern components. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. The primary outcome was LDL-C. Data were pooled using the generic inverse-variance method and expressed as mean differences (MDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I-2-statistic). GRADE assessed the certainty of the evidence. Results: Eligibility criteria were met by 7 trial comparisons in 439 participants with hyperlipidemia, in which the Portfolio dietary pattern was given on a background of a National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Step II diet The combination of a portfolio dietary pattern and NCEP Step II diet significantly reduced the primary outcome LDL-C by similar to 17% (MD, -0.73 mmol/L, [95% CI, -0.89 to -0.56 mmol/L]) as well as non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, C-reactive protein, and estimated 10-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, compared with an NCEP Step 2 diet alone (p < 0.05). There was no effect on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or body weight. The certainty of the evidence was high for LDL-cholesterol and most lipid outcomes and moderate for all others outcomes. Conclusions: Current evidence demonstrates that the Portfolio dietary pattern leads to clinically meaningful improvements in LDL-C as well as other established cardiometabolic risk factors and estimated 10-year CHD risk. (C) 2018 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
Associations between Vitamin B-12 Status and Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Diabetic Vegetarians and Omnivores; Diabetes is considered an oxidative stress and a chronic inflammatory disease. The purpose of this study was to investigate the correlations between vitamin B-12 status and oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic vegetarians and omnivores. We enrolled 154 patients with type 2 diabetes (54 vegetarians and 100 omnivores). Levels of fasting glucose, glycohemoglobin (HbA1c), lipid profiles, oxidative stress, antioxidant enzymes activity, and inflammatory makers were measured. Diabetic vegetarians with higher levels of vitamin B-12 (>250 pmol/L) had significantly lower levels of fasting glucose, HbA1c and higher antioxidant enzyme activity (catalase) than those with lower levels of vitamin B-12 (<= 250 pmol/L). A significant association was found between vitamin B-12 status and fasting glucose (r = -0.17, p = 0.03), HbA1c (r = -0.33, p = 0.02), oxidative stress (oxidized low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, r = -0.19, p = 0.03), and antioxidant enzyme activity (catalase, r = 0.28, p = 0.01) in the diabetic vegetarians; vitamin B-12 status was significantly correlated with inflammatory markers (interleukin-6, r = -0.33, p < 0.01) in diabetic omnivores. As a result, we suggest that it is necessary to monitor the levels of vitamin B-12 in patients with diabetes, particularly those adhering to a vegetarian diet.
Plant-Derived Supplementary Carbohydrates, Polysaccharides and Oligosaccharides in Management of Diabetes Mellitus: A Comprehensive Review; Background and aims: Diabetes mellitus is a chronic heterogenic disease characterized by the deregulation of the metabolism of insulin and glucose. The aim of this review has been to evaluate the efficacy of medical plant-based carbohydrates, excluding monosaccharides, to manage glycemic response in clinical trials. Methods: The range of literature presented was compiled by searching electronic databases, including Scopus, PubMed and Cochrane library, from their inception through to June 2018. Only clinical-based studies were considered for this review. Dietary carbohydrates were investigated, especially those containing fiber possessing beneficial effects in the management of hyperglycemia. The most common oligosaccharides, including xylooligosaccharide, isomaltooligosaccharide, fructooligosaccharide, galactooligosaccharide, and sucrose, were able to manage glycemic and insulin metabolism in clinical trials. Results: In light of 77 selected papers, several plant-based oligosaccharides and polysaccharides have been shown to significantly improve the management of glucose and insulin metabolism in healthy and diabetic patients. Conclusions: Oligosaccharides and polysaccharides derived from plants possess promising hypoglycemic potential, similar to and even more effective than current synthetic drugs, with no deleterious side effects.
Impact of a 12-month Inflammation Management Intervention on the Dietary Inflammatory Index, inflammation, and lipids; Background and aims: The objective of this study was to assess the feasibility (ability to recruit participants and develop the 12-month intervention), acceptability (retention of participants in the intervention), and impact on systemic inflammation and Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII (R)) scores over a 12-month DII-based intervention. Methods: Adults were recruited to participate in a self-selection trial (intervention: n = 61, in-person classes; control: n = 34, newsletters). Classes included participatory cooking and dietary recommendations focused on consuming a plant-based diet rich in anti-inflammatory foods (spices, vegetables, etc.). Changes in markers of inflammation, lipids, and DII were analyzed using general linear models with repeated measurements. Results: At 3 months, intervention participants had significantly lower DII scores (-2.66 +/- 2.44) compared to controls (-0.38 +/- 2.56) (p < 0.01); but not at 12 months (P = 0.10). The only biomarker to approach a significant group effect or group-by-time interaction was CRP (P = 0.11 for the group-by-time interaction). CRP decreased by -0.65 mg/L (95%CI = 0.10-1.20, P = 0.02) at 12 months in the intervention group; no significant decrease was seen for the control group. With both groups combined at 3 months, those with the greatest decrease/improvement in DII score (tertile 1) compared with those whose scores increased (tertile 3) had greater reductions in CRP (-1.09 vs. +0.52 mg/L, P = 0.04), total cholesterol (-9.38 vs. +12.02 mg/dL, P = 0.01), and LDL cholesterol (-11.99 vs. +7.16 mg/dL, P = 0.01). Conclusions: Although the intervention group had reductions in DII and CRP, main inflammation and lipid outcomes did not differ between groups. Overall, those participants with the largest reduction in DII scores had the largest reductions in CRP and LDL and total cholesterol. Future interventions may need to have more components in place to support maintenance and continued reductions in the DII. (C) 2019 European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Effect of the vegetarian diet on non-communicable diseases; A vegetarian diet generally includes plenty of vegetables and fruits, which are rich in phytochemicals, antioxidants, fiber, magnesium, vitamins C and E, Fe3+, folic acid and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and is low in cholesterol, total fat and saturated fatty acid, sodium, Fe2+, zinc, vitamin A, B-12 and D, and especially n-3 PUFA. Mortality from all-cause, ischemic heart disease, and circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases was significantly lower in vegetarians than in omnivorous populations. Compared with omnivores, the incidence of cancer and type 2 diabetes was also significantly lower in vegetarians. However, vegetarians have a number of increased risk factors for non-communicable diseases such as increased plasma homocysteine, mean platelet volume and platelet aggregability compared with omnivores, which are associated with low intake of vitamin B-12 and n-3 PUFA. Based on the present data, it would seem appropriate for vegetarians to carefully design their diet, specifically focusing on increasing their intake of vitamin B-12 and n-3 PUFA to further reduce already low mortality and morbidity from non-communicable diseases. (c) 2013 Society of Chemical Industry
Impact of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis; Background: Dietary advice is one of the cornerstones in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The American Diabetes Association recommended a hypocaloric diet for overweight or obese adults with type 2 diabetes in order to induce weight loss. However, there is limited evidence on the optimal approaches to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes patients. The aim of the present study is to assess the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and blood lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a systematic review including a standard pairwise and network meta-analysis of randomized trials. Methods and design: We will conduct searches in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) on the Cochrane Library, PubMed (from 1966), and Google Scholar. Citations, abstracts, and relevant papers will be screened for eligibility by two reviewers independently. Randomized controlled trials (with a control group or randomized trials with at least two intervention groups) will be included if they meet the following criteria: (1) include type 2 diabetes mellitus, (2) include patients aged >= 18 years, (3) include dietary intervention (different type of diets: e.g., Mediterranean dietary pattern, low-carbohydrate diet, low-fat diet, vegetarian diet, high protein diet); either hypo, iso-caloric, or ad libitum diets, (4) minimum intervention period of 12 weeks. For each outcome measure of interest, random effects pairwise and network meta-analyses will be performed in order to determine the pooled relative effect of each intervention relative to every other intervention in terms of the post-intervention values (or mean differences between the changes from baseline value scores). Subgroup analyses are planned for study length, sample size, age, and sex. Discussion: This systematic review will synthesize the available evidence on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches in the management of glycosylated hemoglobin ( primary outcome), fasting glucose, and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. The results of the present network meta-analysis will influence evidence-based treatment decisions since it will be fundamental for based recommendations in the management of type 2 diabetes.
The effect of vegetarian diets on iron status in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Vegetarian diets exclude meat, seafood, and products containing these foods. Although the vegetarian lifestyle could lead to a better health status in adults, it may also bear risks for certain nutritional deficiencies. Cross-sectional studies and narrative reviews have shown that the iron status of vegetarians is compromised by the absence of highly bioavailable haem-iron in meatless diets and the inhibiting effect of certain components present in plant foods on non-haem iron bioavailability. Methods: The databases Pubmed, Scopus, Embase, and Cochrane CentralRegister of Controlled Trials were searched for studies comparing serum ferritin, as the major laboratory parameter for iron status of adult vegetarians with non-vegetarian control groups. A qualitative review was conducted as well as an inverse-variance random-effects meta-analysis to pool available data. In addition the effect of vegetarian diets according to gender was investigated with a subgroup analysis. The results were validated using a sensitivity analysis. Results: A total of 27 cross-sectional studies and three interventional studies were selected for the systematic review. The meta-analysis which combined data of 24 cross-sectional studies showed that adult vegetarians have significantly lower serum ferritin levels than their non-vegetarian controls (-29.71 mu g/L, 95% CI [-39.69, -19.73], p < 0.01). Inclusion of semi-vegetarian diets did not change the results considerably (-23.27 mu g/L, 95% CI [-29.77, -16.76], p < 0.01). The effects were more pronounced in men (-61.88 mu g/L, 95% CI [-85.59, -38.17], p < 0.01) than in both premenopausal women (-17.70 mu g/L, 95% CI [-29.80, -5.60], p < 0.01) and all women (-13.50 mu g/L, 95% CI [-22.96, -4.04], p < 0.01), respectively. Conclusions: In conclusion our results showed that vegetarians are more likely to have lower iron stores compared with non-vegetarians. However, since high iron stores are also a risk factor for certain non-communicable diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, it is recommended that not only vegetarians but also non-vegetarians should regularly control their iron status and improve their diet regarding the content and bioavailability of iron by consuming more plants and less meat.
Exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals among residents of a rural vegetarian/vegan community; Background & Aims: Endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) are increasingly thought to be involved in the rising prevalence of disorders such as obesity, diabetes, and some hormone-dependent cancers. Several lines of evidence have indicated that vegetarian and vegan diets may offer some protection from such diseases. We hypothesized that exposure to selected EDCs among residents of the unique vegetarian/vegan community of Amirim would be lower than what has recently been reported for the omnivorous population in the first Israel Biomonitoring Study (IBMS). Methods: We studied 42 Amirim residents (29 vegetarians/13 vegans; 24 women/18men, aged 50.7 +/- 13.7 y). Subjects answered detailed lifestyle, and multipass, memory-based 24-hr dietary recall questionnaires. Concentrations of bisphenol A (BPA), 11 phthalate metabolites, and the isoflavone phytoestrogens (genistein and daidzein) were determined by GC or LC tandem mass-spectrometry on a spot urine sample. The results were compared to those obtained following the same methodology in the Jewish subgroup of the IBMS (n = 184). Results: While a vegetarian/vegan nutritional pattern had no effect on exposure to BPA, it seemed to confer a modest protection (similar to 21%) from exposure to high molecular weight phthalates. Furthermore, the summed metabolites of the high molecular weight phthalate DiNP were 36% lower in vegans compared to vegetarians (P < 0.05). In contrast, Amirim residents exhibited a level of exposure to isoflavone phytoestrogens about an order of magnitude higher than in the IBMS (P < 0.001). Conclusions: In Israel, a country whose inhabitants demonstrate exposure to EDCs comparable to that of the US and Canada, a voluntary lifestyle of vegetarianism and preference for organic food has a modest, but possibly valuable, impact on exposure to phthalates, while it is associated with a very steep increase in the exposure to phytoestrogens. Major reduction in exposure to EDCs will require regulatory actions. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Glucagon Like Peptide (Glp - 1) Receptor: A Promising Therapeutic Target for Screening of Herbal Antidiabetic Compounds; Background: Diabetes mellitus and its associated complications have become endemic to developing countries and major threat to health economy of developed nations. Although there are a number of allopathic medicines available for its treatment, they present a lot of challenges due to their adverse effects. Hence, a need for a target-specific herbal alternative is required. Aim: This study explores glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) protein as a possible therapeutic target for various antidiabetic compounds. Methods: Albino Wistar rats were used as subjects to screen the differentially expressed proteins in type 2 diabetes-induced rats and identify and characterize novel targets for screening of herbal antidiabetic compounds. Widely used and well-established single dose (40 mg/kg) STZ i.p. acute model was used to induce the hyperglycemia. Glucagon-like Peptide-1Receptor was identified in rat's serum. Plant-based anti-hyperglycemic compounds were docked at various phases of GLP-1 receptor to identify the most potent compound having high antidiabetic efficacy. Results: Ten different herbal compounds were docked against GLP-1 for antidiabetic efficacy using research collaborator for structural bioinformatics - protein data bank. It was found that Myricetin a flavonoid extracted from the leaves of Myrica rubra bonds to the GLP/receptor using least of energy and hence is best of ligand among all available options. Conclusion: Myricetin does have the best of antidiabetic potential out of all 10 screened herbal drugs, as depicted in the docking studies. GLP-1 receptor has shown the promising results as a possible target for antidiabetic drug screening.
Dietary practices among Europeans and different south Asian groups in Coventry; The dietary customs of people of South Asian origin living in Britain are important determinants of health but have been relatively little studied. As part of the Coventry study of diabetes carried out in the Foleshill ward of the city, subjects undergoing oral glucose tolerance tests provided information on this aspect of lifestyle, A questionnaire was completed by all of the last 612 subjects undergoing testing. These included 304 of European origin, 118 Punjabi Sikhs, seventy-six Pakistani/Punjabi Moslems, twenty-eight Gujerati Moslems, twenty-five Punjabi Hindus and forty-seven Gujerati Hindus. There were no discernible differences in the dietary customs of those with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and newly diagnosed diabetes. Subjects of South Asian origin ate significantly fewer meals per day than European subjects. Evening meal times were 2-3 h later among South Asians. Europeans ate less fruit but more vegetables and more brown rice than South Asians, Gujeratis ate more rice, fried snacks and white flour, Moslems were least Likely to be vegetarians, to drink alcohol and to use home-made ghee and yoghurt, and Punjabi Sikhs and Hindus ate dhal more frequently than Pakistani Moslems, Gujerati Moslems or Hindus. Most South Asians ate Indian sweets and 'Western' snacks.
Vegan diet - what the physician should bear in mind; A vegan diet excludes the consumption of all types of meat and all products of animal origin such as milk, dairy products, eggs, gelatin. Vegans are thinner than the general population, rarely suffer from cardiovascular disease, type II diabetes, hypertension and some cancers. They are also a population with a particularly favorable parameters of lipid metabolism. World authorities in the field of nutrition claim that a properly planned vegan diet can meet human needs at every stage of life cycle. They stressed, however, that it requires special attention in the selection of food products and the need for consumption of foods fortified with certain compounds or dietary supplements. Vitamin B12 deficiency is still the current problem among vegans. Therefore, the need for vitamin B12 concentration systematical monitoring should be emphasized. The education in this field should include both doctors and dietitians as well as vegans themselves.
Evaluation of the burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus in population of Puducherry, South India; Aims: To find out the prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and the correlates among the adult population of Puducherry, South India. Methods: In this population based cross-sectional study in the rural and urban field practice area of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Research Institute, Puducherry, by simple random sampling 1013 adults of 30 years and above, not on anti-diabetics drugs were included. Main outcome measures were the prevalence and correlates of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus among the adult population. Pre-designed and pre-tested questionnaire was used to elicit the information on family and individual socio-demographic variables. Height, weight, waist and hip circumference, blood pressure were measured and venous blood was collected to measure fasting blood glucose and blood cholesterol. Results: Overall, 10.3% study subjects were diagnosed as diabetic. In univariate analysis age, dilatory habit, tobacco addiction, body mass index, waist hip ratio, hypertension, and total blood cholesterol were found statistically significant. In multivariate logistic regression (LR method) analysis age, residence, education, dietary habit, tobacco addiction, body mass index, waist hip ratio and total blood cholesterol were statistically significant. Conclusions: In our study adults having increased age, urban residence, illiterate, non-vegetarian diet, tobacco addiction, obese and high total blood cholesterol were important correlates. (C) 2010 Diabetes India. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
ISOLATION AND CHARACTERIZATION OF GYMNEMIC ACID FROM GYMNEMA SYLVESTRE R.BR. IN CONTROL OF DIABETES; Diabetes is one of the oldest wide spread diseases of the world which is due to lack of insulin utilization or production. It is a gene-controlled disorder besides the expression is regulated by other environmental factors like food habits, life style, age etc. In this context, plant-based therapeutics are promising. The invaluable traditional anti-diabetic plants are sure to provide alternative therapeutic agents for diabetes. Gymnema sylvestre is a vine-like plant and is considered as herbal remedy for high blood sugar. The important active ingredient of Gymnema sylvestre is an organic acid called "Gymnemic acid". The recent studies have shown that the extract of Gymnema sylvestre is useful in controlling blood sugar to treat type-II diabetes. It increases the insulin producing b-cells of pancreas and significantly reduces the metabolic effects of sugar by preventing the intestine from absorbing the sugar molecules during the process of digestion. The objective of the present investigation was to isolate and characterize the Gymnemci acid, from seventeen ecotypes of Gymnema sylvestre leaves with different solvent systems like petroleum ether, benzene, and methanol. The defatted leaves were extracted under continuous hot extraction in Soxhlet apparatus with 90% methanol gave the maximum yield of gymnemic acid (42%) from the ecotype collected from Warangal-1. Gymnemic acid was purified by preparative chromatographic methods i.e., TLC and HPTLC. The anlysis by HPTLC showed 30% purity of Gymnemic acid.
<i>CDKN2A</i>/<i>2B rs10811661</i> gene polymorphism and sedentary life style factors, their risk association with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Indian population-A case control study; CDKN2A/2B is a major gene in pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction and regeneration related with Type-2 diabetes, Obesity, Insulin resistance and CVD. Current study analyses the consortium of CDKN2A/2B polymorphism in 369 Type 2 Diabetes cases and 100 controls in Indian population. The study was done by PCR-RFLP technique to study the CDKN2A/2B polymorphism in the study subjects. Study contemplated that CDKN2A/2B C/T genotype distribution between cases and controls were found to be significant (0.0001). Higher CDKN2A/2B T allele frequency (0.31%) in cases as compare to control (0.13%). CDKN2A/2B CT and TT had 3.16 (1.84-5.42), 5.84 (1.75-19.45) Odd ratios with 95% class intervals. HbA1C, Cholesterol, HDL and LDL were responsible for disease, and significant results were observed in biochemical parameters. On comparing biochemical parameters with sedentary life style factors, it was observed that PPG and FPI, HDL exhibited positive relation with smoking at p(0.04), (0.02) and (0.07) respectively, alcoholism with HDL at p(0.05), Non vegetarian food with Triglycerides at p(0.005),and Exercise (not doing) with PPG, HbA1C, FPI, HDL, LDL and triglycerides at p (0.02, 0.0001, 0.04, 0.0001 and 0.0003) respectively. Remaining parameters manifest no significance. The epilogue of the study contemplates affiliation of CDKN2A/2B rs10811661 gene polymorphism with possibility of Type 2 Diabetes Mellites. HbA1C, Cholesterol, HDL and LDL increases the risk of occurrence of T2DM in subject population. Significant association between biochemical parameters with sedentary life style factor increases the danger of Type 2 Diabetes Mellites in Indian population.
The effect of macronutrients on glycaemic control: a systematic review of dietary randomised controlled trials in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes in which there was no difference in weight loss between treatment groups; Weight loss is crucial for treating type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It remains unclear which dietary intervention is best for optimising glycaemic control, or whether weight loss itself is the main reason behind observed improvements. The objective of this study was to assess the effects of various dietary interventions on glycaemic control in overweight and obese adults with T2DM when controlling for weight loss between dietary interventions. A systematic review of randomised controlled trials (RCT) was conducted. Electronic searches of Medline, Embase, Cinahl and Web of Science databases were conducted. Inclusion criteria included RCT with minimum 6 months duration, with participants having BMI >= 25.0 kg/m(2), a diagnosis of T2DM using HbA1c, and no statistically significant difference in mean weight loss at the end point of intervention between dietary arms. Results showed that eleven studies met the inclusion criteria. Only four RCT indicated the benefit of a particular dietary intervention over another in improving HbA1c levels, including the Mediterranean, vegan and low glycaemic index (GI) diets. However the findings from one of the four studies showing a significant benefit are questionable because of failure to control for diabetes medications and poor adherence to the prescribed diets. In conclusion there is currently insufficient evidence to suggest that any particular diet is superior in treating overweight and obese patients with T2DM. Although the Mediterranean, vegan and low-GI diets appear to be promising, further research that controls for weight loss and the effects of diabetes medications in larger samples is needed.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of different dietary approaches to the management of type 2 diabetes; Background: There is evidence that reducing blood glucose concentrations, inducing weight loss, and improving the lipid profile reduces cardiovascular risk in people with type 2 diabetes. Objective: We assessed the effect of various diets on glycemic control, lipids, and weight loss. Design: We conducted searches of PubMed, Embase, and Google Scholar to August 2011. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with interventions that lasted >= 6 mo that compared low-carbohydrate, vegetarian, vegan, low glycemic index (GI), high-fiber, Mediterranean, and high-protein diets with control diets including low-fat, high-GI, American Diabetes Association, European Association for the Study of Diabetes, and low-protein diets. Results: A total of 20 RCTs were included (n = 3073 included in final analyses across 3460 randomly assigned individuals). The low-carbohydrate, low-GI, Mediterranean, and high-protein diets all led to a greater improvement in glycemic control [glycated hemoglobin reductions of -0.12% (P = 0.04), -0.14% (P = 0.008), -0.47% (P < 0.00001), and -0.28% (P < 0.00001), respectively] compared with their respective control diets, with the largest effect size seen in the Mediterranean diet. Low-carbohydrate and Mediterranean diets led to greater weight loss [0.69 kg (P = 0.21) and 1.84 kg (P < 0.00001), respectively], with an increase in HDL seen in all diets except the high-protein diet. Conclusion: Low-carbohydrate, low-GI, Mediterranean, and high-protein diets are effective in improving various markers of cardiovascular risk in people with diabetes and should be considered in the overall strategy of diabetes management. Am J Clin Nutr 2013;97:505-16.
Serum carbon and nitrogen stable isotopes as potential biomarkers of dietary intake and their relation with incident type 2 diabetes: the EPIC-Norfolk study; Background: Stable-isotope ratios of carbon (C-13/C-12, expressed as delta C-13) and nitrogen (N-15/N-14, or delta N-15) have been proposed as potential nutritional biomarkers to distinguish between meat, fish, and plant-based foods. Objective: The objective was to investigate dietary correlates of delta C-13 and delta N-15 and examine the association of these biomarkers with incident type 2 diabetes in a prospective study. Design: Serum delta C-13 and delta N-15 (parts per thousand) were measured by using isotope ratio mass spectrometry in a case-cohort study (n = 476 diabetes cases; n = 718 subcohort) nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Norfolk population-based cohort. We examined dietary (food-frequency questionnaire) correlates of delta C-13 and delta N-15 in the subcohort. HRs and 95% CIs were estimated by using Prentice-weighted Cox regression. Results: Mean (+/- SD) delta C-13 and delta N-15 were -22.8 +/- 0.4 parts per thousand and 10.2 +/- 0.4 parts per thousand, respectively, and delta C-13 (r = 0.22) and delta N-15 (r = 0.20) were positively correlated (P < 0.001) with fish protein intake Animal protein was not correlated with delta C-13 but was significantly correlated with delta N-15 (dairy protein: r = 0.11; meat protein: r = 0.09; terrestrial animal protein: r = 0.12, P <= 0.013). delta C-13 was inversely associated with diabetes in adjusted analyses (HR per tertile: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.83; P-trend < 0.001], whereas delta N-15 was positively associated (HR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.09, 1.38; P-trend = 0.001). Conclusions: The isotope ratios delta C-13 and delta N-15 may both serve as potential biomarkers of fish protein intake, whereas only delta N-15 may reflect broader animal-source protein intake in a European population. The inverse association of delta C-13 but a positive association of delta N-15 with incident diabetes should be interpreted in the light of knowledge of dietary intake and may assist in identifying dietary components that are associated with health risks and benefits.
SHOULD WE BE 7TH DAY ADVENTIST TO BE IN GOOD HEALTH?; Many health-related research studies among Seventh-day Adventists (SDA) were published since 1958. Californian and Norwegian studies have shown that SDA have lower coronary mortality rates than the general population. This finding is usually attributed to the lifestyle advocated by the Seventh-day Adventist church with greater physical activity, lower median BMI, abstention from use of alcohol and tobacco, food habits characterized by a large intake of fruits, vegetables, cereal fiber, unsaturated fatty acids and a low consumption of saturated fats. The results about cancer incidence were discussed. Californian studies have shown significantly decreased relative risk in SDA than in the general population. Japanese studies have also reported lower risk of cancers in men with lifestyles similar to those of SDA. By contrast the Norwegian study of SDA has shown that the risk of cancer seems to be similar to that of the general population. Some studies reported a greater prevalence of type 2 diabetes in the non vegetarian SDA than the vegetarian. Compared with vegetarian, non vegetarian SDA reported more medication use, more chronic diseases, more hospitalizations and surgeries. Lifestyle choices of SDA as above described could prevent a great many coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes. This lifestyle is now emphasized by French PNNS.
STUDY OF PREVALENCE OF DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE-2 AND IMPAIRED GLUCOSE TOLERANCE AMONG ADULTS IN A RURAL AREA OF KATIHAR, BIHAR; The prevalence of type-2 diabetes mellitus is increasing globally particularly in developing countries. Previously, diabetes mellitus type-2 was disease of middle aged and elderly, but recently it is affecting younger age group including adolescents especially in the high risk population. OBJECTIVES 1. To determine the prevalence of diabetes mellitus type-2 in a rural population of age 30 years and above, 2. To determine the prevalence of Impaired Glucose Tolerance in a rural population of age 30 year and above, and 3. To study the association of various risk factors with diabetes mellitus type-2 and Impaired Glucose Tolerance. METHODOLOGY A community-based cross-sectional study was carried out in population 30 years and above at Chanpi village in the district of Katihar in Bihar during the study period of 1st January to 31st December 2014. This was a community-based study in which all persons aged 30 years or more living in this village were eligible for participation. After taking early morning fasting sample, the study subjects were given 75 gm of anhydrous glucose in 200 mL of water to drink in 5 minutes and blood samples were collected exactly after 2 hours to estimate oral glucose tolerance. Samples were tested in the laboratory on the same day. RESULTS Total sample size in this study was 916 and out of this 31 were found to have type-2 diabetes mellitus and 75 were Impaired Glucose Tolerance (IGT). Distribution of type 2 diabetes among non-vegetarians was found to be 77.42% and 85.33% in IGT. 54.84% males and 45.16% females were found to be type-2 diabetes mellitus and almost same percentage of males and females were found in IGT. Distribution of DM-2 according to literacy level was found to be 29.03%, 41.94%, 19.35%, 6.45%, 3.23% are illiterate, just literate, primary, secondary, higher secondary school person respectively. CONCLUSIONS This study shows that the prevalence of diabetes and IGT is high in the subjects having sedentary lifestyle, non-vegetarians, and illiterates. Control of DM and IGT mandates lifestyle modification and control of risk factors.
Chemical profile and <i>in vivo</i> hypoglycemic effects of <i>Syzygium jambos</i>, <i>Costus speciosus</i> and <i>Tapeinochilos ananassae</i> plant extracts used as diabetes adjuvants in Puerto Rico; Background: The increasing numbers of people who use plant-based remedies as alternative or complementary medicine call for the validation of less known herbal formulations used to treat their ailments. Since Puerto Rico has the highest rate of Type 2 diabetes within all the states and territories of the United States, and Puerto Ricans commonly use plants as diabetes adjuvants, it is important to study the plants' physiological effects, and identify their bioactive compounds to understand their role in modulation of blood glucose levels. We present the phytochemical profiles and hypoglycemic effects of Tapeinochilus ananassae, Costus speciosus and Syzygium jambos. Methods: Phytochemicals in methanolic and aqueous extracts were analyzed by thin layer chromatography (TLC). Alkaloids (Bromocresol green, lambda = 470 nm), flavonoids (AlCl3, lambda = 415 nm), saponins (DNS, lambda = 760 nm), tannins (FeCl3/K4Fe(CN)(6), lambda = 395 nm) and phenolics (Folin-Ciocalteau, lambda = 765 nm) were quantified. Male C57BLKS/J (db/db) and C57BL/J (ob/ob) genetically obese mice were orally gavaged with aqueous extracts of lyophilized plant decoctions for 10wks. Results: Our results show that T. ananassae had significantly greater amounts of flavonoids and tannins, while S. jambos showed the greatest concentration of phenolics and C. speciosus exhibited higher amounts of alkaloids. C57BLKS/J db/db treated with plant extracts show better glucose modulation when the extracts are administered in complement with an insulin injection. Finally, C57BL/J ob/ob mice on T. ananassae and S. jambos treatments show better blood glucose modulation over time. Conclusion: These results document for the first time the chemical profile of T. ananassae and provide evidence for a potential anti-diabetic efficacy of T. ananassae and S. jambos.
Health outcomes of vegetarian nutrition - an update; Vegetarianism is characterized not by a uniform kind of diet but is practiced in various variants. The two major forms are lacto-ovo-vegetarian and vegan diets. Vegetarians living in Western countries not only differ in their diets but also in their lifestyle from the average population. Vegetarian diets are associated with a 40 - 50 % reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Also, vegetarians have a 20 - 30 % lower risk of ischemic heart disease. Furthermore, cancer risk is reduced by 8 - 15 % in vegetarians, compared with non-vegetarians. However, there are no significant differences in cancer mortality in vegetarians compared with meat eaters. With respect to bone health, vegetarian diets have no benefits. Also, all-cause mortality did not differ between vegetarians and comparable non-vegetarians. Based on a broad food selection, lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets rich in vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains, seeds and nuts, complemented by moderate portions of dairy products and eggs, meets the dietary requirements of adults in the general population (exceptions: Vitamin D and iodine as well as potential deficiencies in iron, zinc and possibly in long-chain omega-3 fatty acids). Risk of nutritional deficiencies is greater by practicing a vegan diet compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets. To avoid nutritional deficiencies, appropriate nutrition knowledge, wider food selection and supplementation of "critical" nutrients or the consumption of fortified foods with Vitamin B-12 and D, iodine and possibly microalgae preparations rich in DHA and EPA is recommended.
Vegetarianism - current state of knowledge; The vegetarian diets (vd) are still growing in popularity in developed Western countries. Vegetarians exclude from their diet all types of meat. Nowadays vegetarianism has many varieties: lacto-ovovegetarianism allows consumption of dairy products and eggs while vegan diet excludes all animal products including eggs and milk. Vd are low in calories, saturated fat and cholesterol and are rich in magnesium, potassium, vitamins C and E, folates, flavonoids, carotenoids, and fiber. Potential deficits are associated with the low content of vitamins B12, D, calcium and zinc. Vegetarians are slimmer than the general population, rarely suffer from cardiovascular diseases, type II diabetes, hypertension and some cancers. From this perspective carefully planned vd can be regarded as an impulse in the fight against the epidemic of obesity and lifestyle diseases with which modern society face in developed countries.
Position of the American dietetic association and dietitians of Canada: Vegetarian diets; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, Vitamin B-12, Vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the fife-cycle including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fibre, magnesium, potassium, folate, antioxidants such as vitamins C and E, and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than non-vegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease, lower blood cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. While a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes. (Can J Diet Prac Res 2003; 64:62-81).
Vegetarian diets and cardiovascular risk factors in black members of the Adventist Health Study-2; Objective To compare cardiovascular risk factors between vegetarians and non-vegetarians in black individuals living in the USA. Design A cross-sectional analysis of a sub-set of 592 black women and men enrolled in the Adventist Health Study-2 (AHS-2) cohort of Seventh-day Adventists. Setting Members of the AHS-2 cohort, who lived in all states of the USA and provinces of Canada. Subjects Black/African-American members of two sub-studies of AHS-2 where blood and physiological measurements were obtained. Results Of these women and men, 25 % were either vegan or lacto-ovo-vegetarians (labelled vegetarian/vegans'), 13 % were pesco-vegetarian and 62 % were non-vegetarian. Compared with non-vegetarians, the vegetarian/vegans had odds ratios for hypertension, diabetes, high blood total cholesterol and high blood LDL-cholesterol of 056 (95 % CI 036, 087), 048 (95 % CI 024, 098), 042 (95 % CI 027, 065) and 054 (95 % CI 033, 089), respectively, when adjusted for age, gender, education, physical activity and sub-study. Corresponding odds ratios for obesity in vegetarian/vegans and pesco-vegetarians, compared with non-vegetarians, were 043 (95 % CI 028, 067) and 047 (95 % CI 027, 081), respectively; and for abdominal obesity 054 (95 % CI 036, 082) and 050 (95 % CI 029, 084), respectively. Results for pesco-vegetarians did not differ significantly from those of non-vegetarians for other variables. Further adjustment for BMI suggested that BMI acts as an intermediary variable between diet and both hypertension and diabetes. Conclusions As with non-blacks, these results suggest that there are sizeable advantages to a vegetarian diet in black individuals also, although a cross-sectional analysis cannot conclusively establish cause.
Prevention and management of type 2 diabetes: dietary components and nutritional strategies; In the past couple of decades, evidence from prospective observational studies and clinical trials has converged to support the importance of individual nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes. The quality of dietary fats and carbohydrates consumed is more crucial than is the quantity of these macronutrients. Diets rich in wholegrains, fruits, vegetables, legumes, and nuts; moderate in alcohol consumption; and lower in refined grains, red or processed meats, and sugar-sweetened beverages have been shown to reduce the risk of diabetes and improve glycaemic control and blood lipids in patients with diabetes. With an emphasis on overall diet quality, several dietary patterns such as Mediterranean, low glycaemic index, moderately low carbohydrate, and vegetarian diets can be tailored to personal and cultural food preferences and appropriate calorie needs for weight control and diabetes prevention and management. Although much progress has been made in development and implementation of evidence-based nutrition recommendations in developed countries, concerted worldwide efforts and policies are warranted to alleviate regional disparities.
Plant Ceramides for Cosmetic Use; Ceramides as active ingredients in cosmetic preparations became more and more important in recent years. In dermatology, ceramides combined with other lipids and other cosmetic ingredients are mostly used in preparations for barrier protection and regeneration in patients with chronic inflammatory skin conditions, diabetes mellitus, or for aging skin. Since the production of synthetic ceramides is very expensive, the use of plant-based ceramides with comparable physico-chemical properties may be an alternative. New methods allow the glycosylation of these ceramides extracted from plants and their application in cosmetic preparations. Further investigations are needed to prove the integration of glycosylated plant-based ceramides into the natural lipid membranes of the stratum corneum, and to determine the functional effects on the skin barrier. Existing data predicate a great potential of plant-based ceramides for barrier protective cosmetic preparations.
Obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and vegetarian status among seventh-day adventists in Barbados: Preliminary results; A population-based sample of Seventh-Day Adventists was studied to determine the relationship between vegetarian status, body mass index (BMI), obesity, diabetes mellitus (DM), and hypertension, in order to gain a better understanding of factors influencing chronic diseases in Barbados. A systematic sampling from a random start technique was used to select participants for the study. A standard questionnaire was used to collect data on demographic and lifestyle characteristics, to record anthropometrics and blood pressure measurements, and to ascertain the hypertension and diabetes status of participants. The sample population consisted of 407 Barbadian Seventh-Day Adventists (SDAs), who ranged in age from 25 to 74 years. One hundred fifty-three (37.6%) participants were male, and 254 (62.4%) were female, and 43.5% were vegetarians. The prevalence rates of diabetes and hypertension were lower among long-term vegetarians, compared to non-vegetarians, and long-term vegetarians were, on average, leaner than non-vegetarians within the same cohort. A significant association was observed between a vegetarian diet and obesity (vegetarian by definition P=.04, self-reported vegetarian P=.009) in this population. Other components of the study population lifestyle should be further analyzed to determine the roles they may plan in lessening the prevalence rates of obesity, diabetes, and hypertension.
Vegetarian diet and all-cause mortality: Evidence from a large population-based Australian cohort - the 45 and Up Study; The vegetarian diet is thought to have health benefits including reductions in type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Evidence to date suggests that vegetarians tend to have lower mortality rates when compared with non-vegetarians, but most studies are not population-based and other healthy lifestyle factors may have confounded apparent protective effects. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between categories of vegetarian diet (including complete, semi and pesco-vegetarian) and all-cause mortality in a large population-based Australian cohort. The 45 and Up Study is a cohort study of 267,180 men and women aged >= 45 years in New South Wales (NSW), Australia. Vegetarian diet status was assessed by baseline questionnaire and participants were categorized into complete vegetarians, semi-vegetarians (eat meat <= once/week), pesco-vegetarians and regular meat eaters. All-cause mortality was determined by linked registry data to mid-2014. Cox proportional hazards models quantified the association between vegetarian diet and all-cause mortality adjusting for a range of potential confounding factors. Among 243,096 participants (mean age: 62.3 years, 46.7% men) there were 16,836 deaths over a mean 6.1 years of follow-up. Following extensive adjustment for potential confounding factors there was no significant difference in all-cause mortality for vegetarians versus non-vegetarians [HR = 1.16 (95% CI 0.93-1.45)]. There was also no significant difference in mortality risk between pesco-vegetarians [HR = 0.79 (95% CI 0.59-1.06)] or semi-vegetarians [HR= 1.12 (95% CI 0.96-1.31)] versus regular meat eaters. We found no evidence that following a vegetarian diet, semi-vegetarian diet or a pesco-vegetarian diet has an independent protective effect on all-cause mortality. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Alpha-Glucosidase Inhibitory Activity in Different Pepper Cultivars (<i>Capsicum annuum</i> L.); The number of cases of type II diabetes has increased dramatically worldwide. Plant-based foods offer some options for treating this disease. Effective diabetes prevention is achieved by controlling postprandial hyperglycemia by a-glucosidase inhibition. This study investigated the a-glucosidase inhibitory activity of extracts of 14 cultivars of pepper fruits (Capsicum annuum L.), which are widely consumed in Korea. Pepper fruit extracts were prepared with 70% ethanol and water, and diluted to 50% and 25% strengths before performing an a-glucosidase inhibition assay. No significant differences in a-glucosidase inhibitory activity were found between the two different aqueous extracts. Mee-In and Dda-Go-Ddo-Dda-Go cultivars had the highest and most sustained inhibitory activity (almost 100%) against a-glucosidase. In contrast, while extracts from SoonHan-Gil-Sang, Gil-Sang, Sweety, Hyul-Jo K, Shin-Hong, and Ai-Mat inhibited a-glucosidase activity, the level of inhibition sharply decreased with decreasing extract concentrations between 100% and 50%. The results of this study suggest the possible existence of unknown inhibitors that are present at different concentrations in different pepper cultivars. Further studies are required to identify the unknown enzymes that are key to a-glucosidase inhibition in pepper fruits.
Dietary intake of acrylamide and pancreatic cancer risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort; In 1994, acrylamide (AA) was classified as a probable human carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer. In 2002, AA was discovered at relatively high concentrations in some starchy, plant-based foods cooked at high temperatures. A prospective analysis was conducted to evaluate the association between the dietary intake of AA and ductal adenocarcinoma of the exocrine pancreatic cancer (PC) risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort using Cox regression modeling. EPIC includes > 500 000 men and women aged 35-75 at enrollment from 10 European countries. AA intake was estimated for each participant by combining questionnaire-based food consumption data with a harmonized AA database derived from the EU monitoring database of AA levels in foods, and evaluated in quintiles and continuously. After a mean follow-up of 11 years, 865 first incident adenocarcinomas of the exocrine pancreas were observed and included in the present analysis. At baseline, the mean dietary AA intake in EPIC was 26.22 mu g/day. No overall association was found between continuous or quintiles of dietary AA intake and PC risk in EPIC (HR:0.95, 95%CI:0.89-1.01 per 10 mu g/day). There was no effect measure modification by smoking status, sex, diabetes, alcohol intake or geographic region. However, there was an inverse association (HR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.61-0.88 per 10 mu g/day) between AA intake and PC risk in obese persons as defined using the body mass index (BMI, >= 30 kg/m(2)), but not when body fatness was defined using waist and hip circumference or their ratio. Dietary intake of AA was not associated with an increased risk of PC in the EPIC cohort.
Effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on cardiometabolic risk factors in diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background & aims: To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to summarize the evidence for the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on glycemic control and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in individuals with diabetes. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases through February 26, 2018 for randomized controlled trials >= 3 weeks assessing the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns in individuals with diabetes. The primary outcome was HbA(1c). Secondary outcomes included other markers of glycemic control, blood lipids, body weight/adiposity, and blood pressure. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Data were pooled by the generic inverse variance method and expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95% CIs. Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (12 statistic). The overall certainty of the evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Results: Nine trials (n = 664 participants) met the eligibility criteria. Vegetarian dietary patterns significantly lowered HbA(1c) (MD = -0.29% [95% CI: -0.45, -0.12%]), fasting glucose (MD = -0.56 mmol/L [95% CI: -0.99, -0.13 mmol/L]), LDL-C (MD = -0.12 mmol/L [95% Cl: -0.20, -0.04 mmol/L]), non-HDL-C (MD = -0.13 mmol/L [95% CI: -0.26, -0.01 mmol/L]), body weight (MD = -2.15 kg [95% CI: -2.95, -1.34 kg]), BMI (MD = -0.74 kg/m(2) [95% CI: -1.09, -0.39 kg/m(2)]) and waist circumference (MD = -2.86 cm [95% CI: -3.76, -1.96 cm]). There was no significant effect on fasting insulin, HDL-C, triglycerides or blood pressure. The overall certainty of evidence was moderate but was low for fasting insulin, triglycerides and waist circumference. Conclusion: Vegetarian dietary patterns improve glycemic control, LDL-C, non-HDL-C, and body weight/adiposity in individuals with diabetes, supporting their inclusion for diabetes management. More research is needed to improve our confidence in the estimates. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02600377. (C) 2018 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Dietary effects on insulin and nutrient metabolism in mesenteric lymph node cells, splenocytes, and pancreatic islets of BB rats; The present studies were performed to determine if a protective diet has different effects on the metabolic activity or function of islet cells, as well as the metabolic activity of mesenteric lymph node (MLN) cells and spleen cells, from BioBreeding (BB) rats. Diabetes-prone BB (BBdp) rats and control non-diabetes-prone BB (BBc) rats were fed for about 20 days either a mainly plant-based diabetogenic diet, NIH-07 (NIH). or a protective semipurified diet with hydrolyzed casein (HC) as the amino acid source. At 6 to 8 weeks of age, BBdp rats had high plasma D-glucose and low insulin concentrations, low insulin content, and low metabolic and secretory responses to D-glucose in isolated pancreatic islets. Islet metabolism, as measured by accumulation of C-14-acidic metabolites, amino acids, and the ratio of D-[U-C-14]glucose oxidation and D-[5-H-3]glucose utilization was increased in control rats fed HC (P < .05); a similar trend in BBdp rats was not significant. Feeding the HC diet increased islet insulin content (P < .01) by 13% in BBdp and 23% in BBc rats; other metabolic and hormonal variables were unaffected. Compared with BBc rats, BBdp rats displayed higher rates of L-[U-C-14]glutamine oxidation, D-[5-H-3]glucose utilization, and D-[U-C-14]glucose oxidation in MLN cells, but not in splenocytes. There was a dramatic decrease of L-[U-C-14]glutamine oxidation in MLN cells from BBc and BBdp rats fed HC. Glycolysis was decreased in control rats. We conclude that the protection afforded by feeding BBdp rats a HC diet is associated with increased insulin in target beta cells and downregulation of metabolic activity in gut-associated MLN cells. Metabolic activity in splenocytes, cells representative of the systemic immune system, was less affected. These data suggest that diet-induced metabolic changes occur in the islets and nearby cells of the gut immune system in the period before classic insulitis. Changes in the islets were smaller in comparison to the dramatic remodeling of nutrient catabolism in MLN cells. MLN downregulation may reflect baseline metabolic activity in the absence of diabetogenic (or other) food antigens and further highlights an important interaction between diabetogenic food antigens and the gut immune tissues. Copyright (C) 2000 by W.B. Saunders Company.
Role of Dietary Pattern Analysis in Determining Cognitive Status in Elderly Australian Adults; Principal Component Analysis (PCA) was used to determine the association between dietary patterns and cognitive function and to examine how classification systems based on food groups and food items affect levels of association between diet and cognitive function. The present study focuses on the older segment of the Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle Study (AusDiab) sample (age 60+) that completed the food frequency questionnaire at Wave 1 (1999/2000) and the mini-mental state examination and tests of memory, verbal ability and processing speed at Wave 3 (2012). Three methods were used in order to classify these foods before applying PCA. In the first instance, the 101 individual food items asked about in the questionnaire were used (no categorisation). In the second and third instances, foods were combined and reduced to 32 and 20 food groups, respectively, based on nutrient content and culinary usage-a method employed in several other published studies for PCA. Logistic regression analysis and generalized linear modelling was used to analyse the relationship between PCA-derived dietary patterns and cognitive outcome. Broader food group classifications resulted in a greater proportion of food use variance in the sample being explained (use of 101 individual foods explained 23.22% of total food use, while use of 32 and 20 food groups explained 29.74% and 30.74% of total variance in food use in the sample, respectively). Three dietary patterns were found to be associated with decreased odds of cognitive impairment (CI). Dietary patterns derived from 101 individual food items showed that for every one unit increase in ((Fruit and Vegetable Pattern: p = 0.030, OR 1.061, confidence interval: 1.006-1.118); (Fish, Legumes and Vegetable Pattern: p = 0.040, OR 1.032, confidence interval: 1.001-1.064); (Dairy, Cereal and Eggs Pattern: p = 0.003, OR 1.020, confidence interval: 1.007-1.033)), the odds of cognitive impairment decreased. Different results were observed when the effect of dietary patterns on memory, processing speed and vocabulary were examined. Complex patterns of associations between dietary factors and cognition were evident, with the most consistent finding being the protective effects of high vegetable and plant-based food item consumption and negative effects of 'Western' patterns on cognition. Further long-term studies and investigation of the best methods for dietary measurement are needed to better understand diet-disease relationships in this age group.
Ethnobotanical survey of the plants used in the treatment of diabetes; The paper deals with the plant based folk practices used in the treatment of diabetes. The study was conducted in two districts of Kerala, a state rich in floral diversity Even though modern medicinal facilities are available in these places, people in villages still use plant therapy to a considerable extent This may be attributed to the rich floral wealth of the state, which makes the access to the medicinal plants comparatively easy, the lower cost factor, and to a popular belief that plant derived medicines are better suited for the body The impact of modernization and commercialization of medical treatment has telling effect on the number of these users and so a proper documentation and preservation of these practices are essential
Effect of Plant Protein on Blood Lipids: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Background-There is a heightened interest in plant-based diets for cardiovascular disease prevention. Although plant protein is thought to mediate such prevention through modifying blood lipids, the effect of plant protein in specific substitution for animal protein on blood lipids remains unclear. To assess the effect of this substitution on established lipid targets for cardiovascular risk reduction, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation system. Methods and Results-MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Registry were searched through September 9, 2017. We included randomized controlled trials of >= 3 weeks comparing the effect of plant protein in substitution for animal protein on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B. Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data and assessed risk of bias. Data were pooled by the generic inverse variance method and expressed as mean differences with 95% confidence intervals. Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I-2 statistic). The overall quality (certainty) of the evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation system. One-hundred twelve randomized controlled trials met the eligibility criteria. Plant protein in substitution for animal protein decreased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 0.16 mmol/L (95% confidence interval, -0.20 to -0.12 mmol/L; P<0.00001; I-2=55%; moderate-quality evidence), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol by 0.18 mmol/L (95% confidence interval, -0.22 to -0.14 mmol/L; P< 0.00001; I-2=52%; moderate-quality evidence), and apolipoprotein B by 0.05 g/L (95% confidence interval, -0.06 to -0.03 g/L; P< 0.00001; I-2=30%; moderate-quality evidence). Conclusions-Substitution of plant protein for animal protein decreases the established lipid targets low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B. More high-quality randomized trials are needed to improve our estimates.
A CROSS SECTIONAL STUDY TO ASSESS THE PREVALENCE OF HYPERTENSION AND DIABETES AMONG OBESE AND NON OBESE PERSONS, IN ABOVE 40 YEARS AGE GROUP IN A SLUM AREA OF CHENNAI; CONTEXT: Obesity is increasing in the developed as well as developing countries. The prevalence of obesity is on the rise among the slum population. Increased incidence of visceral adiposity, hypertension, non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and coronary heart disease often cluster in the same individual and there have been speculations that a common mechanism may be responsible for all these pathological conditions. This risk factor constellation, which is associated with an enhanced risk for cardiovascular disease, is referred to as "Syndrome X. AIMS: To assess the prevalence of diabetes and hypertension among obese and non obese in above 40 years age group in a slum area of Chennai. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: Urban slum in Chennai, Cross sectional study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Present study was undertaken in a slum in Chennai in persons above 40 years age group. One slum was selected randomly and the households in the slum were sampled by a systematic random sampling method. A pre-designed and pre-tested questionnaire was used to collect information regarding the socio-demographic profile, the diet pattern, the intake of non-vegetarian and oily foods, past history of hypertension and diabetes. Anthropometric data regarding height and weight was taken to assess body mass index (BMI), blood pressure was checked using mercury column sphygmomanometer and blood glucose level by Glucometer. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: The prevalence was expressed in percentage and the Chi square test was used to find association with the factors. RESULTS: The prevalence of obesity was 13.66% and of overweight was 27.72%. The prevalence of Hypertension among obese was 39.13%, pre obese 32.39% and non obese 24.93%. The prevalence of Diabetes among obese was 28.98%, pre obese 19.71% and non obese 15.34%. CONCLUSION: There is a rising prevalence of overweight and obesity among the urban slum dwellers. The prevalence of hypertension and diabetes was found to be significantly higher among obese as compared to non obese. The prevalence of diabetes and hypertension was more in those having central adiposity indicating that most important complications of obesity such as insulin resistance, diabetes and hypertension are linked more strongly to intra abdominal fat deposition.
Indigenous plant medicines for health care: treatment of Diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia; Medicinal plants have played an important role in treating and preventing a variety of diseases throughout the world. Metabolic syndrome had become a global epidemic, defined as a cluster of three of five criteria: insulin resistance and glucose intolerance, abdominal obesity, hypertension, low high-density cholesterol, and hypertriglyceridemia. The current review focuses on Indian medicinal plant drugs and plants used in the treatment of diabetes and hyperlipidemia. Though there are various approaches to reduce the ill-effects of diabetes and hyperlipidemia and its secondary complications, plant-based drugs are preferred due to lesser side effects and low cost. The current review focuses on twenty-three medicinal plants used in the treatment of Diabetes mellitus and nine medicinal plants used in the treatment of hyperlipidemia. The wealth of knowledge on medicinal plants points to a great potential for research and the discovery of new drugs to fight diseases, including diabetes and hyperlipidemia.
Sustaining Effect of Intensive Nutritional Intervention Combined with Health Education on Dietary Behavior and Plasma Glucose in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients; Diabetes mellitus is very common in elderly Chinese individuals. Although nutritional intervention can provide a balanced diet, the sustaining effect on at-home dietary behavior and long-term plasma glucose control is not clear. Consequently, we conducted a long-term survey following one month of experiential nutritional intervention combined with health education. Based on the Dietary Guidelines for a Chinese Resident, we found that the food items met the recommended values, the percentages of energy provided from fat, protein, and carbohydrate were more reasonable after one year. The newly formed dietary patterns were Healthy, Monotonous, Vegetarian, Japanese, Low energy, and Traditional diets. The 2h-PG of female participants as well as those favoring the Japanese diet decreased above 12 mmol/L. Participants who selected Japanese and Healthy diets showed an obvious reduction in FPG while the FPG of participants from Group A declined slightly. Japanese and Healthy diets also obtained the highest DDP scores, and thus can be considered suitable for T2DM treatment in China. The results of the newly formed dietary patterns, Japanese and Healthy diets, confirmed the profound efficacy of nutritional intervention combined with health education for improving dietary behavior and glycemic control although health education played a more important role. The present study is encouraging with regard to further exploration of comprehensive diabetes care.
Prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes taking metformin: a developing country perspective; Objective: To determine the prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in patients with type 2 diabetes taking metformin attending a tertiary care facility. Methodology: This cross-sectional study was conducted at Diabetic OPD, Civil Hospital, Karachi, from January 2012 to July 2012. Patients of 35 to 60 years of age with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and compliant with metformin (? 500 mg/day) for more than 3 years were included. Patients with partial or total gastrectomy, pernicious anemia, Crohn's disease, on supplemental vitamin B12, and strict vegetarians were excluded. Brief history regarding the duration of DM, duration of metformin use, daily dose of metformin, mean blood sugar levels and monthly family income was taken. One blood sample from each patient was obtained to determine vitamin B12 level. Vitamin B12 deficiency was defined as serum level <125 pmol/L. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 19. Results: Out of 155 patients enrolled, 84 (54.2%) were male and 71 (45.8%) were female. The vitamin B12 deficiency was found in 53 (34.2%) cases. Of these, 31 (58.49%) patients were >50 years of age, 16 (30.1%) were 40-50 years of age and 6 (11.30%) were <40 years of age (p=0.01); 29 (54.71%) patients were male and 24 (45.28%) were female (p=0.53); 34 (64.15%) patients had duration of DM <7 years and 19 (35.84%) had duration >7 years (p=0.05). 18 (33.96%) patients were taking dose between 1000-2000 mg and 35 (66.03%) were taking dose of >2000 mg (p<0.001); 36 (67.92%) patients were complaint to metformin and 17 (32.07%) patients were noncompliant (p=0.20). Conclusions: Vitamin B12 deficiency is prevalent in patients with type 2 DM taking metformin and they should be investigated for vitamin B12 deficiency.
Position of the American Dietetic Association: Vegetarian Diets; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association that appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence, and for athletes. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat (including fowl) or seafood, or products containing those foods. This article reviews the current data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, n-3 fatty acids, iron, zinc, iodine, calcium, and vitamins D and B-12. A vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, supplements or fortified foods can provide useful amounts of important nutrients. An evidence-based review showed that vegetarian diets can be nutritionally adequate in pregnancy and result in positive maternal and infant health outcomes. The results of an evidence-based review showed that a vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease. Vegetarians also appear to have lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension and type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. Furthermore, vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index and lower overall cancer rates. Features of a vegetarian diet that may reduce risk of chronic disease include lower intakes of saturated fat and cholesterol and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, soy products, fiber, and phytochemicals. The variability of dietary practices among vegetarians makes individual assessment of dietary adequacy essential. In addition to assessing dietary adequacy, food and nutrition professionals can also play key roles in educating vegetarians about sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and dietary modifications to meet their needs. J Am Diet Assoc. 2009;109:1266-1282.
Cancer incidence in British vegetarians; BACKGROUND: Few prospective studies have examined cancer incidence among vegetarians. METHODS: We studied 61 566 British men and women, comprising 32 403 meat eaters, 8562 non-meat eaters who did eat fish ('fish eaters') and 20 601 vegetarians. After an average follow-up of 12.2 years, there were 3350 incident cancers of which 2204 were among meat eaters, 317 among fish eaters and 829 among vegetarians. Relative risks (RRs) were estimated by Cox regression, stratified by sex and recruitment protocol and adjusted for age, smoking, alcohol, body mass index, physical activity level and, for women only, parity and oral contraceptive use. RESULTS: There was significant heterogeneity in cancer risk between groups for the following four cancer sites: stomach cancer, RRs (compared with meat eaters) of 0.29 (95% CI: 0.07-1.20) in fish eaters and 0.36 (0.16-0.78) in vegetarians, P for heterogeneity = 0.007; ovarian cancer, RRs of 0.37 (0.18-0.77) in fish eaters and 0.69 (0.45-1.07) in vegetarians, P for heterogeneity 0.007; bladder cancer, RRs of 0.81 (0.36-1.81) in fish eaters and 0.47 (0.25-0.89) in vegetarians, P for heterogeneity 0.05; and cancers of the lymphatic and haematopoietic tissues, RRs of 0.85 (0.56-1.29) in fish eaters and 0.55 (0.39-0.78) in vegetarians, P for heterogeneity = 0.002. The RRs for all malignant neoplasms were 0.82 (0.73-0.93) in fish eaters and 0.88 (0.81-0.96) in vegetarians (P for heterogeneity 0.001). CONCLUSION: The incidence of some cancers may be lower in fish eaters and vegetarians than in meat eaters. British Journal of Cancer (2009) 101, 192-197. doi: 10.1038/sj.bjc.6605098 www.bjcancer.com Published online 16 June 2009 (C) 2009 Cancer Research UK Epidemiology
The association of dietary patterns and the incidence of insulin resistance after a 3-year follow-up: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between major dietary patterns and the risk of insulin resistance (IR) among an urban Iranian population. Methods and Study design: In this longitudinal study, 802 adult men and women were studied within the framework of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Fasting serum insulin and glucose were measured at baseline and again after a 3-year of follow-up. The usual dietary intakes were assessed using a validated 168 item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and major dietary patterns were obtained using principal component analysis. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the occurrence of IR across tertiles of dietary patterns with adjustment for potential confounding variables. Results: Mean age of participants was 39.0 +/- 11.2 years and 45.5% were men. Three major dietary patterns including the Western, traditional and healthy were extracted, which explained 25.3% of total variance in food intake. The healthy dietary pattern, loaded heavily on intake of vegetable oils, fresh and dried fruits, low-fat dairy, nuts and seeds, was accompanied with a reduced risk of insulin resistance by 51% (OR=0.49, 95% CI=0.30-0.81), and 81% (OR=0.19, 95% CI=0.10-0.36), in the second and third tertile, respectively (p trend=0.001). In the presence of all dietary pattern scores in the logistic regression model, a 45% reduced risk of IR was observed per 1 unit increase in healthy dietary pattern score. Conclusion: These findings confirmed the protective effect of a plant-based, low-fat dietary pattern against the development of insulin resistance as a main risk factor of type 2 diabetes and metabolic disorders.
The Associations of Plant Protein Intake With All-Cause Mortality in CKD; Background: Plant protein intake is associated with lower production of uremic toxins and lower serum phosphorus levels. Therefore, at a given total protein intake, a higher proportion of dietary protein from plant sources might be associated with lower mortality in chronic kidney disease. Study Design: Observational study. Settings & Participants: 14,866 NHANES III participants 20 years or older without missing data for plant and animal protein intake and mortality. Predictors: Plant protein to total protein ratio and total plant protein intake. Patients were stratified by estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <60 or >= 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). Outcomes: All-cause mortality. Measurements: Plant and total protein intakes were estimated from 24-hour dietary recalls. Mortality was ascertained by probabilistic linkage with National Death Index records through December 31, 2000. Results: Mean values for plant protein intake and plant protein to total protein ratio were 24.6 +/- 13.2 (SD) g/d and 33.0% +/- 14.0%, respectively. The prevalence of eGFRs, 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) was 4.9%. There were 2,163 deaths over an average follow-up of 8.4 years. Adjusted for demographics, smoking, alcohol use, comorbid conditions, body mass index, calorie and total protein intake, and physical inactivity, each 33% increase in plant protein to total protein ratio was not associated with mortality (HR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.74-1.04) in the eGFR >= 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) subpopulation, but was associated with lower mortality risk (HR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.61-0.96) in the eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) subpopulation. In sensitivity analyses, results were similar in those with eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) defined by serum cystatin C level. Limitations: Whether results are related to plant protein itself or to other factors associated with more plant-based diets is difficult to establish. Conclusions: A diet with a higher proportion of protein from plant sources is associated with lower mortality in those with eGFR, 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). Future studies are warranted to determine the causal role of plant protein intake in reducing mortality in those with eGFR, 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). (C) Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. This is a US Government Work. There are no restrictions on its use.
Enhanced GAD65 production in plants using the MagnICON transient expression system: Optimization of upstream production and downstream processing; Plants have emerged as competitive production platforms for pharmaceutical proteins that are required in large quantities. One example is the 65-kDa isoform of human glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65), a major autoimmune diabetes autoantigen that has been developed as a vaccine candidate for the primary prevention of diabetes. The expression of GAD65 in plants has been optimized but large-scale purification is hampered by its tendency to associate with membranes. We investigated the potential for large-scale downstream processing by evaluating different combinations of plant-based expression systems and engineered forms of GAD65 in terms of yield, subcellular localization and solubility in detergent-free buffer. We found that a modified version of GAD65 lacking the first 87 amino acids accumulates to high levels in the cytosol and can be extracted in detergent-free buffer. The highest yields of this variant protein were achieved using the MagnICON transient expression system. This combination of truncated GAD65 and the MagnICON system dramatically boosts the production of the recombinant protein and helps to optimize downstream processing for the establishment of a sustainable plant-based production platform for an autoimmune diabetes vaccine candidate.
Reversal of endothelial dysfunction in aorta of streptozotocin-nicotinamide-induced type-2 diabetic rats by S-Allylcysteine; Dietary measures and plant-based therapies as prescribed by native systems of medicine have gained attraction among diabetics with claims of efficacy. The present study investigated the effects of S-Allylcysteine (SAC) on body weight gain, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance, and nitric oxide synthase in plasma and argininosuccinate synthase (AS) and argininosuccinate lyase (ASL), lipid peroxides and antioxidant enzymes in aorta of control and streptozotocin-nicotinamide (STZ-NA)-induced diabetic rats. Changes in body weight, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance, and antioxidant profiles of aorta and mRNA expressions of nitric oxide synthase, AS, and ASL were observed in experimental rats. SAC (150 mg/kg b.w) showed its therapeutic effects similar to gliclazide in decreasing glucose, insulin resistance, lipid peroxidation, and increasing body weight; insulin, antioxidant enzymes, and mRNA levels of nitric oxide synthase, argininosuccinate synthase, and argininosuccinate lyase genes in STZ-NA rats. Histopathologic studies also revealed the protective nature of SAC on aorta. In conclusion, garlic and its constituents mediate the anti-diabetic potential through mitigating hyperglycemic status, changing insulin resistance by alleviating endothelial dysregulation in both plasma and tissues.
Relative reduction of biological and phylogenetic diversity of the oral microbiota of diabetes and pre-diabetes patients; Background: A reciprocal relationship between oral health and systemic disease, such as type 2 diabetes, has been suggested, whereby a systemic disease is a predisposing factor for oral infection. If the infection occurs, it in turn aggravates the progression of the systemic disease. According to several studies, certain constituents of the oral microbiota are linked to diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and obesity. In the current study, we aimed to compare the microbial diversity and population structure of the oral microbiota of normoglycemic, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and diabetes patients. Methodology: The study followed a case-control design, with 15 type 2 diabetes patients, 10 IGT subjects, and 19 control subjects. All subjects underwent assessment of periodontitis and oral health. Saliva samples were collected, and DNA was isolated from these samples. Hypervariable regions of the 16Sr RNA gene were amplified and sequenced, and the generated sequences underwent bioinformatics analysis. Statistical analysis and diversity index calculations were made using the statistical software R, vegan R-package, and Past3.20 software. Results: Overall, 551 operational taxonomic units (OTUs) were identified. Based on OTU analysis, a clear reduction of the number of species was observed in both IGT (412) and diabetes groups (372) compared with that in the normoglycemic group (502). This was associated with a similar pattern of reduction of biological diversity among the three groups. The phylogenetic diversity (PD-SBL) value in the normoglycemic group was higher than that in the diabetes group. The diabetes group exhibited the highest evenness value and the highest microbiota bacterial pathogenic content. Conclusion: A clear reduction of the biological and phylogenetic diversity was apparent in the diabetes and pre diabetes oral microbiota in comparison with that in the normoglycemic oral microbiota. However, this was associated with an increase in the pathogenic content of the hyperglycemic microbiota. The results of this study may aid to better understanding of the directionality of the mysterious reciprocal relationship.
Obesity, the Metabolic Syndrome, and Type 2 Diabetes in Developing Countries: Role of Dietary Fats and Oils; Developing countries are undergoing rapid nutrition transition concurrent with increases in obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). From a healthy traditional high-fiber, low-fat, low-calorie diet, a shift is occurring toward increasing consumption of calorie-dense foods containing refined carbohydrates, fats, red meats, and low fiber. Data show an increase in the supply of animal fats and increased intake of saturated fatty acid (SFAs) (obtained from coconut oil, palm oil, and ghee [clarified butted]) in many developing countries, particularly in South Asia and South-East Asia. In some South Asian populations, particularly among vegetarians, intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (obtained from flaxseed, mustard, and canola oils) and long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFAs (obtained from fish and fish oils) is low. Further, the effect of supplementation of n-3 PUFAs on metabolic risk factors and insulin resistance, except for demonstrated benefit in terms of decreased triglycerides, needs further investigation among South Asians. Data also show that intake of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) ranged from 4.7% to 16.4%en in developing countries, and supplementing it from olive, canola, mustard, groundnut, and rice bran oils may reduce metabolic risk. In addition, in some developing countries, intake of n-6 PUFAs (obtained from sunflower, safflower, corn, soybean, and sesame oils) and trans-fatty acids (TFAs) is increasing. These data show imbalanced consumption of fats and oils in developing countries, which may have potentially deleterious metabolic and glycemic consequences, although more research is needed. In view of the rapid rise of T2DM in developing countries, more aggressive public health awareness programs coupled with governmental action and clear country-specific guidelines are required, so as to promote widespread use of healthy oils, thus curbing intake of SFAs and TFAs, and increasing intake of n-3 PUFAs and MUFAs. Such actions would contribute to decelerating further escalation of "epidemics" of obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and T2DM in developing countries.
Legume consumption and its association with fasting glucose, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in the Indian Migration Study; Objective: Legume consumption is associated with lower fasting glucose (FG) and insulin levels in nutrition trials and lower CVD mortality in large-scale epidemiological studies. In India, legumes are widely consumed in various preparations, yet no epidemiological study has evaluated the association of legumes with FG levels, insulin resistance and diabetes risk. The present study aimed to fill this gap. Design: Fasting blood samples, in-person interviews to obtain information on demographic/socio-economic factors, physical activity, alcohol and tobacco use, and anthropometric measurements were collected. Dietary intakes were assessed by an interviewer-administered, validated, semi-quantitative FFQ. Setting: Lucknow, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bangalore, India. Subjects: Men and women (n 6367) aged 15-76 years - urban residents, urban migrants and their rural siblings. Results: In multivariate random-effects models adjusted for age, BMI, total energy intake, macronutrients, physical activity and rural/migration status, daily legume consumption was not associated with FG (P-for-trend = 0.78), insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment score; P-for-trend = 0.73) or the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (P-for-trend = 0.41). Stratified analyses by vegetarian diet and migration status did not change the findings. Inverse associations between legumes and FG emerged for participants with lower BMI and higher carbohydrate, protein, fat and sugar intakes. Conclusions: Although legumes are essential in traditional Indian diets, as well as in prudent and Mediterranean diets in the West, we did not find an association between legumes and markers of glycaemic control, insulin resistance or diabetes, except for subgroups based on BMI and macronutrient intake. The ubiquitous presence and complexity of legume preparations in Indian diets may contribute to these findings.
Dietary <i>cis</i>-monounsaturated fatty acids and metabolic control in type 2 diabetes; Whether low-fat, high-carbohydrate (CHO) diets or moderately high-fat, high-monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) diets are preferable for the treatment and prevention of diabetes has been a matter of debate. High-fat diets based on MUFA-rich oils or whole foods have been compared with high-CHO diets for effects on several cardiovascular risk outcomes in diabetic subjects. Early studies using metabolic diets with wide differences in total fat content (15-25% of energy) generally found a beneficial effect of MUFA diets on glycemic control and serum lipids. Recent studies using prescribed diets with a difference of less than or equal to 15% of energy in total fat between low-fat and high-MUFA diets show similar effects on glycemic profiles but still favor MUFA diets for effects on triacylglycerols and HDL cholesterol. It is unclear whether postprandial fat clearance is impaired by CHO diets and improved by MUFA diets, independent of effects on fasting triacylglycerol concentrations. Unless one diet contains abundant antioxidants, the 2 dietary approaches appear to have similar effects on LDL oxidation. Low-fat diets, however, are associated with atherogenic, dense LDL particles, while normal, buoyant LDL predominate with high-fat diets irrespective of fatty acid composition. Limited experimental evidence suggests that MUFA diets favorably influence blood pressure, coagulation, endothelial activation, inflammation, and thermogenic capacity. Energy-controlled high-MUFA diets do not promote weight gain and are more acceptable than low-fat diets for weight loss in obese subjects. Thus, there is good scientific support for MUFA diets as an alternative to low-fat diets for medical nutrition therapy in diabetes.
High DHA dosage from algae oil improves postprandial hypertriglyceridemia and is safe for type-2 diabetics; Postprandial refers to diet induced changes in plasma concentrations of sugars, amino acids and fats between 0 and 6 h following a meal. This review details the fat transport through lipoprotein particles and triglyceride fractions in the postprandial plasma. The long-chain omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is more active in postprandial plasma and is more abundantly incorporated into the surface phospholipid fraction of lipoproteins. A survey of controlled clinical trials in the literature demonstrates that 1,000 mg to 2,000 mg DHA daily is effective to treat hypertriglyceridemia (HTG), mixed dyslipidemia and most effectively controls elevated postprandial triglycerides (TG). TG is a marker for total fat in circulation. Omega-3 fatty acids lower fasting and postprandial TG, an activity first discovered in 1971 in Greenlandic Inuits. Low TG and high DHA were coincident with the absence of type 2 diabetes. It is now known that DHA is the major structural and functional omega-3 component of lipoproteins in human plasma. DHA is the omega-3 to most substantially increase by mass in the phospholipid fraction of very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL), low density lipoproteins (LDL) and high density lipoproteins (HDL). DHA is most effective at raising HDL levels and improves the omega-3 index in red blood cells (RBC). DHA intake also correlates with greater than 25 % reductions of fasting TG and greater than 40 % reductions in postprandial TG. Postprandial HTG is common in the type 2 diabetes; therefore, we considered the safety of DHA from Schizochytrium sp. algae oil and the evidence for risk reduction of coronary vascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes. Recent clinical trials suggest high DHA intake from Chromista algae controls plasma TG, but does not appear to control glucocentric markers or cholesterol levels. DHA directly affects postprandial TG transport, but has little effect on insulin function and insulin resistance. Applications for use in South Asian diabetics are considered. 1,200 mg algae DHA daily over 3 months is an optimized program for direct control of postprandial HTG and is safe for type 2 diabetics.
Protective potential of <i>Opuntia microdasys</i> flower decoction on fructose-alloxan-induced diabetic rats on kidney and pancreas: chemical and immunohistochemical analyses; Diabetes is a serious condition that is linked to the development of oxidative stress causing among many other effects, kidney failure and pancreatic disorders. However, traditional plant-based remedies can be considered an alternative to diabetes healing. In this context, this study was oriented towards evaluating the protective effect of the flowers of Opuntia microdasys Lehm. collected in Tunisia at a biochemical and histological level on kidneys and pancreas of a type 2 diabetic rats. Renal and pancreatic toxicities were induced in diabetic male Wistar rats by fructose alloxan. Diabetic rats were treated with an extract obtained from flowers collected at post-flowering stage (OFP) (100 and 200mgkg(-1) bw) and metformin (100mgkg(-1) bw) for 28days. Oral administration of OFP at 200mgkg(-1) bw showed significant reduction of the uric acid, urea, creatinine, amylase, lipase, and glycated hemoglobin (HbAl(c)). The levels of SOD, CAT, and GP(x) were increased, while protein carbonyls and lipid peroxidation TBARS levels were reduced in the kidney and pancreas. The altered kidney and pancreas histology were restored in rats treated with OFP. Thus, the present study demonstrated that OFP has antihyperglycemic activity in fructose-alloxan-induced diabetic rats.
Association of soy and fiber consumption with the risk of endometrial cancer; The authors conducted a case-control study among the multi-ethnic population of Hawaii to examine the role of dietary soy, fiber, and related foods and nutrients on the risk of endometrial cancer. Endometrial cancer cases (n = 332) diagnosed between 1985 and 1993 were identified from the five main ethnic groups in the state (Japanese, Caucasian, Native Hawaiian, Filipino, and Chinese) through the rapid-reporting system of the Hawaii Tumor Registry. Population controls (n = 511) were selected randomly from lists of female Oahu residents and matched to cases on age (+/-2.5 years) and ethnicity. All subjects were interviewed using a diet history questionnaire that included over 250 food items. Non-dietary risk factors for endometrial cancer included nulliparity, never using oral contraceptives, fertility drug use, use of unopposed estrogens, a history of diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and a high Quetelet's index (kg/m(2)). Energy intake from fat, but not from other sources, was positively associated with the risk of endometrial cancer. The authors also found a positive, monotonic relation of fat intake with the odds ratios for endometrial cancer after adjustment for energy intake. The consumption of fiber, but not starch, was inversely related to risk after adjustment for energy intake and other confounders. Similar inverse gradients in the odds ratios were obtained for crude fiber, non-starch polysaccharide, and dietary fiber. Sources of fiber, including cereal and vegetable and fruit fiber, were associated with a 29-46% reduction in risk for women in the highest quartiles of consumption. Vitamin A and possibly vitamin C, but not vitamin E, were also inversely associated with endometrial cancer, although trends were not strong. High consumption of soy products and other legumes was associated with a decreased risk of endometrial cancer (p for trend = 0.01; odds ratio 0.46, 95% confidence interval 0.26-0.83) for the highest compared with the lowest quartile of soy intake. Similar reductions in risk were found for increased consumption of other sources of phytoestrogens such as whole grains, vegetables, fruits, and seaweeds. Ethnic-specific analyses were generally consistent with these results. The observed dietary associations appeared to be largely independent of other risk factors, although the effects of soy and legumes on risk were limited to women who were never pregnant or who had never used unopposed estrogens. These data suggest that plant-based diets low in calories from fat, high in fiber, and rich in legumes (especially soybeans), whole grain foods, vegetables, and fruits reduce the risk of endometrial cancer. These dietary associations may explain in part the reduced rates of uterine cancer in Asian countries compared with those in the United States.
Dietary flaxseed meal reduces proteinuria and ameliorates nephropathy in an animal model of type II diabetes mellitus; Background. Evidence is emerging that varying the type or source of dietary protein intake can have beneficial effects on chronic renal disease. Consumption of soybean and soy-based food products, as the source of plant protein, can retard the development and progression of chronic renal disease. We studied the obese spontaneously hypertensive/NIH-corpulent (SHR/Ncp) rat, a model of obesity and type II diabetes mellitus that consistently develops nephropathy resembling diabetic nephropathy. We specifically sought to determine whether changing the source of protein intake from animal protein, casein, to plant protein in the form of either soy protein concentrate or flaxseed protein in the diet has a different impact on renal function and nephropathy in this model. Methods. Male obese SHR/N-cp rats were randomly assigned to one of three diets containing either 20% casein, 20% soy protein concentrate, or 20% flaxseed meal. Except for the protein source, all three diets were identical and contained similar amounts of protein, fat, carbohydrates, minerals, and vitamins. All animals were maintained on these diets for 6 months. At the end of the study, blood sampling and 24-hour urine collections were performed for renal functional measurements, and the kidneys were harvested and examined for histologic evaluation. Results. All three groups had similar amounts of food intake and body weight gain and exhibited fasting hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. Plasma glucose levels did not differ among the three groups, but plasma insulin concentration was significantly lower in rats fed flaxseed meal than those fed either casein or soy protein concentrate. Mean plasma creatinine, creatinine clearance, and urinary urea excretion also did not differ significantly between the three groups. By contrast, urinary protein excretion was significantly lower (P<0.01) in rats fed flaxseed than in rats fed either casein or soy protein concentrate. Morphologic analysis of renal structural lesions showed that the percentage of abnormal glomeruli with mesangial expansion and the tubulointerstitial score (an index of severity of tubulointerstitial damage) were significantly reduced in rats fed flaxmeal compared to those fed casein or soy protein concentrate. Conclusion. We conclude that dietary protein substitution with flaxseed meal reduces proteinuria and glomerular and tubulointerstitial lesions in obese SHR/N-cp rats and that flaxseed meal is more effective than soy protein in reducing proteinuria and renal histologic abnormalities in this model. The reduction in proteinuria and renal injury was independent of the amount of protein intake and glycemic control. Which dietary component(s) present in flaxseed meal is (are) responsible for the renal protective effect remains to be determined.
Position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada: Vegetarian diets; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred, and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians, including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits, including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fiber, magnesium, potassium, folate, and antioxidants such as vitamins C and E and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than nonvegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease; vegetarians also show lower blood cholesterol levels; lower blood pressure; and lower rates, of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. Although a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes.
Possible molecular mechanisms of glucose-lowering activities of <i>Momordica charantia</i> (karela) in diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is a highly prevalent metabolic disorder which is characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, with a relative or absolute insulin deficiency and profound changes in the metabolism of macronutrients. Traditional and complementary medicine is therapeutic strategies that have both been applied to improving glycemic control. Momordica charantia is one of the plant-based, folk medicines that used for improving glycemic control. We aimed to review, the effects of M. charantia on blood glucose with a clarification of the molecular pathways involved. Of the compounds derived from the plants, the insulin-like peptide, charantin, and the alkaloid vicine, have been reported to have hypoglycemic effects. Different mechanisms contribute to the antidiabetic activities of M. charantia, these include increasing pancreatic insulin secretion, decreasing insulin resistance and increasing peripheral and skeletal muscle cell glucose utilization, inhibition of intestinal glucose absorption and suppressing of key enzymes in the gluconeogenic pathways.
Insulin-like plant proteins as potential innovative drugs to treat diabetes-The <i>Moringa oleifera</i> case study; Various plant species have long been used in traditional medicine worldwide to treat diabetes. Among the plant-based compounds with hypoglycemic properties, studies on insulin-like proteins isolated from leaves, fruits and seeds are rarely reported in the relevant literature. Our research group has been investigating the presence of insulin-like proteins in Moringa oleifera, a plant species native to India, and we have obtained a leaf protein isolate and semi-purified derived fractions, as well as a seed coat protein fraction (Mo-SC), with hypoglycemic activity in chemically induced diabetic mice that have increased tolerance to orally administered glucose. Equally importantly, Mo-SC possesses insulin-like antigenic epitopes. In this context, the present review aims to highlight that prospection of insulin-like proteins in plants is of the utmost importance both for finding new drugs for the treatment of diabetes and for shedding light on the mechanisms involved in diabetes. (C) 2016 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved.
Sweet Snacks Are Positively and Fruits and Vegetables Are Negatively Associated with Visceral or Liver Fat Content in Middle-Aged Men and Women; Background: Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and hepatic triglyceride content (HTGC) are major risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases. Objective: We aimed to investigate the association of dietary intake of the main food groups with VAT and HTGC in middle-aged men and women. Methods: We used data from the Netherlands Epidemiology of Obesity study, a population-based study including 6671 participants aged 45-65 y at baseline. In this cross-sectional analysis, VAT and HTGC were assessed by magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy, respectively, as the primary outcomes. Habitual intake of main food groups (dairy, meat, fish, fruits and vegetables, sweet snacks, and fats and oils) was estimated through the use of a food-frequency questionnaire. We examined associations of intake of different food groups with VAT and HTGC by linear regression analysis stratified by sex and adjusted for age, smoking, education, ethnicity, physical activity, basal metabolic rate, energy-restricted diet, menopausal state, and total energy intake. Results: In women, a 100-g/d higher intake of dairy was associated with 2.0 cm(2) less VAT (95% CI: -3.4, -0.7 cm(2)) and a 0.95-fold lower HTGC (95% CI: 0.90-, 0.99-fold). Moreover, a 100-g/d higher intake of fruit and vegetables was associated with 1.6 cm(2) less VAT (95% CI: -2.9, -0.2 cm(2)) in women. Fruit and vegetables were negatively associated (0.95; 95% CI: 0.91, 1.00) with HTGC, and sweet snacks were positively associated (1.29; 95% CI: 1.03, 1.63). Patterns were weaker but similar in men. Fish intake was not associated with VAT or HTGC and plant-based fat and oil intake were only associated with VAT after adjustment for total body fat. Conclusions: Despite some variation in the strength of the associations between men and women, dietary intake of sweet snacks was positively associated with HTGC, and fruit and vegetable intake were negatively associated with visceral and liver fat content. Prospective studies are needed to confirm these results. The Netherlands Epidemiology of Obesity study is registered at clinicaltrials.gov with identifier NCT03410316.
Fatty acid composition in serum cholesterol esters and phospholipids is linked to visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue content in elderly individuals: a cross-sectional study; Background: Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and truncal fat predict cardiometabolic disease. Intervention trials suggest that saturated fatty acids (SFA), e. g. palmitic acid, promote abdominal and liver fat storage whereas polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), e. g. linoleic acid, prevent fat accumulation. Such findings require investigation in population-based studies of older individuals. We aimed to investigate the relationships of serum biomarkers of PUFA intake as well as serum levels of palmitic acid, with abdominal and total adipose tissue content. Methods: In a population-based sample of 287 elderly subjects in the PIVUS cohort, we assessed fatty acid composition in serum cholesterol esters (CE) and phospholipids (PL) by gas chromatography and the amount of VAT and abdominal subcutaneous (SAT) adipose tissue by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), liver fat by MR spectroscopy (MRS), and total body fat, trunk fat and leg fat by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA). Insulin resistance was estimated by HOMA-IR. Results: VAT and trunk fat showed the strongest correlation with insulin resistance (r = 0.49, P < 0.001). Linoleic acid in both CE and PL was inversely related to all body fat depots (r = -0.24 to -0.33, P < 0.001) including liver fat measured in a sub-group (r = -0.26, P < 0.05, n = 73), whereas n-3 PUFA showed weak inverse (18: 3n-3) or positive (20: 5n-3) associations. Palmitic acid in CE, but not in PL, was directly correlated with VAT (r = 0.19, P < 0.001) and trunk fat (r = 0.18, P = 0.003). Overall, the significant associations remained after adjusting for energy intake, height, alcohol, sex, smoking, education and physical activity. The inverse correlation between linoleic acid and VAT remained significant after further adjustment for total body fat. Conclusions: Serum linoleic acid is inversely related to body fat storage including VAT and trunk fat whereas palmitic acid was less consistently but directly associated, in line with recent feeding studies. Considering the close link between VAT and insulin resistance, a potential preventive role of plant-based PUFA in VAT accumulation warrants further study.
Vegetarian diets;: effect on health; Vegetarian diets are those diets mainly based on the consumption of vegetable product, but that also permit consumption of eggs and milk. The American Dietetic Association made a declaration on these vegetarian diets in which they stated that "a well-planned vegetarian diet is healthy, nutritionally adequate and provides health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases". Some studies have shown beneficial results in obesity, cancer, Parkinson disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and urinary stones, compared with the omnivorous. The possible theoretical benefits in some diseases has been seen in the medical practice (diabetes mellitus, obesity, cardiovascular risk). However more studies are needed in the case of Parkinson's disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
Non-linear Assessment of Heart Rate Variability in Ovo-lactovegetarians, Vegans and Omnivores during Oral Glucose Tolerance Test; Although the health benefits of vegetarian diets have been well documented, the exact mechanisms of health benefits of vegetarian diets on the cardiovascular system remain unclear. Autonomic nervous system (ANS) activity is influenced by food ingestion. Carbohydrate but not fat or protein ingestion affects the cardiac ANS by increasing the sympathetic activity. In this study we aimed to investigate the cardiac ANS activity in 7 ovo-lactovegetarians, 8 vegans and 5 omnivores by means of heart rate variability (HRV) non-linear (Poincare plot and fractal dimension - FD) analysis. Heart rate (HR) was recorded continuously at baseline and during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT-75 gr of glucose) (90 min) by using Polar S810 HR monitor. The series of consecutive R-R interval (tachogram) in function of beat numbers was extracted, linearly interpolated and resampled at 2 Hz for further processing. Non-linear parameters of HRV were calculated at baseline and during OGTT. This study demonstrated in all three groups, both at baseline and during the OGTT, a similar value of RR interval as well as a not significant difference of FD, which is considered as a possible indicator of complexity of inputs to HR controllers. On the contrary, the Poincare plot analysis revealed, both at baseline and during the OGTT, a difference in the SD1 and SD2 parameters values, comparing omnivores to vegetarians and vegans, with the highest values in omnivores. At baseline and during the OGTT (30 min) the SDI and SD2 parameters in normalized units (n.u.) as well as the SD1/SD2 ratio, as expression of vagosympathetic balance, were statistically different between omnivores and vegans. In conclusion, non-linear Poincare plot analysis suggested a different cardiac ANS function in vegans and ovo-lactovegetarians in comparison to omnivores at baseline as well as during the OGTT.
Chemo-biological evaluation of antidiabetic activity of <i>Mentha arvensis</i> L. and its role in inhibition of advanced glycation end products; Background: There has been enormous curiosity in the development of alternative plant based medicines to control diabetes, oxidative stress and related disorders. One of the therapeutic approaches is to reduce postprandial release of glucose in the blood. Two key enzymes that are involved in reducing postprandial glucose are alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase. Mentha arvensis L. has been traditionally used by several tribes as a medicinal plant to treat various disorders. Objective: The present study was undertaken to test M. arvenisis L. for inhibition of postprandial hyperglycemia. Material and method: We performed various in vitro and in vivo tests to evaluate efficacy of M. arvenisis L. for antidiabetic activity (postprandial hyperglycemia). Results: Methanolic extract of M. arvensis L. leaves showed DPPH free radical scavenging activity (more than 78% mu g/mu l) and high antiglycation potential (more than 90% inhibition of AGE formation). Methanolic extract also showed remarkable inhibitory effects on alpha-amylase (more than 50% mu g/mu l) and alpha-glucosidase (68% mu g/mu l) and significant inhibition of postprandial hyperglycemia in starch induced diabetic Wistar rats. Conclusion: The non-insulin dependent antidiabetic or inhibition of postprandial hyperglycemic activity of methanolic extract of M. arvensis L. leaves was shown by using in vitro and in vivo approaches in the present study. (C) 2018 Transdisciplinary University, Bangalore and World Ayurveda Foundation. Publishing Services by Elsevier B.V.
Non-coding RNAs and Berberine: A new mechanism of its anti-diabetic activities; Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) is a metabolic disease with high mortality and morbidity. Non-coding RNAs, including small and long non-coding RNAs, are a novel class of functional RNA molecules that regulate multiple biological functions through diverse mechanisms. Studies in the last decade have demonstrated that non-coding RNAs may represent compelling therapeutic targets and play important roles in regulating the course of insulin resistance and T2D. Berberine, a plant-based alkaloid, has shown promise as an anti-hyperglycaemic, antihyperlipidaemic agent against T2D. Previous studies have primarily focused on a diverse array of efficacy end points of berberine in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndromes and inflammation or oxidative stress. Currently, an increasing number of studies have revealed the importance of non-coding RNAs as regulators of the anti diabetic effects of berberine. The regulation of non-coding RNAs has been associated with several therapeutic actions of berberine in T2D progression. Thus, this review summarizes the anti-diabetic mechanisms of berberine by focusing on its role in regulating non-coding RNA, thus demonstrating that berberine exerts global anti-diabetic effects by targeting non-coding RNAs and that these effects involve several miRNAs, lncRNAs and multiple signal" pathways, which may enhance the current understanding of the anti-diabetic mechanism actions of berberine and provide new pathological targets for the development of berberine-related drugs.
DIETARY RECOMMENDATIONS FOR CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH DIABETES - AN IMPLEMENTATION PAPER; General Recommendations 1. Children with diabetes mellitus have the same basic nutritional requirements as other children. 2. Dietary recommendations should be based on good eating habits for the whole family. Radical changes in diet involving unusual foods or eating patterns for the child with diabetes alone are not appropriate. 3. Energy requirements of child  ren vary widely and the energy content of the diet should be based on what the child usually eats. The diet should be reviewed regularly to meet the changing needs of growth and physical exercise without obesity. 4. The insulin regimen should, as far as is possible, be chosen to fit the child's daily lifestyle and preferred eating habits. Insulin type, dose, and frequency should be reviewed with the diet as the child develops- 5. Regular distribution of meals and snacks throughout the day remains the most important way to avoid extremes of hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia. This distribution should. be based on an exchange system, using handy measures and taking into account food and meal type, the particular insulin regimen and the child's exercise patterns and usual eating habits. Currently this exchange system is based on carbohydrate foods but in the future the energy and fat contents will need further consideration. 6. Most special 'diabetic foods' are unnecessary. Low calorie sweeteners, as used in low calorie fruit squashes and fizzy drinks, are useful. 7. Children with diabetes from specific ethnic minority groups, or on vegan diets or living in deprived circumstances require special dietary attention for their diabetes. Those with coexisting chronic disorders such as cystic fibrosis or coeliac disease, should receive dietary advice from professionals with specialist knowledge. 8. Translating the principles of diabetic dietary management into a varied diet, arranged readily by the parents and eaten by the child, is demanding. It can best be met by a skilled dietitian working in close co-operation with child, parents, diabetes specialist nurse and doctor. Infancy 9. The diet should not differ from that of infants without diabetes. Breast feeding should be encouraged or a standard infant formula-feed used. Solids may be introduced from 3-6 months, but breast milk or a modified infant formula is encouraged as part of the increasingly mixed diet to at least the end of the first year. 10. Diabetes is rare in infancy so expert advice should be sought from dietitians experienced in paediatric diabetes. Under fives 11. After 2 years of age the diet should slowly be changed to one relatively low in fats, with unrefined carbohydrate foods, fitting family customs and meeting energy needs. 12. Fully skimmed cow's milk contains insufficient vitamins A and D, too little fat and therefore energy for the under-fives. However, semi-skimmed milk can safely be included in a nutritionally adequate diet from the age of 2 years. 13. Vitamin supplementation may be given to children aged from 1 month to 5 years according to needs and local practice for all children. There are no specific additional requirements for the under-fives with diabetes. School children 14. Reduction of fat intake, especially of saturated fats, is expected to reduce risk of coronary heart disease and stroke in later life. After 5 years of age fat intake should be reduced to around 35-40 % of total energy. 15. Replacing energy from fat by eating half or more of the daily food energy as carbohydrate, principally from unrefined, fibre-rich sources, may improve both short- and long-term health. Dietary carbohydrate for the child with diabetes should never be restricted below the usual family intake (usual range 45-50 % of calories). 16. School children should be encouraged to select their carbohydrate from sources that are rich in soluble fibre with physical structure intact (e.g. whole fruit, oats, porridge, peas, beans, and lentils). These have been shown to improve glycaemic control. 17. Consumption of rapidly absorbed carbohydrate in the form of simple sugar such as fruit juice and sweets or refined starch such as mashed potato in isolation, should be discouraged. However, when used in conjunction with other nutrients within a meal, simple sugars and refined starch improve palatability without worsening metabolic control. 18. The use of sugars to prevent or treat hypoglycaemia should be established on an individual basis. 19. The proportion of energy taken as protein should not be increased among children with diabetes compared with their normal peers. 20. Supplements of minerals and vitamins are not required where a good balance of foods is taken. 21. Regular exercise should be encouraged, and insulin dose reduced or extra dietary energy provided as indicated by individual blood glucose monitoring.
Relationship of carotid intima-media thickness and duration of vegetarian diet in Chinese male vegetarians; Objective: Many studies have shown that vegetarian diet has beneficial effects on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. However, the effect of vegetarian diet on carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), as well as the association between IMT and duration of vegetarian diet, are still unclear. The present study aims to investigate the influence of duration of vegetarian diet on cardiovascular risk factors, and more importantly on IMT among Chinese vegetarians. Methods: One hundred and seventy-one Chinese male vegetarians were screened for metabolic profile, cardiovascular risk and carotid IMT. They were compared with 129 age-matched omnivores recruited from a community-based health project. The effects of confounding factors were adjusted by stepwise logistic regression analysis. Results: Compared to the omnivores, the vegetarians had lower BMI, weight, systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure. Also, the levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL-Cholesterol, LDL-Cholesterol, ApoA1, ApoB, uric acid, albumin and g-glutamyltransferase were significantly reduced in vegetarians. Omnivores had significantly higher fasting blood glucose than that of vegetarians. However, there were no differences in fasting insulin, C-reactive protein and HOMA-IR between the two groups. IMT was thinner in the vegetarian group than in the omnivore group (0.59 +/- 0.16 vs. 0.63 +/- 0.10 cm, P < 0.05). The vegetarians were divided according to duration of vegetarian diet (< 6 years, 6 to <= 11 years, > 11 years), those in tertile 1 (< 6 years) and tertile 2 (6 to <= 11 years) had shown thinner IMT as compared to the omnivores, and tertile 3 had shown no reduction. Conclusion: A decrease in multiple cardiovascular risk factors such as BMI, blood pressure and lipid profile was associated with vegetarian diet. Moreover, taking a low-calorie, low-protein, or vegetarian diet might have great beneficial effects on IMT through improved lipid profile, and the beneficial effects appeared to be correlated with the duration of vegetarian diet.
THE POTENTIAL OF DIET TO ALTER DISEASE PROCESSES; Diet is a strong factor in the control of atherosclerosis relating to general vascular disease, coronary heart disease and stroke. The interrelated disorders in atherosclerosis of hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia and hypertension are strongly subject to dietary influence. The type of dietary protein, animal versus plant, appears to be as important as the type of lipid, animal versus plant, in atherosclerosis. Dietary protein type, with its differing amino acid ratios, appears to be a major secretagogue of insulin. Diabetes mellitus, or Type II, diabetes is a related disease where diet is a possible causal or at least a strong contributing factor. Diet is the beginning and continuing basis for the control of Type II diabetes. Interestingly, diabetics have a high incidence of atherosclerosis. Renal failure has a long history of treatment with protein-restricted Dietary plant protein is a possible therapy mechanism for the diets. treatment of chronic and acute renal failure. Patients with rheumatic arthritis appear to be helped by specialized dietary approaches. A few examples of the use of vegetarian diets look very promising. Individual arthritic sensitivities or reactivities to certain foods appear to warrant more study. Osteoporosis is a disease or metabolic disturbance, particularly in postmenopausal women, that shows a need for very high dietary calcium intake. High calcium requirements appear to be related to the very high protein intake of the modern Western diet. A decreased protein intake, as can be obtained on a total vegetarian (vegan) diet, can allow for calcium balance, in a variety of age groups, from one-third to one-fifth the amount of daily calcium required on the Western diet. Cancer of the breast, colon and prostate appears to have a strong dietary relationship. The incidence of cancer is significantly greater on the modern Western diet than on a vegetarian or vegan diet. The greater antioxidant vitamin content, higher fiber level, higher complex carbohydrate, more unsaturated and less saturated fat, along with a variety of anticancer like compounds in vegetables, grains, legumes, nuts, and fruits are all dietary factors that appear to reduce the risk of cancer.
Polyphenols from Brazilian native Myrtaceae fruits and their potential health benefits against obesity and its associated complications; Obesity has reached epidemic proportions in the last decades and has been associated to the risk of cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes and some cancer types. Evidences suggest that bioactive compounds present in plant-based foods, including polyphenols, may exert beneficial effects against obesity and its associated complications. The Brazilian flora is characterized by a wide diversity, where native edible fruits produced by the species of the Myrtaceae family have an ecological importance. Here, we describe the potential health benefits against obesity and its associated complications from polyphenols present in four Brazilian native Myrtaceae species, in order to highlight their potential as adjuvants in the treatment and/or the risk reduction of chronic non-communicable diseases.
Angiotensin-I-Converting Enzyme (ACE)-Inhibitory Peptides from Plants; Hypertension is an important factor in cardiovascular diseases. Angiotensin-I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors like synthetic drugs are widely used to control hypertension. ACE-inhibitory peptides from food origins could be a good alternative to synthetic drugs. A number of plant-based peptides have been investigated for their potential ACE inhibitor activities by using in vitro and in vivo assays. These plant-based peptides can be obtained by solvent extraction, enzymatic hydrolysis with or without novel food processing methods, and fermentation. ACE-inhibitory activities of peptides can be affected by their structural characteristics such as chain length, composition and sequence. ACE-inhibitory peptides should have gastrointestinal stability and reach the cardiovascular system to show their bioactivity. This paper reviews the current literature on plant-derived ACE-inhibitory peptides including their sources, production and structure, as well as their activity by in vitro and in vivo studies and their bioavailability.
Lacto-Vegetarian Diet and Correlation of Fasting Blood Sugar with Lipids in Population Practicing Sedentary Lifestyle; Rising burden of diabetes in India requires quick intervention that integrates policies and programs for effective prevention and control of disease. This retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted to observe effect of diet in two Indian communities practicing sedentary lifestyle. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for blood sugar, glycated-hemoglobin (HbA1C), and lipid profile. Body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) measurements were recorded. Diabetes incidence was lower in lacto-vegetarian (1.7%) than in non-vegetarian group (5.3%) despite similar lipid profiles and BMI/WC between the groups. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was positively correlated with LDL and VLDL levels and negatively correlated with HDL, only in lacto-vegetarian group. Study suggests: (1) Indian lacto-vegetarian diet has beneficial effects on diabetes incidence irrespective of high body weight and sedentary lifestyle; (2) intervention to reduce body lipids, such as lipid-lowering drugs and exercise, may have greater effect in reducing FBS levels in this lacto-vegetarian group.
Association of B12 deficiency and clinical neuropathy with metformin use in type 2 diabetes patients; Context: Long-term metformin use has been hypothesized to cause B12 deficiency and neuropathy in Type 2 diabetes patients. However, there is a paucity of Indian data regarding the same. Aim: To compare the prevalence of B12 deficiency and peripheral neuropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with or without metformin. Materials and Methods: We recruited patients with Type 2 diabetes and divided them into metformin exposed and nonmetformin exposed groups. We measured baseline demographic variables like age, sex, vegetarian status, and HbA1c levels in both groups. We compared vitamin B12 levels and severity of peripheral neuropathy (using Toronto Clinical Scoring System (TCSS)) in both groups. Definite B12 deficiency was defined as B12 < 150 pg/ml and possible B12 deficiency as < 220 pg/ml. The difference in vitamin B12 levels and TCSS was calculated in both groups using independent samples t-test. Spearman's rank correlation between cumulative metformin use and B12 level was calculated. Odds ratio of vitamin B12 deficiency in metformin exposed group was also estimated. Results: Mean serum B12 levels was significantly lower in metformin exposed group (n=84) compared with nonmetformin exposed group (n=52) (410 +/- 230.7 versus 549.2 +/- 244.7, P=0.0011). Mean neuropathy score was significantly higher in metformin exposed group. (5.72 +/- 2.04 versus 4.62 +/- 2.12, P=0.0064). Odds ratio for possible B12 deficiency was 4.45 (95% CI 1.24-15.97). There was significant negative correlation between cumulative metformin dose and vitamin B12 level (r=-0.68, P<0.0001). Conclusion: Metformin use is associated with vitamin B12 deficiency and clinical neuropathy in Type 2 diabetes patients.
Management of the Metabolic Syndrome and Type 2 Diabetes Through Lifestyle Modification; Sustainable lifestyle modifications in diet and physical activity are the initial, and often the primary, component in the management of diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. An energy-prudent diet, coupled with moderate levels of physical activity, favorably affects several parameters of the metabolic syndrome and delays the onset of diabetic complications. Weight loss, albeit not an absolute prerequisite for improvement, is a major determinant and maximizes effectiveness. Adopting a healthy lifestyle pattern requires a series of long-term behavioral changes, but evidence to date indicates low long-term adherence to diet and physical activity recommendations. This calls for greater research and public health efforts focusing on strategies to facilitate behavior modification.
Unscrambling the relations of egg and meat consumption with type 2 diabetes risk; Background: Meat intake is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). It is not clear if egg intake is associated with T2D risk because purported associations may be due to concurrent consumption of eggs with meat. Objective: Our aim was to differentiate any associations between meat and egg consumption and the risk of T2D. Design: In this longitudinal study, 55,851 participants of the Adventist Health Study 2 who were free of diabetes provided demographic, anthropometric, and dietary data at baseline. Meat and egg intakes were assessed with a validated quantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Responses to 2 follow-up questionnaires determined incident T2D cases. Multivariate-adjusted logistic regression was used to determine relations betweenmeat and egg intake and incident T2D. Results: T2D cases identified during a mean 5.3 y of follow-up totaled 2772. Meat intake of > 0 to <25 g/d, >= 25 to <70 g/d, and >= 70 g/d significantly increased the risk of T2D compared with no meat intake (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.16, 1.44; OR: 1.42; 95% CI: 1.25, 1.61; and OR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.39, 1.96, respectively; P-trend < 0.0001). Egg intake compared with no egg intake was not associated with T2D risk. A significantmeat-egg interaction (P = 0.019) showed that within every category of egg intake, there was an incremental rise in T2D risk as meat intake increased. However, within categories of meat intake, increasing egg intake did not increase the risk of T2D except among nonmeat-eaters consuming >= 5 eggs/wk (OR: 1.52; 95% CI: 1.09, 2.12). Conclusions: Meat consumption, but not egg consumption, is independently associated with T2D risk. Egg intake seems not to increase T2D risk further with meat intake. Our findings suggest that the purported egg-T2D risk relation in US populations may be biased due to failure to investigate egg-meat interactions. Further investigations are needed to ascertain T2D risk among nonmeateaters with high egg intakes.
Food and Dietary Pattern-Based Recommendations: An Emerging Approach to Clinical Practice Guidelines for Nutrition Therapy in Diabetes; Clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) for the nutritional management of diabetes mellitus have evolved considerably over the last 25 years. As major diabetes associations have focussed on the individualization of nutrition therapy, there has been a move toward a broader more flexible macronutrient distribution that emphasizes macronutrient quality over quantity. There is now a call for the integration of food-and dietary pattern-based approaches into diabetes association CPGs. The main argument has been that an approach that focuses on nutrients alone misses important nutrient interactions oversimplifying the complexity of foods and dietary patterns, both of which have been shown to have a stronger influence on disease risk than nutrients alone. Although cancer and heart associations have begun to integrate this approach into their dietary guidelines, diabetes associations have not yet adopted this approach. We provide a rationale for the adoption of this approach for The Canadian Diabetes Association (CDA) 2013 CPGs for nutrition therapy. The systematic review for the development of these guidelines revealed emerging evidence to support the use of vegetarian, Mediterranean, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary patterns as well as specific foods such as dietary pulses and nuts in people with diabetes. Popular and conventional weight loss diets were also found to have similar advantages in people with diabetes, although poor dietary adherence remains an issue with these diets. The CDA 2013 CPGs will support an even greater individualization of nutrition therapy for people with diabetes and appeal to a broader range of practice styles of health professionals. (C) 2013 Canadian Diabetes Association
Differential Acute Postprandial Effects of Processed Meat and Isocaloric Vegan Meals on the Gastrointestinal Hormone Response in Subjects Suffering from Type 2 Diabetes and Healthy Controls: A Randomized Crossover Study; Background: The intake of meat, particularly processed meat, is a dietary risk factor for diabetes. Meat intake impairs insulin sensitivity and leads to increased oxidative stress. However, its effect on postprandial gastrointestinal hormone (GIH) secretion is unclear. We aimed to investigate the acute effects of two standardized isocaloric meals: a processed hamburger meat meal rich in protein and saturated fat (M-meal) and a vegan meal rich in carbohydrates (V-meal). We hypothesized that the meat meal would lead to abnormal postprandial increases in plasma lipids and oxidative stress markers and impaired GIH responses. Methods: In a randomized crossover study, 50 patients suffering from type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 50 healthy subjects underwent two 3-h meal tolerance tests. For statistical analyses, repeated-measures ANOVA was performed. Results: The M-meal resulted in a higher postprandial increase in lipids in both groups (p<0.001) and persistent postprandial hyperinsulinemia in patients with diabetes (p<0.001). The plasma glucose levels were significantly higher after the V-meal only at the peak level. The plasma concentrations of glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), peptide tyrosine-tyrosine (PYY) and pancreatic polypeptide (PP) were higher (p<0.05, p<0.001, p<0.001, respectively) and the ghrelin concentration was lower (p<0.001) after the M-meal in healthy subjects. In contrast, the concentrations of GIP, PYY and PP were significantly lower after the M-meal in T2D patients (p<0.001). Compared with the V-meal, the M-meal was associated with a larger increase in lipoperoxidation in T2D patients (p<0.05). Conclusion/Interpretation: Our results suggest that the diet composition and the energy content, rather than the carbohydrate count, should be important considerations for dietary management and demonstrate that processed meat consumption is accompanied by impaired GIH responses and increased oxidative stress marker levels in diabetic patients.
Integrative herbal treatments of diabetes in Beni Mellal region of Morocco; Objectives: Diabetes is one of the most life-threatening chronic metabolic disorders and is considered a global health problem due to its prevalence and incidence. In Morocco, several herbal preparations are utilized to treat this disease. For this reason, the current study aimed to identify and to collect data about the medicinal plants utilized in folk medicine for the treatment of diabetes in the Beni Mellal region of Morocco. Methods: An ethnobotanical survey was carried out among 400 herbalists, competent villagers and traditional healers from the Beni Mellal region through direct interviews using a semistructured questionnaire. Results: Forty-five medicinal plants belonging to 25 families were identified for their use in diabetes treatment. Interview results showed that the most frequently used plants were Olea europaea, Salvia officinalis, Allium sativum and Trigonella foenum-graecum, with a relative frequency of citation values of 24.3%, 23.0%, 22.5% and 20.5%, respectively. Moreover, in this study, the Fabaceae family was the most commonly reported plant family, and the leaves and roots were the most commonly used parts, for the treatment of diabetes. Conclusion: The Beni Mellal region of Morocco has an important floristic biodiversity of plants used to treat diabetes in traditional medicinal practice. This result provides a good database for pharmacological screenings in the search for plant-based antidiabetic medications. (C) 2019 Shanghai Changhai Hospital. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
EVALUATION OF PREVALENCE, KAP AND PRESCRIBING PATTERN OF DRUGS TO TYPE 2 DIABETIC PATIENTS AND ASSESSMENT OF RISK FACTORS AMONG THE NON-DIABETIC PATIENTS IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL IN SOUTHERN KERALA; A prospective, observational study was conducted among the 100 diabetic and 100 non-diabetic patients for a period of six months for the evaluation of prevalence, KAP Knowledge, Attitude and Practice) and prescribing pattern of drugs to type 2 diabetic patients and to assess the risk factors of prevalence of diabetes among the non-diabetic patients. All information relevant to the study was collected from case records and by direct interview method. The data collected was analyzed by using statistical package for the social sciences SPSS) version 17.0 software. The results showed that, majority of the patients were male, above 61 years age, literates, free from smoking and alcohol habits, had medium physical activity, family history of diabetes and had at least one co existing illness mainly hyper tension. Oral hypoglycaemics and anti-hypertensives were mainly prescribed. After counseling the KAP was improved significantly. Majority of the non-diabetic patients were male, 26 % had less than 35 years age, mainly non-vegetarian. The results showed that age and BMI with the risk had a significant association. From this study it was clear that public health programs involving educational interventions and behavioral changes are necessary for better control and management of this disease.
DOES A VEGETARIAN DIET REDUCE THE OCCURRENCE OF DIABETES; A vegetarian diet may reduce the risk of developing diabetes. A population of 25,698 adult white Seventh-day Adventists identified in 1960 were studied. During 21 yr of follow-up, the risk of diabetes as an underlying cause of death in Adventists was approximately 1/2 the risk for all USA whites. Within the male Adventist population, vegetarians had a substantially lower risk than non-vegetarians of diabetes as an underlying or contributing cause of death. Within both the male and female Adventist populations, the prevalence of self-reported diabetes also was lower in vegetarians than in non-vegetarians. The associations observed between diabetes and meat consumption were apparently not due to confounding by over- or under-weight, other selected dietary factors, or physical activity. All of the associations between meat consumption and diabetes were stronger in males than in females.
The comparison of the metabolic syndrome between Chinese vegetarians and omnivores; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is well recognized as a tool for identifying subjects with risk for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. And the benefits of vegetarian diet were also documented in many reports. In this study, we investigated the effects of vegetarian diet on the MetS in Chinese. Methods: We enrolled 71 vegetarians and 388 omnivores with matched age as controls. They were further classified as with or without MetS using the definitions of International Diabetes Federation. Results: The waist circumference (WC) was significantly lower in vegetarians. However, the systolic blood pressure (SBP) was higher, the HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), triglyceride (TG) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were lower in vegetarians, but without significance. Sixty-two vegetarians (87%) and 317 omnivores (81.7%) were without MetS. The x(2)-test showed no difference between them. According to the numbers of MetS components, we further divided the subjects into six groups (from 0 to 5 components). Although there was trend that less vegetarians were noted when the numbers of the MetS components increased, but there was no significant differences compared to omnivores. Conclusion: The FPG, WC, TG and DPB were lower in vegetarians, but only the difference of WC reached statistical significance. In the meanwhile, the SBP was higher and HDL-C was lower, non-significantly, in vegetarians. Due to the paradoxical changes, although there was tendency that vegetarians had less chance to have MetS, it was not significant. Further studies are needed to elusive the role of vegetarian diet in MetS. (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Diabetes India.
Relation of Vegetarian Dietary Patterns With Major Cardiovascular Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; Background: Vegetarian dietary patterns are recommended for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention and management due to their favorable effects on cardiometabolic risk factors, however, the role of vegetarian dietary patterns in CVD incidence and mortality remains unclear. Objective: To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis of the association of vegetarian dietary patterns with major cardiovascular outcomes in prospective cohort studies that included individuals with and without diabetes using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases were searched through September 6th, 2018. We included prospective cohort studies >= 1 year of follow-up including individuals with or without diabetes reporting the relation of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dietary patterns with at least one cardiovascular outcome. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed study quality (Newcastle-Ottawa Scale). The pre-specified outcomes included CVD incidence and mortality (total CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke). Risk ratios for associations were pooled using inverse variance random effects model and expressed as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q-statistic) and quantified (I-2-statistic). The overall certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: Seven prospective cohort studies (197,737 participants, 8,430 events) were included. A vegetarian dietary pattern was associated with reduced CHD mortality [RR, 0.78 (CI, 0.69, 0.88)] and incidence [0.72 (0.61, 0.85)] but were not associated with CVD mortality [0.92 (0.84, 1.02)] and stroke mortality [0.92 (0.77, 1.10)]. The overall certainty of the evidence was graded as "very low" for all outcomes, owing to downgrades for indirectness and imprecision. Conclusions: Very low-quality evidence indicates that vegetarian dietary patterns are associated with reductions in CHD mortality and incidence but not with CVD and stroke mortality in individuals with and without diabetes. More research, particularly in different populations, is needed to improve the certainty in our estimates.
Anti-hyperglycemic Properties of a Purified Proteinaceous Protease Inhibitor from <i>Macrotyloma uniflorum</i> Seeds; Introduction: Fabaceae are a rich source of protease inhibitors. Methods: A proteinaceous protease inhibitor of 25 KDa designated as Macrotyloma uniflorum protease inhibitor (MUPI) was isolated from seeds of Macrotyloma uniflorum and purified to homogeneity by ammonium sulphate precipitation, DEAE Sepharose column and CNBr activated Sepharose 4B Trypsin affinity chromatography. The purity was checked by reverse phase HPLC. Long-term type 2 diabetes can lead to various biological complications, such as hypertension and heart-related diseases. The glucose uptake studies were carried out with the purified MUPI and it reveals its potential to be explored as a potent anti-hyperglycemic agent. MUPI was rendered safer on HepG2 cells after MTT cytotoxicity assay. Results: The results of glucose uptake studies suggest MUPI to be equally efficient to that of the positive control drug Metformin against diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: The significance of plant-based inhibitors for modulating carbohydrate breakdown and control of glycemic index is explored to reduce the risk factors and side effects of the available drugs.
Chinese Lacto-Vegetarian Diet Exerts Favorable Effects on Metabolic Parameters, Intima-Media Thickness, and Cardiovascular Risks in Healthy Men; Background: To investigate whether the Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet has protective effects on metabolic and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: One hundred sixty-nine healthy Chinese lacto-vegetarians and 126 healthy omnivore men aged 21-76 years were enrolled. Anthropometric indexes, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, pancreatic beta cell function, and intima-media thickness (IMT) of carotid arteries were assessed and compared. Cardiovascular risk points and probability of developing CVD in 5-10 years in participants aged 24-55 years were calculated. Results: Compared with omnivores, lacto-vegetarians had remarkably lower body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and serum levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, gamma-glutamyl transferase, serum creatinine, uric acid, fasting blood glucose, as well as lower total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. Vegetarians also had higher homeostasis model assessment beta cell function and insulin secretion index and thinner carotid IMT than the omnivores did. These results corresponded with lower cardiovascular risk points and probability of developing CVD in 5-10 years in vegetarians 24-55 years old. Conclusions: In healthy Chinese men, the lacto-vegetarian diet seems to exert protective effects on blood pressure, lipid profiles, and metabolic parameters and results in significantly lower carotid IMT. Lower CVD risks found in vegetarians also reflect the beneficial effect of the Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet. (Nutr Clin Pract. 2012;27:392-398)
Anti-diabetic and anti-hypertensive potential of sprouted and solid-state bioprocessed soybean; Long-term type 2 diabetes can lead to numerous biological complications, such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Key enzymes involved in the enzymatic breakdown of complex carbohydrates, pancreatic alpha-amylase and intestinal alpha-glucosidase, have been targeted as potential avenues for modulation of type 2 diabetes-associated post-prandial hyperglycemia through mild inhibition of their enzymatic activities so as to decrease meal-derived glucose absorption. Further, inhibition of hypertension-linked angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) was targeted as a potential approach for modulation of diabetes-linked hypertension. Water-soluble extracts of soybean optimized for phenolic content via sprouting or bioprocessing by dietary fungus (Rhizopus oligosporus, Lentinus edodes) were investigated for inhibitory activity against porcine pancreatic alpha-amylase (PPA), yeast alpha-glucosidase, and rabbit lung ACE in vitro. PPA was allowed to react with each phenolic-optimized extract and the derivatized enzyme-phytochemical mixtures obtained were characterized for residual amylase activity. alpha-Glucosidase and ACE activities were determined in the presence of each phenolic-optimized extract. All of the soybean extracts possessed marked anti-amylase activity, with extracts of R. oligosporus-bioprocessed soybean having the strongest inhibitory activity, but only slight anti-glucosidase activity. The anti-amylase activity of each extract seemed associated with extract antioxidant activity. Anti-enzyme activity was slightly associated with total soluble phenolic content per se, but seemed more associated to the length of sprouting or bioprocessing of the soybean substrate. Short-term sprouting or bioprocessing seemed to improve anti-amylase activity, while long-term sprouting or bioprocessing seemed to aid anti-glucosidase activity. While ACE activity was strongly inhibited by all of the soybean extracts (44-97%), only sprouting was found to increase this inhibition and bioprocessing of soybean with L. edodes decreased inhibitory activity of soybean extract. The results suggest that sprouting and dietary fungal bioprocessing of soybean improve the anti-diabetic potential of soybean extracts, potentially through modulation of the phenolic profile of the extract, and further suggest that enzyme inhibitory activity may be linked to phenolic antioxidant mobilization during spouting and/or bioprocessing. The significance of food-grade, plant-based enzyme inhibitors for modulation of carbohydrate breakdown and control of glycemic index of foods in the context of preventing hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus complications such as hypertension in the long-term is hypothesized and discussed.
A Vegetarian Diet Is a Major Determinant of Gut Microbiota Composition in Early Pregnancy; The composition of the gut microbiota can be influenced by dietary composition. In pregnancy, the maternal gut microbiome has associations with maternal and infant metabolic status. There is little known regarding the impact of a vegetarian diet in pregnancy on maternal gut microbiota. This study explored the gut microbiota profile in women who were vegetarian or omnivorous in early gestation. Women were selected from participants in the Study of PRobiotics IN Gestational diabetes (SPRING) randomised controlled trial. Nine women identified as vegetarians were matched to omnivorous women in a 1:2 ratio. Microbiota analyses were performed using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing and analysed using the Quantitative Insights Into Microbial Ecology (QIIME) and Calypso software tools. There was no difference in alpha diversity, but beta diversity was slightly reduced in vegetarians. There were differences seen in the relative abundance of several genera in those on a vegetarian diet, specifically a reduction in Collinsella, Holdemania, and increases in the relative abundances of Roseburia and Lachnospiraceae. In this sub-analysis of gut microbiota from women in early pregnancy, a vegetarian as compared to omnivorous diet, was associated with a different gut microbiome, with features suggesting alterations in fermentation end products from a mixed acid fermentation towards more acetate/butyrate.
Comparative analysis of different biofactories for the production of a major diabetes autoantigen; The 65-kDa isoform of human glutamic acid decarboxylase (hGAD65) is a major diabetes autoantigen that can be used for the diagnosis and (more recently) the treatment of autoimmune diabetes. We previously reported that a catalytically-inactive version (hGAD65mut) accumulated to tenfold higher levels than its active counterpart in transgenic tobacco plants, providing a safe and less expensive source of the protein compared to mammalian production platforms. Here we show that hGAD65mut is also produced at higher levels than hGAD65 by transient expression in Nicotiana benthamiana (using either the pK7WG2 or MagnICON vectors), in insect cells using baculovirus vectors, and in bacterial cells using an inducible-expression system, although the latter system is unsuitable because hGAD65mut accumulates within inclusion bodies. The most productive of these platforms was the MagnICON system, which achieved yields of 78.8 mu g/g fresh leaf weight (FLW) but this was substantially less than the best-performing elite transgenic tobacco plants, which reached 114.3 mu g/g FLW after six generations of self-crossing. The transgenic system was found to be the most productive and cost-effective although the breeding process took 3 years to complete. The MagnICON system was less productive overall, but generated large amounts of protein in a few days. Both plant-based systems were therefore advantageous over the baculovirus-based production platform in our hands.
Associations between food and beverage groups and major diet-related chronic diseases: an exhaustive review of pooled/meta-analyses and systematic reviews; Associations between food and beverage groups and the risk of diet-related chronic disease (DRCD) have been the subject of intensive research in preventive nutrition. Pooled/meta-analyses and systematic reviews (PMASRs) aim to better characterize these associations. To date, however, there has been no attempt to synthesize all PMASRs that have assessed the relationship between food and beverage groups and DRCDs. The objectives of this review were to aggregate PMASRs to obtain an overview of the associations between food and beverage groups (n = 17) and DRCDs (n = 10) and to establish new directions for future research needs. The present review of 304 PMASRs published between 1950 and 2013 confirmed that plant food groups are more protective than animal food groups against DRCDs. Within plant food groups, grain products are more protective than fruits and vegetables. Among animal food groups, dairy/milk products have a neutral effect on the risk of DRCDs, while red/processed meats tend to increase the risk. Among beverages, tea was the most protective and soft drinks the least protective against DRCDs. For two of the DRCDs examined, sarcopenia and kidney disease, no PMASR was found. Overweight/obesity, type 2 diabetes, and various types of cardiovascular disease and cancer accounted for 289 of the PMASRs. There is a crucial need to further study the associations between food and beverage groups and mental health, skeletal health, digestive diseases, liver diseases, kidney diseases, obesity, and type 2 diabetes. (C) 2014 International Life Sciences Institute
Review - Medicinal plant species with potential antidiabetic properties; Diabetes mellitus is one of the world's major diseases. It currently affects an estimated 143 million people worldwide and the number is growing rapidly. In the USA alone, about 20.8 million or 7% of the population suffer from diabetes or related complications. The estimated direct and indirect costs of diabetes exceed US$132 billion annually. Plant-based medicinal products have been known since ancient times, and several medicinal plants and their products (active natural principles and crude extracts) have been used to control diabetes in the traditional medicinal systems of many cultures worldwide, including those of the Asian Indians, Chinese and South Americans. A limited number of these plant species have been studied and validated for their hypoglycaemic properties using diabetic animal models and in clinical studies using human subjects. Several oral hypoglycaemic agents are the primary forms of treatment for diabetes. However, prominent side-effects of such drugs are the main reason for an increasing number of people seeking alternative therapies that may have less severe or no side-effects. Thus plant-based herbal drugs or botanicals are emerging as the primary components of holistic approaches to diabetes management. In this review, selected species that have been validated for their hypoglycaemic or antihyperglycaemic properties using laboratory diabetic animal models and in clinical trials using human subjects, and reported in refereed journals are presented. (c) 2007 Society of Chemical Industry.
Veganism Is a Viable Alternative to Conventional Diet Therapy for Improving Blood Lipids and Glycemic Control; The American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) have each outlined a set of dietary recommendations aimed at improving glycemic control and blood lipids, respectively. However, traditional vegan diets (low-fat diets that proscribe animal product consumption) are also effective at improving glycemic control, and dietary portfolios (vegan diets that contain prescribed amounts of plant sterols, viscous fibers, soy protein, and nuts) are also effective at improving blood lipids. The purpose of this review was to compare the effects of traditional vegan diets and dietary portfolios with ADA and NCEP diets on body weight, blood lipids, blood pressure, and glycemic control. The main findings are that traditional vegan diets appear to improve glycemic control better than ADA diets in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while dietary portfolios have been consistently shown to improve blood lipids better than NCEP diets in hypercholesterolemic individuals.
Metabolic effects of resveratrol: addressing the controversies; Resveratrol, a polyphenol found in a number of plant-based foods such as red wine, has received a great deal of attention for its diverse array of healthful effects. Beneficial effects of resveratrol are diverse; they include improvement of mitochondrial function, protection against obesity and obesity-related diseases such as type-2 diabetes, suppression of inflammation and cancer cell growth and protection against cardiovascular dysfunction, just to name a few. Investigations into the metabolic effects of resveratrol are furthest along and now include a number of clinical trials, which have yielded mixed results. There are a number of controversies surrounding resveratrol that have not been resolved. Here, we will review these controversies with particular emphasis on its mechanism of metabolic action and how lessons from resveratrol may help develop therapies that harness the effects of resveratrol but without the undesirable properties of resveratrol.
Inhibitory effects of rosmarinic acid extracts on porcine pancreatic amylase <i>in vitro</i>; Porcine pancreatic alpha-amylase (PPA) was allowed to react with herbal extracts containing rosmarinic acid (RA) and purified RA. The derivatized enzyme-phytochemical mixtures obtained were characterized for residual amylase activity. These in vitro experiments showed that the amylase activity was inhibited in the presence of these phytochemicals. The extent of amylase inhibition correlated with increased concentration of RA. RA-containing oregano extracts yielded higher than expected amylase inhibition than similar amount of purified RA, suggesting that other phenolic compounds or phenolic synergies may contribute to additional amylase inhibitory activity. The significance of food-grade, plant-based amylase inhibitors for modulation of diabetes mellitus and other oxidation-linked diseases is hypothesized and discussed.
Inhibitory Effects of Solvent-Partitioned Fractions of Two Nigerian Herbs (<i>Spondias mombin</i> Linn. and <i>Mangifera indica</i> L.) on -Amylase and -Glucosidase; Therapies directed towards controlling hyperglycemia, the hallmark of type-2 diabetes mellitus, go a long way in managing diabetes and its related complications. Reducing glucose level through the inhibition of the relevant carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes is one among many routes in the management of diabetes. This study investigates the in vitro enzyme inhibitory and antioxidant properties of solvent-partitioned fractions of Spondias mombin and Mangifera indica leaves; which are used extensively in the treatment of diabetic patients locally. The leaves of S. mombin and M. indica were extracted with methanol and fractionated to obtain n-hexane (HF), ethyl acetate (EAF), n-butanol (BF), and aqueous (AF) fractions successively. The -amylase and -glucosidase inhibitory activities of fractions of S. mombin and M. indica leaves were investigated while the antioxidant activity of each fraction was analyzed using iron chelating and ABTS (2,2'-azino-bis(3-ethylbenzothiazoline)-6-sulphonic acid) radical scavenging assay. Our findings indicated that the ethyl acetate fraction of M. indica leaves contained a considerably higher (p < 0.05) amount of total phenolic, flavonoids, metal ion, and ABTS radical scavenging activity than the ethyl acetate fractions of S. mombin. Furthermore, the ethyl acetate fraction of M. indica had a considerably higher (p < 0.05) inhibitory effect on -glucosidase (IC50 = 25.11 +/- 0.01 g mL(-1)), and -amylase (IC50 = 24.04 +/- 0.12 g mL(-1)) activities than the S. mombin fraction. Hence, the inhibitory activities of S. mombin and M. indica leaves suggest that they are a potential source of orally active antidiabetic agents and could be employed to formulate new plant-based pharmaceutical and nutraceutical drugs to improve human health.
Deoxynivalenol Biomarkers in the Urine of UK Vegetarians; Deoxynivalenol (DON) is produced by Fusarium graminearum and is one of the most commonly occurring trichothecenes. Vegetarians are alleged to be a high-risk group for DON exposure due to high intakes of cereals susceptible to the growth of the mycotoxin. This study provides the levels of DON and de-epoxi Deoxynivalenol (DOM-1) in urine analysed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) in UK vegetarians. Over two consecutive days, morning urine samples were collected from 32 vegetarians and 31 UK adult volunteers, and associated food consumption 24 h prior to the sample was recorded. Statistically significant differences between the weight of the UK adults and vegetarians (t = 3.15. df = 61, p <= 0.005 two-tailed) were observed. The mean levels of DON in urine for adults on day 1 was 3.05 ng free DON/mg creatinine, and on day 2 was 2.98 ng free DON/mg creatinine. Even though high mean levels were observed, most adults were within the tolerable daily intake. However, for vegetarians, the mean level of urinary DON on day 1 was 6.69 ng free DON/mg creatinine, and on day 2 was 3.42 ng free DON/mg creatinine. These levels equate to up to 32% of vegetarians exceeding recommended tolerable daily intakes (TDI) of exposure (1 mu g/kg b.w./day).
Barberry in the treatment of obesity and metabolic syndrome: possible mechanisms of action; Obesity is a consequence of an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. It affects people of both genders and all age groups, ethnicity and socioeconomic groups, and in developed and developing countries. Obesity is often accompanied by the metabolic syndrome (MetS). MetS is characterized by a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors, including high blood pressure, adiposity, dyslipidemia and glucose intolerance, which together increase the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus and other causes of mortality. Nowadays, there is a growing interest in the use of plant-based agents instead of synthetic drugs to manage chronic diseases such as MetS; one such example is Berberis vulgaris. B. vulgaris contains isoquinonline alkaloids such as berberine, berberrubine and berbamine. Recent studies have proved that berberine exhibits pharmacological activities and positive effects on the risk factors of obesity and MetS. We have reviewed original articles related to the possible molecular mechanisms of action of berberine on obesity and MetS. Berberine suppresses adipocyte differentiation and decreases obesity. It also regulates glucose metabolism via decreasing insulin resistance and increasing insulin secretion. Other effects of berberine include antihyperlipidemic and antihypertensive activities and endothelial protection.
Effect of a vegetarian diet on the treatment efficacy of peginterferon plus ribavirin in chronic hepatitis C patients: A retrospective cohort study; The aim of the study was to compare the treatment efficacy of peginterferon plus ribavirin on vegetarian vs omnivorous (nonvegetarian) patients with chronic hepatitis C infection. Two hundred and fifty-four hepatitis C virus (HCV) viremic patients with elevated alanine aminotransferase (ALT) levels, who received peginterferon plus ribavirin therapy were included in this study. Sixty-one patients (24.0%) were vegetarians and 193 patients (76.0%) were omnivores. We analyzed the sustained virological response (SVR) and compared the data between the two treatment groups using a logistic-regression model. Other possible confounding factors such as age, gender, body mass index, HCV genotype, pretreatment ALT levels and HCV viral count, type of peginterferon used, and status of cirrhosis, coronary heart disease, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus were also included in the analysis. SVR was demonstrated in 77% of the vegetarian cohort (47 out of 61 patients) and 76.2% of the omnivorous cohort (147 out of 193 patients). In the multivariate logistic-regression analysis, we found that a vegetarian diet was not associated with an increased protection against an SVR (odds ratio [OR] 1.35; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.61-2.99). HCV genotype 1b (OR 0.51; 95% CI 0.27-0.98), ALT level (OR 1.01; 95% CI 1.00-1.01), cirrhotic (OR 0.20; 95% CI 0.08-0.49), and diabetic (OR 0.22; 95% CI 0.08-0.64) at pretreatment baseline were significantly associated with a clinical SVR. A vegetarian diet exerts no influence on the treatment efficacy of peginterferon plus ribavirin cotherapy among patients with chronic hepatitis C infection.
Effects of Western, Vegetarian, and Japanese dietary fat model diets with or without green tea extract on the plasma lipids and glucose, and liver lipids in mice - A long-term feeding experiment; Background/Aims: The purpose of this study was to investigate the long-term effects of three model diets containing different fats, with or without a small amount of green tea extract (GTE), on plasma lipids and glucose, and liver lipids in mice. Methods: Male mice ( 2 months old) fed 10% fat diets with Western W), Vegetarian V), and Japanese J) fat compositions with or without 0.03% GTE for 7 months. Results: The concentrations of plasma and liver total cholesterol in animals fed the W diet were not significantly different from those fed the J diet. Plasma triacylglycerol TG) concentrations were significantly different from one another in the following order: V > J > W diet groups. GTE supplementation significantly reduced plasma and liver TG content only in V diet group. Plasma glucose Glu) concentrations were in the following order: W > V > J diet groups, and the GTE supplementation reduced the concentration of Glu in each diet group. The ratios of plasma n-6 to n-3 fatty acids were in the following order: V 1 W 1 J diet groups, regardless of GTE supplementation. Conclusion: These findings show the possibility that Japanese eating habits combined with drinking green tea might be a factor in preventing the onset of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Copyright C) 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Higher insulin sensitivity in vegans is not associated with higher mitochondrial density; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Vegans have a lower incidence of insulin resistance (IR)-associated diseases and a higher insulin sensitivity (IS) compared with omnivores. The aim of this study was to examine whether the higher IS in vegans relates to markers of mitochondrial biogenesis and to' intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) content. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eleven vegans and 10 matched (race, age, sex, body mass index, physical activity and energy intake) omnivorous controls were enrolled in a case-control study. Anthropometry, bioimpedance (BIA), ultrasound measurement of visceral and subcutaneous fat layer, parameters of glucose and lipid homeostasis, hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and muscle biopsies were performed. Citrate synthase (CS) activity, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and IMCL content were assessed in skeletal muscle samples. RESULTS: Both groups were comparable in anthropometric and BIA parameters, physical activity and protein-energy intake. Vegans had significantly higher glucose disposal (M-value, vegans 8.11 +/- 1.51 vs controls 6.31 +/- 1.57 mg/kg/min, 95% confidence interval: 0.402 to 3.212, P=0.014), slightly lower IMCL content (vegans 13.91 (7.8 to 44.0) vs controls 17.36 (12.4 to 78.5) mg/g of muscle, 95% confidence interval: - 7.594 to 24.550, P=0.193) and slightly higher relative muscle mtDNA amount (vegans 1.36 +/- 0.31 vs controls 1.13 +/- 0.36, 95% confidence interval: - 0.078 to 0.537, P= 0.135). No significant differences were found in CS activity (vegans 18.43 +/- 5.05 vs controls 18.16 +/- 5.41 mu mol/g/min, 95% confidence interval: - 4.503 to 5.050, P=0.906). CONCLUSIONS: Vegans have a higher IS, but comparable mitochondrial density and IMCL content with omnivores. This suggests that a decrease in whole-body glucose disposal may precede muscle lipid accumulation and mitochondria] dysfunction in IR development.
Medicinal Plants and their Phyto-Constituents with Potential Antidiabetic Activity - A Review; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder caused by oxidative strain or the loss of glucose homeostasis with the disorder of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. It consequently affects insulin function and secretion. The growth and usage of synthetic drugs may cause side effects like mental illness or the other physiological imbalances. A new approach for treating diabetic complications is possible by using alternative medications from medicinal plants which possess many active bio-compounds. The plant sources consist of important phyto-constituents such as polyphenols, flavonoids, alkaloids and other components which acts against defective cellular metabolism and regulate its functional property. The variance in the cellular products helps to boost the body or cells against immune-complications caused by diabetes. The active compounds from the plants could be recorded and systematically validated to increase the plant-based medicines with fewer side effects or without side effects. The prolonged usage of synthetic drug can be replaced by natural form of supplements as it regulates mechanism against diabetes mellitus.
α -Glucosidase and α-amylase inhibitors from seed oil: A review of liposoluble substance to treat diabetes; One of the effective managements of diabetes mellitus, in particular, noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, is to retard the absorption of glucose by inhibition of carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes, such as -glucosidase and -amylase, in the digestive organs. Currently, there is renewed interest in plant-based medicines and functional foods modulating physiological effects in the inhibition of -glucosidase and -amylase. Accordingly, inhibitors of -glucosidase or -amylase derived from various sources have also been isolated, and majority of phenolic compounds and their effects have been investigated in animals as well. As such, when the presence of -glucosidase inhibitor in many foodstuffs was screened for, we found that vegetable seed oil also strongly inhibited -glucosidase and -amylase. Seed oil is an important source of liposoluble constituents with potential for inhibition of these enzymes, hence can also be used as therapeutic or functional food sources. Therefore, this review is aimed at highlighting the main liposoluble classes of -glucosidase and -amylase inhibitors, but it is not intended to be an exhaustive review on the subject.
Cryopreservation of insulin-secreting INS832/13 cells using a wheat protein formulation; Diabetes is a global epidemic that affects about 285 million people worldwide. For severely-ill patients with type I diabetes, whole pancreas or islet transplantation is the only therapeutic option. Islet transplantation is hindered by the scarce supply of fresh functional islets and limitations in cryopreservation procedures. Thus, improved cryopreservation procedures are needed to increase the availability of functional islets for clinical applications. Towards this goal, this work developed a cryopreservation protocol for pancreatic cells using proteins that accumulate naturally in freezing-tolerant plants. A preincubation of cells with 1% lecithin-1% glycerol-1% N-methylpyrrolidone followed by cryopreservation with partially purified proteins from wheat improved the viability and insulin-secreting properties of INS832/13 cells, compared to cryopreservation with 10% dimethyl sulfoxide (Me2SO). The major factor that enhanced the cryoprotective effect of the wheat protein formulation was preincubation with the lipid lecithin. Expression profiles of genes involved in metabolic and signaling functions of pancreatic cells (Ins, Glut1/2/3, Pdx1, Reg1 alpha) were similar between fresh cells and those cryopreserved with the plant protein formulation. This novel plant-based technology, which is non-toxic and contains no animal material, is a promising alternative to Me2SO for cryopreservation of insulin-secreting pancreatic cells. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Protection of NOD mice from type 1 diabetes after oral inoculation with vaccinia viruses expressing adjuvanted islet autoantigens; Oral administration of autoantigens and allergens can delay or Suppress clinical disease in experimental autoimmune and allergic disorders. However, repeated feeding of large amounts of the tolerogens is required over long periods and is only partially effective in animals systemically sensitized to the ingested antigen. Enhanced suppression of type 1 autommume diabetes insulitis and hyperglycemia was demonstrated in both naive and immune animals following oral inoculation with plant-based antigens coupled to the cholera toxin B subunit (CTB). Thus, plant-synthesized antigens linked to the CTB adjuvant, can enhance suppression of inflammatory T(H)1 lymphocyte-mediated autoreactivity in both naive and immune animals. To stimulate adjuvant-autoantigen fusion protein biosynthesis in the gut mucosae, the authors evaluated oral inoculation of juvenile non-obese diabetic (NOD) mice with recombinant vaccinia virus (rVV) expressing fusion genes encoding CTB linked to the pancreatic islet autoantigens proinsulin (INS) and a 55-kDa C-terminal peptide from glutamate decarboxylase (GAD(55)). Hyperglycemia in both rVV-CTB:: INS and rVV-CTB:: GAD inoculated mice was substantially reduced in comparison with the uninoculated mouse control. Oral inoculation with rVV carrying the CTB::INS fusion gene generated a significant reduction in insulitis. An increase in IgG1 in comparison with IgG2c antibody isotype titers in rVV-CTB::INS infected mice suggested possible activation of autoantigen specific Th2 lymphocytes. The experimental results demonstrate feasibility of using vaccinia virus oral delivery of adjuvanted autoantigens to the mucosae of prediabetic mice for suppression and therapy of type 1 autoimmune diabetes.
Scientific validation of traditional wisdom on analgesic effect of selected plant sources; The World Health Organization (WHO) estimated that 80% of the population of developing countries rely on traditional medicines, mostly plant based drugs for their primary healthcare needs. Indian System of Medicine (ISM) mainly gives plant based remedies for most of the diseases. It offers most appropriate cure against many diseases like jaundice, asthma, arthritis, diabetes, etc. where there is no complete cure in allopathy. In the Indian System of Medicines, plants occupy a predominant place in the therapeutic field. Traditional knowledge is unique in any society which is fabricated on their sound belief, norms and the culture of the society to which they belong. Along with this, there is an urgent need to safe guard and reaffirm traditional wisdom about home remedies. The present study was undertaken on animals to find out the analgesic effect of selected plants, i.e., Tulsi (Ocimum sanctum L.), Guarpatha (Aloe vera L.), Ajwayan (Hyoscymus niger L.) and Sonth (Zingiber officinale L.) and their effective dose to relieve the pain threshold. The analgesic effect was statistically significant by dose concentration and type of plant. The maximum dose of 0.9 ml was most effective in comparison to other doses, indicating higher the concentration of extract, better is the effect. The results confirm the scientific base of using selected plant as home remedies to relieve pain threshold.
Nutrient intake in the GEICO multicenter trial: the effects of a multicomponent worksite intervention; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects on macro-and micronutrient intake of a nutrition intervention program in corporate settings across the United States. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two hundred and ninety-two individuals who were overweight or had type 2 diabetes were recruited from 10 sites of a US insurance company. Two hundred and seventy-one participants completed baseline diet recalls, and 183 participants completed dietary recalls at 18 weeks. Sites were randomly assigned to an intervention group (five sites) or to a control group (five sites) for 18 weeks. At intervention sites, participants were asked to follow a low-fat vegan diet and attend weekly group meetings. At control sites, participants continued their usual diets. At baseline and 18 weeks, participants completed 2-day diet recalls. Between-group differences in changes in nutrient intake were assessed using an analysis of covariance. RESULTS: Compared with those in the control group, intervention-group participants significantly reduced the reported intake of total fat (P = 0.02), saturated (P = 0.006) and monounsaturated fats (P = 0.01), cholesterol (P = 0.009), protein (P = 0.03) and calcium (P = 0.02), and increased the intake of carbohydrate (P = 0.006), fiber (P = 0.002), beta-carotene (P = 0.01), vitamin C (P = 0.003), magnesium (P = 0.04) and potassium (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: An 18-week intervention program in a corporate setting reduces intake of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol and increases the intake of protective nutrients, particularly fiber, beta-carotene, vitamin C, magnesium and potassium. The reduction in calcium intake indicates the need for planning for this nutrient.
Expression of cholera toxin B subunit and the B chain of human insulin as a fusion protein in transgenic tobacco plants; A DNA construct containing the cholera toxin B subunit (CTB) gene genetically fused to a nucleotide sequence encoding three copies of tandemly repeated diabetes-associated autoantigen, the B chain of human insulin, was produced and transferred into low-nicotine tobaccos by Agrobacterium. Integration of the fusion gene into the plant genome was confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The results of immunoblot analysis verified the synthesis and assembly of the fusion protein into pentamers in transgenic tobacco. GM1-ELISA showed that the plant-derived fusion protein retained GM1-ganglioside receptor binding specificity. The fusion protein accounted for 0.11% of the total leaf protein. The production of transgenic plants expressing CTB-InsB(3) offers a new opportunity to test plant-based oral antigen therapy against autoimmune diabetes by inducing oral tolerance.
A study on food-medicine continuum among the non-institutionally trained <i>siddha</i> practitioners of Tiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu, India; Background: Medicinal properties of the food species are one of the poorly documented and important areas of ethnopharmacology. The present survey quantitatively documented the medicinal foods prescribed by the non-institutionally trained siddha practitioners of Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu. Methods: Field work was carried out between December 2014 and April 2017 using a questionnaire. The illnesses mentioned by the informants were grouped as illness categories on the basis of emic perceptions. Sufficiency of sampling of this survey was assessed by plotting the cumulative number of UR and Shannon-Wiener's index. The indices such as informant consensus factor (FIC), Index of Agreement on Remedies (IAR), and Cultural Food Significance Index (CFSI) were calculated. Results: This study documented 165 medicinal foods used by 82 non-institutionally trained siddha practitioners of Tiruvallur district, and 73.93% of these preparations were plant based. Among the animal taxa, 82.05% were represented by fish taxa. The illness category gastrointestinal ailments is the majorly cited illness category treated with plant-based formulations. The illness categories viz., gastrointestinal ailments, hemorrhoids, and neural ailments had high consensus under the group of plant-based medicinal foods. In animal-based medicinal foods, kapha ailments had gained 23.07% of UR. The illness categories such as bone fractures, male reproductive ailments, blood ailments, and anabolic had high FIC values. Conclusions: Deeper studies on different dietary cultures of India may help to derive better interpretations on food-medicine continuum. This study identified some important claims such as the use of citron, pomegranate and Solanum americanum (gastrointestinal ailments), Abutilon indicum, onions and elephant foot yam (hemorrhoids), Boerhavia diffusa (urinary ailments), Moringa oleifera (anemia), Aloe vera (gynecological ailments), Eclipta prostrata (liver ailments), ivy gourd (diabetes), citron (hypertension), Centella asiatica (psychological ailments), spade nose shark (lactogogue), reticulate whipray (wheezing and bronchitis), Katelysia opima (impotence), Indian squid (anemia), and Indian oil sardine (anabolic). More studies on these claims will help identify novel functional foods to add to the field of medical nutrition therapy, with traditional brand identity. Robust studies on the documentation of the traditional knowledge on marine resources will yield a good database for various stakeholders and policy makers.
Is a vegetarian diet safe to follow during pregnancy? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies; Background: Whether a vegetarian diet is appropriate for pregnancy remains unclear. Objective: This study aimed to determine the association between vegetarian diet during pregnancy and various maternal-fetal outcomes. Method: PubMed-Medline, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant articles published by August 30, 2017. Quantitative data were analyzed by a random-effects model with pooled odds ratios or weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval as aggregate estimations. Results: A total of 19 observational studies were identified for each of meta-analysis and narrative review. The overall estimated relation between vegetarian pregnancy and low birth weight (LBW) was marginally significant (1.27 (0.98, 1.65), P = 0.07, I-2=0%). Asian (India/Nepal) vegetarian mothers exhibited increased risks to deliver a baby with LBW (1.33 (1.01, 1.76), P = 0.04, I-2=0%). However, the WMD of neonatal birth weight in five studies suggested no difference between vegetarians and omnivores. Given the high heterogeneity of the included studies, lack of high-quality evidence, and limited studies included for each category, we failed to reach conclusive results regarding the risks of hypospadias, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal anemia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: Asian vegetarian mothers presented increased risks to deliver babies with LBW than those of omnivores. Large-scale prospective studies focusing on pre- and/or early gestational nutrition will help clarify the correlation between vegetarian diet and various pregnancy outcomes.
<i>In vivo</i> Studies on Antidiabetic Plants Used in South African Herbal Medicine; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders worldwide. It is a major health problem with its frequency increasing every day in most countries. The disease is generally believed to be incurable; and the few orthodox drugs available to manage the disease are not readily affordable to the poor. Based on the historical success of natural products as antidiabetic agents and the ever increasing need for new antidiabetics, a number of South African medicinal plants have been evaluated for their antidiabetic properties. In this article, we review the major studies conducted based on ethnobotanical surveys carried out between 2005 and 2008 in South Africa on plants that are traditionally used for the treatment of diabetes. Overall, the results of the studies conducted confirmed the potential of South African medicinal plants in antidiabetic drug discovery and identified a number of promising taxa for further in vivo investigation as plant-based antidiabetic agents.
Taiwanese vegetarians have higher insulin sensitivity than omnivores; The present study was designed to examine the effects of habitual consumption of Taiwanese vegetarian diets on hormonal secretion, and on lipid and glycaemic control. Of the ninety-eight healthy female adults recruited from Hualien, Taiwan (aged 31-45 years), forty-nine were Buddhist lactovegetarians and forty-nine were omnivores. Dietary intakes were measured, and blood levels of nutrients and hormones were analysed. Vegetarians consumed less energy, fat and protein, but more fibre than the omnivores. Compared with the omnivores, the vegetarians had, on average, lower BMI and smaller waist circumference. Except for slightly lower levels of thyroxine (T-4) in vegetarians, vegetarians and omnivores both showed similar levels of triiodothyronine (T-3), free T-4, thyroid-stimulating hormone, T-3:T-4 ratio and cortisol. Compared with the omnivores, the vegetarians had significantly lower levels of fasting insulin (median: 35.3 v. 50.6 pmol/l) and plasma glucose (mean: 4.7 (se 0.05) v. 4.9 (se 0.05) mmol/l). Insulin resistance, as calculated by the homeostasis model assessment method, was significantly lower in the vegetarians than in the omnivores (median: 1.10 v. 1.56), while beta-cell function was not different between the two groups. BMI and diet were both independent predictors for insulin resistance, and contributed 18 and 15 % of the variation in insulin resistance, respectively. In conclusion, Taiwanese vegetarians had lower glucose and insulin levels and higher insulin sensitivity than did the omnivores. Diet and lower BMI were partially responsible for the high insulin sensitivity observed in young Taiwanese vegetarians.
Protein-based Fat Replacers - A Review of Recent Advances; Excessive consumption of fat especially consisting of saturated and hydrogenated fat has been reported to result in adverse effects on health, having been correlated to chronic diseases like obesity, type 2 diabetes, some cancer and cardiovascular disorders. However, presence of fat in food is desirable as it improves the accepability, palatability, textural properties, emulsion properties, etc. Hence, the need to substitute fat, using fat replacers in food. Fat replacers replace fat molecules in the food with components that have similar properties. These fat replacers provide lower calorific value than the fat molecules. Of all the known fat replacers, those consisting of protein have shown an ability to replace maximum percentage of fat. The functional properties of protein in food thus make it suitable for fat replacement. Based on the source of availability, protein-fat replacers can be classified into animal and plant-based protein-fat replacers. This review attempts a critical evaluation on the classification of protein-based fat replacers, their source, extraction, processing methods, type/form, properties and their effects on food.
Beneficial roles of honey polyphenols against some human degenerative diseases: A review; Honey contains many active constituents and antioxidants such as polyphenols. Polyphenols are phytochemicals, a generic term for the several thousand plant-based molecules with antioxidant properties. Many in vitro studies in human cell cultures as well as many animal studies confirm the protective effect of polyphenols on a number of diseases such as cardiovascular diseases (CVD), diabetes, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, pulmonary diseases, liver diseases and so on. Nevertheless, it is challenging to identify the specific biological mechanism underlying individual polyphenols and to determine how polyphenols impact human health. To date, several studies have attempted to elucidate the molecular pathway for specific polyphenols acting against particular diseases. In this review, we report on the various polyphenols present in different types of honey according to their classification, source, and specific functions and discuss several of the honey polyphenols with the most therapeutic potential to exert an effect on the various pathologies of some major diseases including CVD, diabetes, cancer, and neurodegenerative diseases. (c) 2017 Institute of Pharmacology, Polish Academy of Sciences. Published by Elsevier Sp. z o.o. All rights reserved.
Effect of redesigned Indian mixed meals on blood glucose and insulin levels in normal versus type 2 diabetic subjects-a comparative study; This study reports the glycemic as well as insulinemic response of seven types of Indian vegetarian mixed meals (MMs). Each of the seven MMs was given at weekly intervals to both normal and type 2 diabetic subjects on the same day to reduce variations in food preparations. In this Indian study, each MM consisted of five to six food items with a low glycemic index (GI) ranging from 28.98 to 46.12%, glycemic load ranging from 15.58 to 23.8 g and energy value (calculated) from each test meal ranging from 403 to 502 kcal. All the seven meals were found to have postprandial glycemic control in normal subjects which ranged from 86 to 102.4 mg%, and a good postprandial glycemic control in type 2 diabetic subjects which ranged from 132.8 to 148.4 mg%, and hence appropriate for routine consumption by diabetic subjects. The glycemic and insulinemic pattern of all these MMs was similar in normal and diabetic subjects. Sustained intake of such low GI MMs by diabetic can result in good glycemic control.
Is adjunctive naturopathy associated with improved glycaemic control and a reduction in need for medications among type 2 Diabetes patients? A prospective cohort study from India; Background: With an estimated 65 million Diabetes Mellitus (DM) patients, India ranks second in the world in terms of DM burden. The emphasis of current medical practice has been on pharmacotherapy but, despite the best combination therapies, acheiving glycaemic control (reduction of blood sugar to desirable levels) is a challenge. ` Integrated Naturopathy and Yoga'(INY) is an alternative system of medicine that lays emphasis on the role of diet and physical exercise. We assessed the short term effect of INY as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy on glycaemic control among type 2 DM patients. Methods: In this prospective cohort study with a 3 month follow-up, DM patients consecutively admitted to a hospital in India from May-October 2014 for either 15 or 30 days were offered INY-a package of vegetarian diet with no added oil, sugar and salt, yoga-based exercise, patient counselling and rest. A ` favourable outcome' was defined as glycaemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) < 7 % or absolute reduction by 1 %) along with at least 50 % reduction in antidiabetes medication at 3 months relative to baseline. Compliance to diet was scored by self-report on a scale of 0-10 and categorized into poor (0-5), moderate (6-8) and excellent (9-10). Results: Of 101 patients with 3-month follow-up data, 65(65 %) achieved a favourable outcome-with 19(19 %) stopping medication while sustaining glycemic control. Factors associated with favourable outcome were baseline HbA1c and compliance to diet, which showed a significant linear relationship with mean HbA1c reductions of 0.4 %, 1.1 % and 1.7 % in relation to poor, moderate and excellent dietary compliance respectively. Conclusion: INY, adjunctive to pharmacotherapy, was associated with a significant beneficial effect on glycaemic control and reduced the overall need for antidiabetes medications. These early results are promising. Further studies with long-term follow-up and using more rigorous randomized controlled trial designs are needed.
Plant-Produced Asialo-Erythropoietin Restores Pancreatic Beta-Cell Function by Suppressing Mammalian Sterile-20-like Kinase (MST1) and Caspase-3 Activation; Pancreatic beta-cell death adversely contributes to the progression of both type I and II diabetes by undermining beta-cell mass and subsequently diminishing endogenous insulin production. Therapeutics to impede or even reverse the apoptosis and dysfunction of beta-cells are urgently needed. Asialo-rhuEPO, an enzymatically desialylated form of recombinant human erythropoietin (rhuEPO), has been shown to have cardioprotective and neuroprotective functions but with no adverse effects like that of sialylated rhuEPO. Heretofore, the anti-apoptotic effect of asialo-rhuEPO on pancreatic beta-cells has not been reported. In the current study, we investigated the cytoprotective properties of plant-produced asialo-rhuEPO (asialo-rhuEPO(P)) against staurosporine-induced cell death in the pancreatic beta-cell line RIN-m5F. Our results showed that 60 IU/ml asialo-rhuEPO(P) provided 41% cytoprotection while 60 IU/ml rhuEPO yielded no effect. Western blotting results showed that asialo-rhuEPO(P) treatment inhibited both MST1 and caspase-3 activation with the retention of PDX1 and insulin levels close to untreated control cells. Our study provides the first evidence indicating that asialo-rhuEPO(P)-mediated protection involves the reduction of MST1 activation, which is considered a key mediator of apoptotic signaling in beta-cells. Considering the many advantages its plant-based expression, asialo-rhuEPO(P) could be potentially developed as a novel and inexpensive agent to treat or prevent diabetes after further performing studies in cell-based and animal models of diabetes.
No evidence of insulin resistance in normal weight vegetarians -: A case control study; Background Diets rich in carbohydrates with a low glycemic index and with high fiber content are associated with flat post-prandial rises of blood glucose, minimal post-prandial insulin secretion and maintenance of insulin sensitivity. Protective food commodities in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, insulin resistance syndrome or diabetes are crucial components of the vegetarian diet. Aim of the study Insulin resistance values were assessed in relation to different nutrition. Metabolic abnormality is a predictor of age-related diseases and can be more pronounced in obese subjects. Insulin resistance values in normal weight subjects of two different nutritional habits were correlated with age. Methods Fasting concentrations of glucose and insulin as well as calculated values of insulin resistance IR (HOMA) were assessed in two nutritional groups of apparently healthy adult subjects (age range 19-64 years) with normal weight (body mass index 18.6-25.0 kg/m(2)): a vegetarian group (95 long-term lacto-ovo-vegetarians; duration of vegetarianism 10.2 +/- 0.5 years) and a non-vegetarian control group (107 subjects of general population on traditional western diet). Intake of energy and main nutrients (fats, saccharides, proteins) was similar in both groups. Results Glucose and insulin concentrations and IR (HOMA) values were significantly lower in vegetarians (glucose 4.47 +/- 0.05 vs. 4.71 +/- 0.07 mmol/l; insulin 4.96 +/- 0.23 vs. 7.32 +/- 0.41 mU/l; IR (HOMA) 0.99 +/- 0.05 vs. 1.59 +/- 0.10). IR (HOMA) dependence on age was only significant in subjects on a western diet. A significant increase of IR was found already in the age range 31-40 years, compared to vegetarians and it continued in later age decades. Age independent and low insulin resistance values in vegetarians are a consequence of an effective diet prevention by long-term frequent consumption of protective food. Vegetarians had a significantly higher consumption of whole grain products, pulses, products from oat and barley. Conclusion The results of age independent and low values of insulin resistance document a beneficial effect of long-term vegetarian nutrition in prevention of metabolic syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Pancreatic lipase and α-amylase inhibitory activities of plants used in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM); To find new, plant based drugs for the treatment of obesity and/or diabetes mellitus type 2 through the inhibition of essential digestive enzymes, in vitro tests were carried out on selected plants or fungi with weight-reducing, blood glucose-reducing or related potential, used in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Aqueous and methanolic extracts of 32 Chinese herbal medicines were assayed for their in vitro inhibitory activity against pancreatic lipase (PL) and alpha-amylase (PA). PL activity was measured by using an enzymatic in vitro assay based on the hydrolysis kinetics of an oleate ester of 4-methylumbelliferone. For the determination of alpha-amylase activity an enzyme assay based on the hydrolytic cleavage of a modified starch derivative was used. Our findings have shown that the methanolic extract of Lycopus lucidus Turcz. var. hirtus Regel (Lamiaceae) was a very effective PL inhibitor (IC50: 88.3 +/- 4.1 mu g/mL). A high anti-amylase activity showed the methanolic extract of Trichosanthes kirilowii Maxim. (Curcurbitaceae, IC50: 248.8 +/- 67.3 mu g/rnL). This work provides a priority list of interesting plants for further study with respect to the treatment of obesity and associated metabolic diseases.
Bitter melon (<i>Momordica charantia</i>): a natural healthy vegetable; Bitter melon provides health benefits against various ailments for improving the quality of life. It is nutrient dense plant-based food containing versatility of bioactive compounds such as alkaloids, polypeptide, vitamins, and minerals. Owing to presence of bioactive compounds, it has the ability to fight against various lifestyle related disorders, e.g. cancer insurgence, diabetes mellitus, abdominal pain, kidney (stone), fever, and scabies. Amongst bioactive moieties, p-insulin is similar to insulin whose subcutaneous injection significantly lower blood glucose levels in diabetic patients. It also contains steroidal saponins called charantin, act alike peptides and certain alkaloids that effectively control sugar level in blood. The therapeutic perspectives have been also highlighted as they are helpful in regulating blood cholesterol thus protecting the body from cardiovascular disorders like atherosclerosis. Whole fruit, seeds and leaves of bitter melon regulates impaired antioxidant status and suppress fat accumulation. Moreover, curative potential of its bioactive components and their utilization in value added food products are also the limelight of article.
Prevalence of vitamin B<sub>12</sub> deficiency in South Indians with different grades of glucose tolerance; AimsTo determine the prevalence of vitamin B-12 deficiency in an urban south Indian population in individuals with different grades of glucose tolerance.MethodsA total of 1500 individuals [900 normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 300 prediabetes and 300 type 2 diabetes (T2DM)] who were not on vitamin B-12 supplementation were randomly selected from the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiological Study (CURES) follow-up study. Anthropometric, clinical and biochemical investigations, which included vitamin B-12, insulin, homocysteine, HbA1c and serum lipids, were measured. Vitamin B(12)191pg/ml was defined as absolute vitamin B-12 deficiency and vitamin B-12>191pg/ml and 350pg/ml as borderline deficiency.ResultsThe mean levels of vitamin B-12 significantly decreased with increasing degrees of glucose tolerance (NGT 444368; prediabetes 409 +/- 246; T2DM 389 +/- 211pg/ml, p=0.021). The prevalence of absolute vitamin B-12 deficiency was 14.9% while 37.6% had borderline deficiency. The prevalence of absolute vitamin B-12 deficiency was significantly higher among individuals with T2DM (18.7%) followed by prediabetes (15%) and NGT(13.7%) [p for trend=0.05]. The prevalence of vitamin B-12 significantly increased with age (p<0.05) and in those with abdominal obesity (p<0.001). Men and vegetarians had twice the risk of vitamin B-12 deficiency compared to women and non-vegetarians, respectively. Among individuals with NGT, prediabetes and T2DM, vitamin B-12 negatively correlated with homocysteine.ConclusionThis study reports that the levels of vitamin B-12 decreased with increasing severity of glucose tolerance.
Attenuated associations between increasing BMI and unfavorable lipid profiles in Chinese Buddhist vegetarians; Obesity is related to hyperlipidemia and risk of cardiovascular disease. Health benefits of vegetarian diets have well-documented in the Western countries where both obesity and hyperlipidemia were prevalent. We studied the association between BMI and various lipid/lipoprotein measures, as well as between BMI and predicted coronary heart disease probability in lean, low risk populations in Southern China. The study included 170 Buddhist monks (vegetarians) and 126 omnivore men. Interaction between BMI and vegetarian status was tested in the multivariable regression analysis adjusting for age, education, smoking, alcohol drinking, and physical activity. Compared with omnivores, vegetarians had significantly lower mean BMI, blood pressures, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol to high density lipoprotein ratio, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and A-I, as well as lower predicted probability of coronary heart disease. Higher BMI was associated with unfavorable lipid/lipoprotein profile and predicted probability of coronary heart disease in both vegetarians and omnivores. However, the associations were significantly diminished in Buddhist vegetarians. Conclusions: Vegetarian diets not only lower BMI, but also attenuate the BMI-related increases of atherogenic lipid/lipoprotein and the probability of coronary heart disease.
Diabetes Induced Oxidative Stress: A Comparative Study on Protective Role of <i>Momordica</i> <i>charantia</i> and Metformin; Diabetes mellitus is associated with oxidative stress which plays an important role in development of chronic complications of diabetes. Due to various side effects associated with the drugs used for the management of diabetes, the development of new plant based drugs is the renewed interest of the present time. The new prospective anti-diabetic formulations should possess anti-oxidative potential to resist the oxidative insult of tissues during diabetes and their potential should also be comparable with standard drugs. Momordica charantia is extensively used in India, China and other parts of the world as vegetable. The present study was aimed to investigate the effect of Momordica charantia (MC) on antioxidant enzymes and lipid peroxidation in liver and kidney of alloxan induced diabetic rats. In a 30 days treatment, rats were divided into four groups (I-IV) of five animals in each, experiments were repeated thrice. Administration of MC (13.33 g pulp/kg body weight/day) extract in diabetic rats has remarkably improved the elevated levels of fasting blood glucose. A significant decrease in lipid peroxidation (p<0.001) and increase in the activities of key antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT), glutathione-s-transferase (GST) and reduced glutathione (GSH) contents in liver and kidney tissues of diabetic rats were observed upon MC treatment. The antihyperglycemic and antioxidant properties of MC were comparable with Metformin, a standard hypoglycemic drug.
Hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effects of low GI and medium GL Indian diets in type 2 diabetics for a period of 4 weeks: A prospective study; This prospective study reports significant hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effects in type 2 diabetic subjects who were provided the complete diet plan to be on low glycaemic index (GI) and low-medium glycaemic load (GL) Indian vegetarian snacks and mixed meals for 4 continuous weeks. Five millilitres of fasting blood sample drawn at weekly intervals for 4 weeks were analysed for blood glucose, HbA1c and lipid profile. Four weeks later mean blood glucose level of 173.6 mg% decreased to 137.8 mg%, HbA1c of 8% also decreased to 7.1% which reflected the blood glucose level during the study period and hence correlated well with the fall in blood glucose level. Triglyceride level of 244.5 mg% decreased to 164.7 mg% (p < 0.0001) and total cholesterol of 173.5 mg% decreased to 134.6 mg% (p < 0.0001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 33 mg% increased to 39.8 mg% (p < 0.003), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol of 48.9 mg% decreased to 32.9 mg% (p < 0.0001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 90.1 mg% decreased to 64.3 (p < 0.009). This significant outcome can be improved further if compliance to low GI and low-to-medium GL diet is continued. This may achieve desired glycaemic control and that's limit oxidative stress.
Favorable impact of a vegan diet with exercise on hemorheology: implications for control of diabetic neuropathy; A little-noticed clinical report indicates that a low-fat, whole-food vegan diet, coupled with daily walking exercise, leads to rapid remission of neuropathic pain in the majority of type 2 diabetics expressing this complication. Concurrent marked improvements in glycemic control presumably contribute to this benefit, but are unlikely to be solely responsible. Consideration should be given to the possibility that improved blood rheology - decreased blood viscosity and increased blood filterability - plays a prominent role in mediating this effect. There is considerable evidence that neural hypoxia, secondary to impaired endoneurial microcirculatory perfusion, is a crucial etiologic factor in diabetic neuropathy; the unfavorable impact of diabetes on hemorheology would be expected to exacerbate endoneurial ischemia. Conversely, measures which improve blood fluidity would likely have a beneficial impact on diabetic neuropathy. There is indeed evidence that vegan diets, as well as exercise training, tend to decrease the viscosity of both whole blood and plasma; reductions in hematocrit and in fibrinogen may contribute to this effect. The fact that vegan diets decrease the white cell count is suggestive of an improvement in blood filterability as well; filterability improves with exercise training owing to an increase in erythrocyte deformability. Whether these measures influence the activation of leukocytes in diabetics - an important determinant of blood filterability - remains to be determined. There are various reasons for suspecting that a vegan diet can reduce risk for other major complications of diabetes - retinopathy, nephropathy, and macrovascular disease - independent of its tendency to improve glycemic control in type 2 patients. The vegan diet/exercise strategy represents a safe, 'low-tech' approach to managing diabetes that deserves far greater attention from medical researchers and practitioners. (C) 2002 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.
A novel <i>Gymnema sylvestre</i> extract protects pancreatic beta-cells from cytokine-induced apoptosis; Inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1 beta, TNF-alpha, and interferon-gamma are known to be involved in mediating beta-cells death in diabetes mellitus (DM). Thus, protecting from beta-cells death in patients with DM may be a useful target in alleviating symptoms of hyperglycemia. Traditional plant-based remedies have been used to treat DM for many centuries and may play a role in protecting beta-cell from death. An example of these remedies is Gymnema sylvestre (GS) extract. In this study, we investigated the effect of this plant extract on beta-cells apoptosis. Om Santal Adivasi (OSA (R)) maintained cell membrane integrity in MIN6 cells and mouse islets. Om Santal Adivasi significantly protected MIN6 cells and mouse islets from cytokine-induced apoptosis. In the presence of cytokines, OSA (R) significantly reduced the expression and activity of caspase-3. The antiapoptotic effect of OSA (R) as shown by microarray analysis is largely mediated by activating pathways involved in cell survival (mainly casein kinase II pathway) and the free radical scavenger system (specifically superoxide dismutase and catalase). This study indicates that the GS isolate OSA (R) protects against cytokine-induced apoptosis of beta-cells by increasing the expression of cell survival pathways and free radical scavenger system.
A review of the ethnomedicinal uses, phytochemistry and pharmacology of the <i>Pleiocarpa</i> genus; Pleiocarpa genus is a flowering plant from the Apocynaceae family which are rich sources of phytochemicals and have been reported to be useful in the treatment of gastrointestinal ailments, fever, malaria, pain, diabetes and cancer. The aim of this review is to present the past and current ethnomedicinal uses, phytochemistry and the pharmacology of Pleiocarpa genus which are underexploited as revealed through this review in order to enhance its potential source of phytochemical leads in medicine. Some pharmacological activities of these plants based on their acclaimed ethnomedicinal uses have been investigated by various researchers. The chemical profile of the genus is limited to alkaloids and triterpenoids, where indole alkaloids may be considered as important taxonomical markers.
Tocotrienol is a cardioprotective agent against ageing-associated cardiovascular disease and its associated morbidities; Ageing is a nonmodifiable risk factor that is linked to increased likelihood of cardiovascular morbidities. Whilst many pharmacological interventions currently exist to treat many of these disorders such as statins for hypercholesterolemia or beta-blockers for hypertension, the elderly appear to present a greater likelihood of suffering non-related side effects such as increased risk of developing new onset type 2 diabetes (NODM). In some cases, lower efficacy in the elderly have also been reported. Alternative forms of treatment have been sought to address these issues, and there has been a growing interest in looking at herbal remedies or plant-based natural compounds. Oxidative stress and inflammation are implicated in the manifestation of ageing-related cardiovascular disease. Thus, it is natural that a compound that possesses both antioxidative and anti-inflammatory bioactivities would be considered. This review article examines the potential of tocotrienols, a class of Vitamin E compounds with proven superior antioxidative and anti-inflammatory activity compared to tocopherols (the other class of Vitamin E compounds), in ameliorating ageing-related cardiovascular diseases and its associated morbidities. In particular, the potential of tocotrienols in improving inflammaging, dyslipidemia and mitochondrial dysfunction in ageing-related cardiovascular diseases are discussed.
Vegetarian diets: what do we know of their effects on common chronic diseases?; A number of studies have evaluated the health of vegetarians. Others have studied the health effects of foods that are preferred or avoided by vegetarians. The purpose of this review is to look critically at the evidence on the health effects of vegetarian diets and to seek possible explanations where results appear to conflict. There is convincing evidence that vegetarians have lower rates of coronary heart disease, largely explained by low LDL cholesterol, probable lower rates of hypertension and diabetes mellitus, and lower prevalence of obesity. Overall, their cancer rates appear to be moderately lower than others living in the same communities, and life expectancy appears to be greater. However, results for specific cancers are much less convincing and require more study. There is evidence that risk of colorectal cancer is lower in vegetarians and in those who eat less meat; however, results from British vegetarians presently disagree, and this needs explanation. It is probable that using the label "vegetarian" as a dietary category is too broad and that our understanding will be served well by dividing vegetarians into more descriptive sub-types. Although vegetarian diets are healthful and are associated with lower risk of several chronic diseases, different types of vegetarians may not experience the same effects on health. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1607S-12S.
Effects of a high protein diet on body weight and comorbidities associated with obesity; Red meat intake has been frequently associated with the development of coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes but vegetable protein has been associated with protection from these diseases. Whether this is related to the protein per se or to the increased polyunsaturated fat or higher fibre levels associated with more vegetarian diets is not clear. High protein diets are associated with greater satiety and in some studies are associated with greater weight loss compared with high carbohydrate diets especially in an ad libitum design. These diets also lower plasma triglyceride and blood pressure and sometimes spare lean mass. There appear to be no harmful effects of high protein diets on bone density or renal function in weight loss studies.
Overall glycemic index and glycemic load of vegan diets in relation to plasma lipoproteins and triacylglycerols; Background: To investigate the overall glycemic index (GI), glycemic load (GL), and intake of dietary fiber, and to examine the associations between these factors and plasma lipoproteins and triacylglycerols in adult vegans in the German Vegan Study (GVS). Methods: Cross-sectional study, Germany. Healthy men (n = 67) and women (n = 87), who fulfilled the study criteria (vegan diet for 61 year prior to study start; minimum age of 18 years; no pregnancy/ childbirth during the last 12 months) and who participated in all study segments. Results: The average dietary GL of the GVS population was 144, and the average GI was 51.4. The adjusted geometric mean total, HDL, and LDL cholesterol concentrations decreased across the increasing quartiles of GL, carbohydrate and dietary fiber intake. The associations between total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and GL density and GI were inconsistent. Also, associations between GI, GL, the intake of carbohydrates, and triacylglycerol concentration were not observed. Conclusions: Fiber-rich vegan diets are characterized by a low GI and a low to moderate GL. The data do not support the hypothesis that a carbohydrate-rich diet per se is associated with unfavorable effects on triaclyglycerols that would be predicted to increase the risk of coronary heart disease. Copyright (c) 2007 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Traditional medicine practices among community members with diabetes mellitus in Northern Tanzania: an ethnomedical survey; Background: Diabetes is a growing burden in sub-Saharan Africa where traditional medicines (TMs) remain a primary form of healthcare in many settings. In Tanzania, TMs are frequently used to treat non-communicable diseases, yet little is known about TM practices for non-communicable diseases like diabetes. Methods: Between December 2013 and June 2014, we assessed TM practices, including types, frequencies, reasons, and modes, among randomly selected community members. To further characterize TMs relevant for the local treatment of diabetes, we also conducted focus groups and semi-structured interviews with key informants. Results: We enrolled 481 adults of whom 45 (9.4 %) had diabetes. The prevalence of TM use among individuals with diabetes was 77.1 % (95 % CI 58.5-89.0 %), and the prevalence of using TMs and biomedicines concurrently was 37.6 % (95 % CI 20.5-58.4 %). Many were using TMs specifically to treat diabetes (40.3 %; 95 % CI 20.5-63.9), and individuals with diabetes reported seeking healthcare from traditional healers, elders, family, friends, and herbal vendors. We identified several plant-based TMs used toward diabetes care: Moringa oleifera, Cymbopogon citrullus, Hagenia abyssinica, Aloe vera, Clausena anisata, Cajanus cajan, Artimisia afra, and Persea americana. Conclusions: TMs were commonly used for diabetes care in northern Tanzania. Individuals with diabetes sought healthcare advice from many sources, and several individuals used TMs and biomedicines together. The TMs commonly used by individuals with diabetes in northern Tanzania have a wide range of effects, and understanding them will more effectively shape biomedical practitices and public health policies that are patient-centered and sensitive to TM preferences.
Transgenic Expression and Identification of Recombinant Human Proinsulin in Peanut; The increased incidence of diabetes, coupled with the introduction of alternative insulin delivery methods that rely on higher doses, is expected to result in a substantial escalation in the future demand for affordable insulin. Plant-based systems offer a safe and economical method for producing pharmaceutical proteins. We used peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) as bio-reactors to express biosafe, stable proinsulin. We designed two proinsulin analogues (FAIA and LAIA) with substitutions in their amino acid sequences. The fast-acting insulin analogue (FAIA) contains a Gly inserted between Cys19 and Gly20, as well as a Pro28Asp substitution, in the B chain. The long-acting insulin analogue (LAIA) contains a Gly inserted between Cys19 and Gly20 and two Arg residues inserted into the terminus of the B chain, as well as an Asn21Gly substitution in the A chain. Four plasmids were constructed: pROKII-Flag-FAIA, pROKII-Flag-LAIA, pCAMBIA2301-Oleosin-FAIA and pCAMBIA2301-Oleosin-LAIA. These plasmids were transferred into peanut to produce recombinant proinsulin. Western blot and GUS staining analysis indicated that some transgenic peanut successfully expressed exogenous proinsulin. Peanut seeds can act as insulin storage sites, which is the foundation for further production of recombinant proinsulin from peanut seeds.
The Lifestyle Medicine Physician's Case to Self-Insured Employers: A Business Model for Physicians, a Bargain for Companies; A majority of Americans have health care insurance through their employers, the cost for which is rising at an alarming rate. Unfortunately, higher expenditure on insurance has not translated into healthier employees. In this article, we present a value-based design plan for self-funded employers, administered by lifestyle medicine board-certified providers, which is purported to save money for employers and yet may demonstrate better health outcomes for employees by engaging them in evidence-based lifestyle interventions such as plant-based nutrition, regular physical activity and minimizing sedentary behaviors, sleeping well, tobacco cessation, and so on.
Postprandial Glycemic and Insulinemic Effects of the Addition of Aqueous Extracts of Dried Corn Silk, Cumin Seed Powder or Tamarind Pulp, in Two Forms, Consumed with High Glycemic Index Rice; Several plant-based traditional ingredients in Asia are anecdotally used for preventing and/or treating type 2 diabetes. We investigated three such widely consumed ingredients, namely corn silk (CS), cumin (CU), and tamarind (TA). The aim of the study was to determine the effects of aqueous extracts of these ingredients consumed either as a drink (D) with high-glycemic-index rice or added to the same amount of rice during cooking (R) on postprandial glycemia (PPG), insulinemia (PPI), and blood pressure (BP), over a 3 h measurement period. Eighteen healthy Chinese men (aged 37.5 +/- 12.5 years, BMI 21.8 +/- 1.67 kg/m(2)) took part in a randomized crossover trial, each completing up to nine sessions. Compared to the control meal (plain rice + plain water), the addition of test extracts in either form did not modulate PPG, PPI, or BP. However, the extracts when added within rice while cooking gave rise to significantly lower PPI than when consumed as a drink (p < 0.01). Therefore, the form of consumption of phytochemical-rich ingredients can differentially modulate glucose homeostasis. This study also highlights the need for undertaking randomized controlled clinical trials with traditional foods/components before claims are made on their specific health effects.
<i>Agrobacterium</i>-mediated transformation of lettuce (<i>Lactuca sativa</i> L.) to express IgG-binding protein A and human pro-insulin as a fusion protein; The worldwide demand for pro-insulin increases continuously as new medical applications are developed. Lettuce (Lactuca sativa L.) has the potential to help supply this rising demand as a "green bio-reactor". A DNA construct containing the immunoglobulin G-binding protein A gene of Staphylococcus aureus (ProA) genetically fused to a nucleotide sequence encoding pro-insulin (Pins) was produced and transformed into lettuce. Integration of the ProA-Pins fusion gene into the chromosomes of transgenic lettuce, and copy numbers were verified by PCR amplification of genomic DNA and Southern blotting, respectively. Expression of the ProA-Pins fusion protein gene in transgenic lettuce was confirmed by reverse transcription-PCR analysis. Western immunobloting analysis of the proteins extracted from the leaves of transgenic lettuce plants revealed the presence of an immuno-reactive band with a molecular weight of approx. 20 kDa using rabbit polyclonal antibody against insulin. The plant-produced ProA-Pins fusion protein gave significant readings for indirect enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (ELISA) using rabbit polyclonal antibody against insulin. The highest level of ProA-Pins expression in transgenic lettuce plants was 0.13% (w/w) of total soluble protein. This work demonstrated that plant-based systems expressing pro-insulin may provide an effective, low-cost approach to produce insulin for the treatment of Types I and II diabetes.
GCN2 and FGF21 are likely mediators of the protection from cancer, autoimmunity, obesity, and diabetes afforded by vegan diets; Third World quasi-vegan cultures have been characterized by low risks for "Western" cancers, autoimmune disorders, obesity, and diabetes. The relatively low essential amino acid contents of many vegan diets may play a role in this regard. It is proposed that such diets modestly activate the kinase GCN2 - a physiological detector of essential amino acid paucity - within the liver, resulting in up-regulated production of fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21). FGF21, by opposing the stimulatory effect of growth hormone on hepatic IGF-I production, may be responsible for the down-regulation of plasma IGF-I observed in vegans consuming diets of modest protein content. Decreased IGF-I bioactivity throughout life can be expected to have a favorable impact on cancer risk, as observed in rodents that are calorie restricted or genetically defective in IGF-1 activity. Increased FGF21 in vegans might also contribute to their characteristic leanness and low LDL cholesterol by promoting hepatic lipid oxidation while inhibiting lipogenesis. Direct trophic effects of FGF21 on pancreatic beta-cells may help to explain the low risk for diabetes observed in vegans, and the utility of vegan diets in diabetes management. And up-regulation of GCN2 in immune cells, by boosting T regulatory activity, might play some role in the reduced risk for autoimmunity reported in some quasi-vegan cultures. The fact that bone density tends to be no greater in vegans than omnivores, despite consumption of a more "alkaline" diet, might be partially attributable to the fact that FGF21 opposes osteoblastogenesis and decreases IGF-I. If these speculations have merit, it should be possible to demonstrate that adoption of a vegan diet of modest protein content increases plasma FGF21 levels. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The emergence of a diabetes pocket in Nigeria: the result of a spatial analysis; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a major chronic degenerative disease in the world including Nigeria which has the largest number of DM cases in Africa. Despite the huge public health impact, little on the geographic analysis and determinants of DM in the country is understood. Therefore the study investigated the geographical variations in DM prevalence in Nigeria with the aid of Global Moran's I, Local Moran's I and spatial regression techniques. Enugu State has the highest DM prevalence rate in the country. There was not only evidence of geographic clustering of DM (I = 0.30, z = 3.49; p < 0.05) but the existence of a DM pocket in the southeastern part of Nigeria comprising Abia, Anambra, Enugu and Imo states. Obesity and educational attainment collectively explain 31 (OLS model) and 33 (Spatial error model) percent of the variation in the geographical pattern of DM in the country. Possible explanations for the diabetes pocket and the observed geographical pattern include the prevalent socio-cultural practices and traditional dietary patterns, symbolic significance of obesity, low level of education and high level of urbanization. From the policy perspective, the study proposes a regional policy intervention among other recommendations.
Dietary Patterns and Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Diabetes: A Summary of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses; The Diabetes and Nutrition Study Group (DNSG) of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) conducted a review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses to explain the relationship between different dietary patterns and patient-important cardiometabolic outcomes. To update the clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy in the prevention and management of diabetes, we summarize the evidence from these evidence syntheses for the Mediterranean, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), Portfolio, Nordic, liquid meal replacement, and vegetarian dietary patterns. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to assess the quality of evidence. We summarized the evidence for disease incidence outcomes and risk factor outcomes using risk ratios (RRs) and mean differences (MDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), respectively. The Mediterranean diet showed a cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence (RR: 0.62; 95%CI, 0.50, 0.78), and non-significant CVD mortality (RR: 0.67; 95%CI, 0.45, 1.00) benefit. The DASH dietary pattern improved cardiometabolic risk factors (P < 0.05) and was associated with the decreased incidence of CVD (RR, 0.80; 95%CI, 0.76, 0.85). Vegetarian dietary patterns were associated with improved cardiometabolic risk factors (P < 0.05) and the reduced incidence (0.72; 95%CI: 0.61, 0.85) and mortality (RR, 0.78; 95%CI, 0.69, 0.88) of coronary heart disease. The Portfolio dietary pattern improved cardiometabolic risk factors and reduced estimated 10-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk by 13% (-1.34% (95%CI, -2.19 to -0.49)). The Nordic dietary pattern was correlated with decreased CVD (0.93 (95%CI, 0.88, 0.99)) and stroke incidence (0.87 (95%CI, 0.77, 0.97)) and, along with liquid meal replacements, improved cardiometabolic risk factors (P < 0.05). The evidence was assessed as low to moderate certainty for most dietary patterns and outcome pairs. Current evidence suggests that the Mediterranean, DASH, Portfolio, Nordic, liquid meal replacement and vegetarian dietary patterns have cardiometabolic advantages in populations inclusive of diabetes.
Vegetarian diets: What are the advantages?; A growing body of scientific evidence indicates that wholesome vegetarian diets offer distinct advantages compared to diets containing meat and other foods of animal origin. The benefits arise from lower intakes of saturated fat, cholesterol and animal protein as well as higher intakes of complex carbohydrates, dietary fiber, magnesium, folic acid, vitamin C and E, carotenoids and other phytochemicals. Since vegetarians consume widely divergent diets, a differentiation between various types of vegetarian diets is necessary. Indeed, many contradictions and misunderstandings concerning vegetarianism are due to scientific data from studies without this differentiation. In the past, vegetarian diets have been described as being deficient in several nutrients including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin B-12 and A, n-3 fatty acids and iodine. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the observed deficiencies are usually due to poor meal planning. Well-balanced vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including children, adolescents, pregnant and lactating women, the elderly and competitive athletes. In most cases, vegetarian diets are beneficial in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, cancer, osteoporosis, renal disease and dementia, as well as diverticular disease, gallstones and rheumatoid arthritis. The reasons for choosing a vegetarian diet often go beyond health and well-being and include among others economical, ecological and social concerns. The influences of these aspects of vegetarian diets are the subject of the new field of nutritional ecology that is concerned with sustainable life styles and human development.
Inhibitory effect of corosolic acid on <i>α</i>-glucosidase: kinetics, interaction mechanism, and molecular simulation; BACKGROUND The suppression of alpha-glucosidase activity to retard glucose absorption is an important therapy for type-2 diabetes. Corosolic acid (CRA) is a potential antidiabetic component in many plant-based foods and herbs. In this study, the interplay mechanism between alpha-glucosidase and corosolic acid was investigated by several methods, including three-dimensional fluorescence spectra, circular dichroism spectra, and molecular simulation. RESULTS Corosolic acid significantly inhibited alpha-glucosidase reversibly in an uncompetitive manner and its IC50 value was 1.35 x 10(-5) mol L-1. A combination of CRA with myricetin exerted a weak synergy against alpha-glucosidase. The intrinsic fluorescence of alpha-glucosidase was quenched via a static quenching course and the binding constant was 3.47 x 10(3) L mol(-1) at 298 K. The binding of CRA to alpha-glucosidase was mainly driven by hydrophobic forces and resulted in a partial extension of the protein polypeptide chain with a loss of alpha-helix content. The molecular simulation illustrated that CRA bound to the entrance part of the active center of alpha-glucosidase and interacted with the amino acid residues Ser157, Arg442, Phe303, Arg315, Tyr158, and Gln353, which could hinder the release of substrate and catalytic reaction product, eventually suppressing the catalytic activity of alpha-glucosidase. CONCLUSIONS These results may suggest new insights into corosolic acid from food sources as a potential alpha-glucosidase inhibitor that could better control diabetes. (c) 2019 Society of Chemical Industry
Anti-amylase, anti-glucosidase and anti-angiotensin I-converting enzyme potential of selected foods; alpha-Amylase and alpha-glucosidase have been targeted as potential avenues for modulation of postprandial hyperglycemia through mild inhibition of the enzymatic breakdown of complex carbohydrates to decrease meal-derived glucose absorption. Water-soluble extracts with optimized phenolic content of selected American and Asian foods were investigated for inhibitory activity against alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase, as well as angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE), which has been linked to hyperglycemia-associated hypertension. Porcine pancreatic alpha-amylase (PPA) was allowed to react with each phenolic-optimized food extract, and the derivatized enzyme-phytochemical mixtures obtained were characterized for residual amylase activity. The alpha-glucosidase and ACE activities were determined in the presence of each phenolic-optimized food extract. The amylase activity was inhibited more than the glucosidase activity in the presence of these phytochemical extracts, and more so by Asian foods than by American foods. The Asian spice ginger was found to possess strong ACE inhibitory activity in addition to significant anti-amylase activity. The alpha-amylase enzyme inhibition was positively associated with extract antioxidant activity and negatively with extract protein content. The significance of food-grade, plant-based amylase inhibitors for modulation of carbohydrate breakdown and control of glycemic index of foods in the context of preventing hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus complications in the long term and ACE inhibitors for modulation of associated hypertension is hypothesized and discussed.
Investigation of intracellular signalling cascades mediating stimulatory effect of a <i>Gymnema sylvestre</i> extract on insulin secretion from isolated mouse and human islets of Langerhans; Aim: Traditional plant-based remedies such as Gymnema sylvestre (GS) extracts have been used to treat diabetes mellitus for many centuries. We have shown previously that a novel GS extract, OSA (R), has a direct effect on insulin secretion but its mode of action has not been studied in detail. Thus this study investigated the possible underlying mechanism(s) by which OSA (R) exerts its action. Methods: The effects of OSA (R) on [Ca2+](i) and K+ conductances were assessed by Ca2+ microfluorimetry and electrophysiology in dispersed mouse islets and MIN6 beta-cells, respectively. Isolated mouse (from 20 to 25 mice) and human (from 3 donors) islets, and MIN6 beta-cells, were used to investigate whether the stimulatory effect of OSA (R) on insulin secretion was dependent on the presence of extracellular calcium and protein kinase activation. Results: OSA (R) -induced insulin secretion from mouse islets and MIN6 beta-cells was inhibited by nifedipine, a voltage-gated Ca2+ channel blocker, and by the removal of extracellular Ca2+, respectively. OSA (R) did not affect the activities of K-ATP channels or voltage-dependent K+ channels in MIN6 beta-cells but it caused an increase in intracellular Ca2+ ([Ca2+](i)) concentrations in Fura-2-loaded mouse islet cells. The insulin secretagogue effect of OSA (R) was dependent, in part, on protein kinase activation since incubating mouse or human islets with staurosporine, a general protein kinase inhibitor, resulted in partial inhibition of OSA (R) -induced insulin secretion. Experiments using permeabilized, Ca(2+)clamped MIN6 beta-cells revealed a Ca2+-independent component action of OSA (R) at a late stage in the stimulus-response coupling pathway. OSA (R)-induced insulin secretion was unexpectedly associated with a decrease in intracellular cAMP levels. Conclusions: These data indicate that the GS isolate OSA (R) stimulates insulin secretion from mouse and human islets in vitro, at least in part as a consequence of Ca2+ influx and protein kinase activation.
The Prevalence and Risk Factors for Gallstone Disease in Taiwanese Vegetarians; Introduction: Gallstone disease (GSD) and its complications are major public health issues globally. Although many community-based studies had addressed the risk factors for GSD, little is known about GSD prevalence and risk factors among Taiwanese vegetarians. Methods: This study included 1721 vegetarians who completed a questionnaire detailing their demographics, medical history, and life-styles. GSD was ascertained by ultrasonography or surgical history of cholecystectomy for GSD. The predictive probability of GSD for male and female vegetarians was estimated from the fitted model. Results: The prevalence of GSD was 8.2% for both male and female vegetarians. The risk of GSD is similar in men and women across all age groups, and increases steadily with increasing age. For male vegetarians, age (OR: 1.04; 95% CI: 1.00-1.08) and serum total bilirubin level (OR: 2.35; 95% CI: 1.31-4.22) predict risk for GSD. For female vegetarians, age (OR: 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01-1.05), BMI (OR: 1.07; 95% CI: 1.01-1.13), and alcohol consumption (OR: 7.85; 95% CI: 1.83-33.73) are associated with GSD. GSD is not associated with type of vegetarian diet, duration of vegetarianism, low education level, physical inactivity, diabetes, coronary artery disease, cerebral vascular accident, chronic renal failure, hepatitis C virus infection, and lipid abnormalities. GSD is also not associated with age at menarche, postmenopausal status, and multiparity in female vegetarians. Conclusions: Risk factors useful for predicting GSD in vegetarians are (1) age and total bilirubin level in men, and (2) age, BMI, and alcohol consumption in women. Many previously identified risk factors for general population does not seem to apply to Taiwanese vegetarians.
Meat Intake and Insulin Resistance in Women without Type 2 Diabetes; Purpose. To examine the relationship between meat intake and insulin resistance (IR) in 292 nondiabetic women. Methods. IR was evaluated using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA). Diet was assessed via 7-day weighed food records. Servings of very lean meat (VLM) and regular meat (meat) were indexed using the ADA Exchange Lists Program. Physical activity was assessed using accelerometers and body fat was measured using the Bod Pod. Results. Meat intake was directly related to HOMA (F = 7.4; P = 0.007). Women with moderate or high meat intakes had significantly higher HOMA levels than their counterparts. Adjusting for body fat weakened the relationship (F = 1.0; P = 0.3201). Odds ratio results showed that the low meat quartile had 67% lower odds of being IR (75th percentile) compared to their counterparts (OR = 0.33; 95% CI = 0.16-0.71). These findings changed little after adjusting for all covariates simultaneously (OR = 0.34; 95% CI = 0.14-0.83). Conversely, VLM intake was not related to HOMA, with or without the covariates. Conclusion. Moderate and high meat intakes are associated with increased insulin resistance in nondiabetic women. However, differences in body fat contribute significantly to the relationship. VLM is not predictive of IR. Prudence in the amount and type of meat consumed may be helpful in decreasing the likelihood of IR.
Vegetarians and cardiovascular risk factors:: Hemostasis, inflammatory markers and plasma homocysteine; We studied hemostatic and inflammatory cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF), and total plasma homocysteine (tHcy) in 26 vegetarians (23 lacto- or ovolactovegetarians and 3 vegans), matched by age, sex and socioeconomic status with omnivorous controls. Vegetarians had significantly lower proportion of eicosapentaenoic (EPA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids in plasma lipids, significantly shortened bleeding time, and increased blood platelet count and in vitro platelet function (aggregation and secretion). Plasma levels of all coagulation or fibrinolytic factors and natural inhibitors synthesized in the liver were lowa in vegetarians than in controls. Whereas for some factors this decrease was statistically significant (fibrinogen, factor VIIc, antithrombin III, protein S, plasminogen) for the remaining (factors VIIIc, Vc, prothrombin, protein C) a trend in the same direction was found. For hemostatic proteins of predominantly extrahepatic origin (von Willebrand factor, tPA, PAI-1) this tendency was not present. No significant differences in inflammatory proteins (C-reactive protein and al-protease inhibitor) were detected in both groups. tHcy was significantly increased in vegetarians, and correlated only with cobalamin levels. The increased platelet function and tHcy found in vegetarians may counteract the known cardiovascular health benefits of vegetarian diet (VD).
PREDOMINANTLY VEGETARIAN DIET IN PATIENTS WITH INCIPIENT AND EARLY CLINICAL DIABETIC NEPHROPATHY - EFFECTS ON ALBUMIN EXCRETION RATE AND NUTRITIONAL-STATUS; Several studies have suggested that dietary protein quality may be an important determinant in the natural history of renal disease.  We have therefore studied the effects of a predominantly vegetarian diet in eight patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and an albumin excretion rate (AER) in excess of 30-mu-g min-1.  The AER was measured after an 8-week run-in period on the patient's usual diet, and again after 8 weeks of a predominantly vegetarian diet in which the proportion of vegetable protein was supplemented in order to minimize the reduction in total dietary protein intake.  The median fractional albumin clearance fell during the study from an initial value of 188 x 10(-4) (range 58-810 x 10(-4)) at the end of the run-in period to 87 x 10(-4) (23-829 x 10(-4)) at the end of the period on low animal protein diet (difference 79 x 10(-4) (95% CI 9-149 x 10(-4)), p < 0.05).  The AER then returned to values similar to those obtained at the beginning of the study after a further 8 weeks in those patients returning to their usual diet.  No significant changes in blood glucose control or in arterial pressure were observed.  A predominantly vegetarian diet may therefore have important beneficial effects on diabetic nephropathy without the need for a heavily restricted total protein intake.
Bone turnover, calcium homeostasis, and vitamin D status in Danish vegans; Background/objectives A vegan diet has been associated with increased bone fracture risk, but the physiology linking nutritional exposure to bone metabolism has only been partially elucidated. This study investigated whether a vegan diet is associated with increased bone turnover and altered calcium homeostasis due to insufficient intake of calcium and vitamin D. Subjects/methods Fractionated and total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)-D), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium, and four bone turnover markers (osteocalcin, N-terminal propeptide of type I procollagen (PINP), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BAP), and C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX)) were measured in serum from 78 vegans and 77 omnivores. Results When adjusting for seasonality and constitutional covariates (age, sex, and body fat percentage) vegans had higher concentrations of PINP (32 [95% CI: 7, 64]%, P = 0.01) and BAP (58 [95% CI: 27, 97]%, P< 0.001) compared to omnivores, whereas CTX (30 [95% CI: -1, 72]%, P=0.06) and osteocalcin (21.8 [95% CI: -9.3, 63.7]%, P=0.2) concentrations did not differ between the two groups. Vegans had higher serum PTH concentration (38 [95% CI: 19, 60]%; P< 0.001) and lower 25(OH)-D serum concentration (-33 [95% CI: -45, -19]%; P< 0.001), but similar serum calcium concentration (-1 [95% CI: -3, 1] %, P= 0.18 compared to omnivores. Conclusions Vegans have higher levels of circulating bone turnover markers compared to omnivores, which may in the long-term lead to poorer bone health. Differences in dietary habits including intake of vitamin D and calcium may, at least partly, explain the observed differences.
Sexual Dimorphism in Cardiovascular Disease Risk and Risk Factors Among Vegetarians: an Exploration of the Potential Mechanisms; Purpose of the ReviewThe goal of this review is to explore the potential mechanisms behind the observed phenomenon of sexual dimorphism in cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among vegetarians. To date, research has primarily focused on the association between vegetarian diets and CVD risk factors and events. However, few publications have explored gender differences in the point estimates of risk of CVD in vegetarians. Current data suggest that following a vegetarian diet is associated with a larger CVD risk reduction in males.Recent FindingsAlthough not a completely novel observation, recent systematic reviews have reported sexual dimorphism in CVD outcomes among vegetarians. Data regarding other conditions of which metabolic dysfunction is a fundamental component, such as metabolic syndrome and diabetes, provide insight into potential mechanisms that may explain differences in CVD risk among male and female vegetarians.SummaryEvidence from observational studies suggests that a vegetarian diet is cardioprotective for both men and women. Differences in the point estimates of relative risk of major CVD outcomes for both genders when compared with their respective omnivorous counterparts raise the question of whether or not the benefits may be attenuated in women and whether this difference may be due to a combination of several behavioral and biological factors. Differences in dietary intake patterns and hormonal shifts which affect inflammation, body fat distribution, and metabolic syndrome risk have adverse effects on women as they age. Clinical trials comparing CVD outcomes in men and women who follow a vegetarian diet are needed to confirm the observed dimorphism in cohort studies and to elucidate the potential mechanisms that may explain this phenomenon. Currently, studies assessing the impact of other cardioprotective dietary interventions, such as the Mediterranean diet, indicate that there may be a physiological basis for the divergent outcomes of men and women who are given the same dietary intervention. Further research investigating the dietary habits of males and females, as well as other potential confounding lifestyle factors, is needed.
Vegetarian diets in the Adventist Health Study 2: a review of initial published findings; The Adventist Health Study 2 is a large cohort that is well suited to the study of the relation of vegetarian dietary patterns to health and disease risk. Here we review initial published findings with regard to vegetarian diets and several health outcomes. Vegetarian dietary patterns were associated with lower body mass index, lower prevalence and incidence of diabetes mellitus, lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and its component factors, lower prevalence of hypertension, lower all-cause mortality, and in some instances, lower risk of cancer. Findings with regard to factors related to vegetarian diets and bone health are also reviewed. These initial results show important links between vegetarian dietary patterns and improved health.
Review on rosmarinic acid extraction, fractionation and its anti-diabetic potential; Rosmarinic acid is a bioactive phytochemical that can be found in many herbs as ethnomedicines. It possesses remarkable pharmacological activities, and thus leading to its exploration as a therapeutic drug in diabetes treatment recently. This article reviews the extraction and fractionation techniques for plant-based natural rosmarinic acid and its anti-diabetic potential based on literature data published in journals, books, and patents from 1958 to 2017. Factors affecting the performance of rosmarinic acid extraction and fractionation such as operating temperature, time, solvent to sample ratio and eluent system are compiled and discussed in detail. The inhibitory action of rosmarinic acid against sugar digestive enzymes, and protective action towards pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction and glucolipotoxicity mediated oxidative stress are also critically reviewed. The optimal parameters are largely dependent on the applied extraction and fractionation techniques, as well as the nature of plant samples. Previous studies have proven the potent role of rosmarinic acid to control plasma glucose level and increase insulin sensitivity in hyperglycemia. Although rosmarinic acid is readily absorbed by human body, its mechanism after consumption is remained unclear. Intensive studies should be well planned to determine the dosage and toxicity level of rosmarinic acid for efficacy and safe consumption.
Grape Seed and Tea Extracts and Catechin 3-Gallates Are Potent Inhibitors of α-Amylase and α-Glucosidase Activity; This study evaluated the inhibitory effects of plant-based extracts (grape seed, green tea, and white tea) and their constituent flavan-3-ol monomers (catechins) on alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase activity, two key glucosidases required for starch digestion in humans. To evaluate the relative potency of extracts and catechins, their concentrations required for SO and 90% inhibition of enzyme activity were determined and compared to the widely used pharmacological glucosidase inhibitor, acarbose. Maximum enzyme inhibition was used to assess relative inhibitory efficacy. Results showed that grape seed extract strongly inhibited both alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase activity, with equal and much higher potency, respectively, than acarbose. Whereas tea extracts and catechin 3-gallates were less effective inhibitors of alpha-amylase, they were potent inhibitors of alpha-glucosidase. Nongallated catechins were ineffective. The data show that plant extracts containing catechin 3-gallates, in particular epigallocatechin gallate, are potent inhibitors of alpha-glucosidase activity and suggest that procyanidins in grape seed extract strongly inhibit alpha-amylase activity.
Metabolic characteristics of breakfast-vegetarian (BV) elderly people in rural Taiwan; Breakfast-vegetarianism (BV) is a special dietary habit in Chinese society, which is related to religious beliefs rather than health concerns. The purpose of this study was to compare metabolic characteristics of community-living middle-aged and elderly BV and non-vegetarians (NVs) in Taiwan. In 2000, people aged over 40 in I-Lan County were invited for study. In total, 367 people (mean age: 62.0 +/- 11.2 years, 57.8% female) participated in this study and 68 of them were BV. The BV subjects were less likely to consume oily food (29.4% vs. 43.1%, p = 0.025), to smoke (5.9% vs. 23.1%. p < 0.001) and to habitually consume alcohol (2.9% vs. 19.1%. p < 0.001). Compared with NVs, the BVs were more prone to be females (86.8% vs. 44.7%, p < 0.001), having lower glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (64.5 +/- 13.7 vs. 69.9 +/- 14.6 ml/(kg min), p = 0.006), higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (69.1% vs. 45.8%, p < 0.001) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (44.1% vs. 22.7%, p < 0.001). By using logistic regression, females and chronic kidney disease were independently associated with the breakfast-vegetarianism. In conclusion, Taiwanese BVs seemed to lead a healthier life, but their metabolic characteristics were not significantly different from the NVs. Outcome study is needed to clarify the impact of BV habits on health. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved
A randomized clinical trial of a standard versus vegetarian diet for weight loss: the impact of treatment preference; Background: With obesity rampant, methods to achieve sustained weight loss remain elusive. Objective: To compare the long-term weight-loss efficacy of 2 cal and fat-restricted diets, standard (omnivorous) versus lacto-ovo-vegetarian, and to determine the effect of a chosen diet versus an assigned diet. Design, subjects: A randomized clinical trial was conducted with 176 adults who were sedentary and overweight (mean body mass index, 34.0 kg/m(2)). Participants were first randomly assigned to either receive their preferred diet or be assigned to a diet group and second, were given their diet of preference or randomly assigned to a standard weight-loss diet or a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet. Participants underwent a university-based weight-control program consisting of daily dietary and exercise goals plus 12 months of behavioral counseling followed by a 6-month maintenance phase. Measurements: Percentage change in body weight, body mass index, waist circumference, low- and high-density lipoprotein, glucose, insulin and macronutrient intake. Results: The program was completed by 132 (75%) of the participants. At 18 months, mean percentage weight loss was greater (P = 0.01) in the two groups that were assigned a diet (standard, 8.0% (s.d., 7.8%); vegetarian, 7.9% (s.d., 8.1%)) than in those provided the diet of their choice (standard, 3.9% (s.d., 6.1%); vegetarian, 5.3% (s.d., 6.2%)). No difference was observed in weight loss between the two types of diet. Over the 18-month program, all groups showed significant weight loss. Conclusions: Participants assigned to their dietary preference did not have enhanced treatment outcomes. However, all groups lost weight with losses ranging from 4 to 8% at 18 months.
Herbal Approach for Management of Atherosclerosis: a Review; Purpose of ReviewSummarize of the reports on antioxidants especially from herbal sources which battle oxidative stress might be proficient to forestall and repair the free radical-prompted vascular damages in overseeing of atherosclerosis.Recent FindingsAtherosclerosis is the one of the fundamental reason for hypertension, stroke, myocardial localized necrosis, and numerous other cardiovascular illnesses. Atherosclerosis associated path physiological factors like hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and smoking actuates oxidative stress which are characterized by excessive oxidation and improper exclusion. The herbal plant-based antioxidant agents are effective towards the management/treatment of atherosclerosis by different ways like, by diminishing the oxidation of low-density lipoproteins, diminishing the cell proliferation, restraining the foam cell arrangement, and advancing the reverse cholesterol transport, down regulation of pro-atherogenic genes, and inflammatory mediators.SummaryThis review is a critical analysis about the role of oxidative stress in atherogenesis and furthermore outlines the ongoing study/examination done on the management of atherosclerosis by utilizing herbal antioxidant agents.
Therapeutic potential of seabuckthorn: a patent review (2000-2018); Introduction: Seabuckthorn (SBT) has received worldwide attention for therapeutic, nutraceutical and cosmetic purposes. It is used for the treatment of a number of diseases. Hundreds of commercial products containing SBT are available in the market. Areas covered: This review article covers patents on the therapeutic potential of SBT and its chemical constituents. The therapeutic areas covered in this review include cancer, cardiovascular, diabetes, inflammation, anti-oxidant, and anti-microbial. The patents were searched through Sci-finder, Espacenet, Google Patent, and US Patent. Expert opinion: Plant-based drugs have played an important role in the modern drug industry. Since ancient times, SBT has been used to cure several ailments. SBT has emerged as an important plant, which has been investigated for numerous pharmacological properties and shown to be beneficial in a number of therapeutic areas. Several clinical trials have demonstrated the therapeutic potential of SBT for the treatment of many diseases including cardiovascular, inflammation, diabetes, platelet inhibition, etc. There is huge potential for developing standardized herbal products from different parts of SBT.
Traditional medicines used by Pakistani migrants from Mirpur living in Bradford, Northern England; Background: Despite the increasing relevance of trans-cultural healthcare issues in public health policies, knowledge is stilt very restricted about migrant communities' perceptions and use of traditional medicines (TMs) within multicultural societies in Western countries. In this field study, an in-depth study was carried out of the herbal drugs still in use among Pakistani migrants from Mirpur living in Bradford, in the north of England. Objectives: To record TMs known and stilt used among Pakistani migrants from Mirpur presently living in Bradford; to assess the degree of overlapping between food and medicine in the provision of healthcare within domestic arenas among this community; to analyse how knowledge of TMs is changing among different generations and among the different waves of migrants who have moved from Pakistan to Bradford in the last few decades. Methods: Semi-structured and focus-groups interviews with 37 members of the community, as well as other standard techniques of the ethnobiological investigations: free-listing, participant observation, and the collection and identification of the relevant plant material. Results: TMs are stilt very popular amongst Pakistani migrants in Bradford, and are regularly delivered in domestic arenas. Two-thirds of the interviewees declared that they prefer TM treatments to conventional Western medicine. Fifty-six different remedies, mainly plant-based, are stilt used nowadays, and more than half of the recorded remedies represent food-medicines. However, knowledge of Mirpuri TMs is decreasing amongst the younger generations, and the level of knowledge of TMs seems to be dependent on the length of time since the migration from Pakistan took place. Conclusion: Public health policies and strategies aimed at improving migrants' health should take into account the perception and acceptance of plant-based TMs within domestic arenas among Pakistani migrants, and especially their use against diabetes. Concerns about eventual toxicity and side effects of traditional herbal drugs, as welt as their interaction with pharmaceuticals, should be carefully considered, since a few of the herbal drugs quoted in this survey are little known in Western herbalism and in modern evidence-based phytotherapy. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Antidiabetic property of <i>Aerva lanata</i> (L.) Juss. ex Schult. is mediated by inhibition of alpha glucosidase, protein glycation and stimulation of adipogenesis; BackgroundDiabetes is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality, with a number currently diagnosed as high as 371 million. Plant-based therapy could be an ideal choice because of fewer side-effects and wider acceptability. Hence, the antihyperglycemic potential of Aerva lanata, a herb prescribed for diabetes in Ayurveda was evaluated to elucidate its possible mechanism of action. MethodsHigh performance liquid chromatography analysis was used for the characterization of 70% ethanolic (aqueous leaf extract [ALE]) and ethyl acetate (AEA) extracts. Further, they were evaluated for their antioxidant, inhibition of alpha glucosidase, protein glycation dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP IV), protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) and stimulation of glucose uptake and glitazone like property (adipogenic potential) using in vitro models. The promising alpha glucosidase inhibitory potential of ALE was further evaluated in normal and streptozotocin (STZ) diabetic rats. ResultsALE inhibited yeast (IC50 - 81.76g/mL) and rat intestinal alpha glucosidase (IC50 - 108.7g/mL), protein glycation, DPP IV enzyme (IC50 - 118.62g/mL) and PTP1B (IC50 - 94.66g/mL). ALE stimulated maximal adipogenesis at 50g/mL and enhanced insulin mediated glucose uptake (threefold of basal) at 100g/mL in L6 myotubes. ALE (500mg/kg b.w.) showed a significant antihyperglycemic activity in sucrose loaded STZ normal (15.57%) and diabetic (18.44%) rats. HPLC analysis of ALE revealed the presence of bioactives like alpha amyrin, betulin and beta sitosterol. ConclusionsAlpha glucosidase inhibition, antiglycation, and adipogenic potential significantly contribute to the antidiabetic property of Aerva lanata. In addition, insulin sensitization and antioxidant potential also enhance its therapeutic potential.
Phytochemical Analysis, <i>in</i> <i>vitro</i> Antioxidant Activity and Inhibition of Key Diabetic Enzymes by Selected Nigerian Medicinal Plants with Antidiabetic Potential; Background: Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders worldwide and the disease is generally believed to be incurable. However, the historical success of natural products as therapeutic agents has led to the search for more herbs with antidiabetic potential. Aim: To investigate the antioxidative and antidiabetic activities of some common medicinal plants traditionally used to treat diabetes in Nigeria. Materials and Methods: Twenty one plant samples comprising leaves, seeds and stem bark were separately extracted using three solvents of increasing polarity namely ethanol, methanol and distilled water. The extracts were subsequently screened for their phenolic profile, ferric reducing power as well as inhibition of alpha-amylase and haemoglobin glycosylation activities as markers of in vitro antidiabetic activity. Results: Solvents extracts of 7 out of the 21 plants examined namely Anacardium occidentate (leaf), Carica papaya (leaf), Ficus asperifolia (leaf), Hibiscus sabdariffa (stem bark), Khaya senega/ensis (stem bark), Ocimum gratissimum (leaf) and Parkia biglobosa (stem bark) had significant concentrations of total polyphenol and flavonoid compared to the other plants. Similarly, for all the in vitro models used in this study, the same set of plants demonstrated significantly (p < 0.05) higher effects which were comparable to ascorbic acid, acarbose and gallic acid. Conclusion: Findings from this study indicate strong correlation between polyphenolic concentration and antidiabetic activity. The study also confirmed the potential of some Nigerian herbs in antidiabetic drug discovery; and identified a number of promising plants for further in vivo investigation as plant-based antidiabetic agents.
Therapeutic Potential of Quercetin to Decrease Blood Pressure: Review of Efficacy and Mechanisms; Epidemiological studies beginning in the 1990s have reported that intake of quercetin, a polyphenolic flavonoid found in a wide variety of plant-based foods, such as apples, onions, berries, and red wine, is inversely related to cardiovascular disease. More recent work using hypertensive animals and humans (>140 mm Hg systolic and >90 mm Hg diastolic) indicates a decrease in blood pressure after quercetin supplementation. A number of proposed mechanisms may be responsible for the observed blood pressure decrease such as antioxidant effects, inhibition of angiotensin-converting enzyme activity, and improved endothelium-dependent and -independent function. The majority of these mechanisms have been identified using animal models treated with quercetin, and relatively few have been corroborated in human studies. The purpose of this review is to examine the evidence supporting the role of quercetin as a potential therapeutic agent and the mechanisms by which quercetin might exert its blood pressure lowering effect. Adv. Nutr. 3: 39-46, 2012.
Secondary metabolite credentials of <i>Evolvulus alsinoides</i> by high performance thin layer chromatography (HPTLC); Plants and plant-based products are the bases of many modern pharmaceuticals that are current in use today for various diseases. The aim of the study was to investigate the biochemical constituents and high performance thin layer chromatography (HPTLC) finger printing of the ethanolic extract of Evolvulus alsinoides. Phytochemical screening was done by standard procedures and HPTLC method was also established to analyze alkaloids, flavonoids and phenolic compounds from the ethanolic extract of Evolvulus alsinoides. Preliminary phytochemical screening showed that ethanol extracted more secondary metabolites than other solvents. HPTLC fingerprinting analysis showed the presence of various alkaloids, flavonoids and phenols (quercetin) in the ethanolic extract. It can be concluded that Evolvulus alsinoides may serve as a source of potent antioxidants that may be used in the prevention of various diseases such as cancer, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases due to the presence of phenolic compounds. HPTLC finger print of Evolvulus alsinoides may be useful in the differentiation of the species from adulterants and act as a biochemical marker for this medicinally important plant in the pharmaceutical industry and plant systematic studies.
Screening native botanicals for bioactivity: An interdisciplinary approach; Objective: Plant-based therapies have been used in medicine throughout recorded history. Information about the therapeutic properties of plants often can be found in local cultures as folk medicine is communicated from one generation to the next. The aim of this study was to identify native Louisiana plants from Creole folk medicine as a potential source of therapeutic compounds for the treatment of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and related disorders. Methods: We used an interdisciplinary approach combining expertise in disciplines ranging from cultural anthropology and botany to biochemistry and endocrinology to screen native southwest Louisiana plants. Translation of accounts of Creole folk medicine yielded a list of plants with documented use in treating a variety of conditions, including inflammation. These plants were collected, vouchered, and catalogued before extraction of soluble components. Extracts were analyzed for bioactivity in regulating inflammatory responses in macrophages or fatty acid-induced insulin resistance in C2C12 skeletal muscle cells. Results: Several extracts altered gene expression of inflammatory markers in macrophages. Multiplex analysis of kinase activation in insulin-signaling pathways in skeletal muscle also identified a subset of extracts that alter insulin-stimulated protein kinase B phosphorylation in the presence of fatty-acid-induced insulin resistance. Conclusion: An interdisciplinary approach to screening botanical sources of therapeutic agents can be successfully applied to identify native plants used in folk medicine as potential sources of therapeutic agents in treating insulin resistance in skeletal muscle or inflammatory processes associated with obesity-related insulin resistance. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cichoric acid regulates the hepatic glucose homeostasis <i>via</i> AMPK pathway and activates the antioxidant response in high glucose-induced hepatocyte injury; Cichoric acid (CA), a plant-based nutraceutical, is extracted from Echinacea purpurea and other edible plants and vegetables and exhibits multiple biological functions, including antioxidant and hypoglycemic effects. The objective of this study was to determine the effect of CA on the energy regulation pathways and the antioxidant response system in insulin resistance and diabetes-induced hepatic injury and the underlying molecular mechanisms. The streptozotocin-induced diabetic C57BL/6J mice and glucosamine-induced HepG2 cells were observed to evaluate the hepatic protective effects of CA. Compared to the control, CA (60 mg kg(-1) d(-1), in drinking water for 4 weeks) inhibited hepatic injury and chronic inflammation in diabetic mice via antioxidant defence and regulated the balance of gluconeogenesis and glycolysis. CA (100 mu M) regulated glucose metabolism and activated antioxidant response in glucosamine-induced HepG2 cells. CA increased the phosphorylation of the AMP-activated protein kinase and glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta and stimulated glycogen synthesis and glucose uptake. CA also activated the Nrf2-Keap1 pathway and increased the antioxidant enzyme expression. CA is a potential natural nutraceutical for regulating hepatic glucose homeostasis and antioxidant response, which improved insulin resistance and hepatic injury in diabetes.
PHYTOCHEMICAL SCREENING AND ANTIOXIDANT ACTIVITY OF AERIAL PART EXTRACTS OF <i>CYCLEA PELTATA</i>; In recent years, there is an increasing interest in finding antioxidant phytochemicals for the prevention and treatment of complex diseases like diabetes, cancer, and atherosclerosis, which are associated with excessive biological oxidative stress. Plants are rich source of natural antioxidants that inhibit the propagation of free radical reactions and protect the human body from degenerative diseases. For the present study, entire vine (aerial part) of Cyclea peltata was selected based on their extensive use in folk medicine and ayurvedic medicine to cure various ailments. Hexane. chloroform, ethyl acetate. methanol and water extracts of Cyclea peltata were subjected to various in-vitro antioxidant activity studies. In most of the antioxidant parameters. ethyl acetate and methanol extracts showed potent activity and chloroform extract showed minimum antioxidant activity. From these studies. it can be concluded that ethyl acetate and methanol extracts of Cyclea peltata could be used as a source of potent natural antioxidant that can be used in various plant-based drugs or formulations for the treatment of complex diseases caused due to excessive biological oxidative stress.
Dietary Polyphenols and PeriodontitisA Mini-Review of Literature; Periodontitis, which is a chronic infection and disease of the periodontium, is a significant global health burden and is linked to other chronic health conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Dietary polyphenols present in a wide variety of plant-based foods, herbs, and botanicals have been shown to exert antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, and reduced osteoclast and alveolar bone loss activities in animal models of periodontitis. Polyphenol-containing beverages and foods especially green tea and its active catechin epigallocatechin-3-gallate, cranberries, pomegranates, and fruit and vegetable extracts have reported bacteriostatic/bactericidal activity against microbial species such as P. gingivalis and shown total bacterial burden in clinical studies. These polyphenols also exhibit anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects, which have the potential to impact various biological mechanisms for reducing the initiation and progression of periodontitis. The main objective of this mini-review is to focus on the mechanisms of action of dietary polyphenols in improving the pathophysiology underlying chronic inflammatory diseases like periodontitis based on pre-clinical and clinical models.
<i>In vitro</i> macrophage activation: A technique for screening anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and anticancer activity of phytomolecules; Macrophage activation plays a significant role in homeostasis of organisms. Various internal and external stress factors may affect their function, leading to adverse effects on the body. 'In vitro macrophage activation techniques provide us with a window to understand the mechanisms of inflammation and response of macrophages to the modulating interventions. Apart from infectious diseases, inflammation is also the major culprit in pathogenesis of many noncommunicable diseases such as arthritis, obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, cancer, cardiovascular disease etc. In vitro macrophage activation allows us to study the role of polarized macrophages in the process of pathogenesis. This emerging technique leads to newer diagnostics, understanding pathophysiological mechanism/s, drug development and management of chronic inflammatory diseases. We, at MRC-KHS, use this technique for screening of medicinal plant-derived phytomolecules for their anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and anticancer activities. This review briefly outlines the different experimental models of in vitro macrophage activation and their applications for understanding the pathophysiological mechanisms of underlying chronic inflammation and screening of therapeutic activity of plant-based phytomolecules.
Pharmacological characterization of liquiritigenin, a chiral flavonoid in licorice; Liquiritigenin is a chiral flavonoid present in plant based food, nutraceuticals, and traditional medicines. It is also an important ingredient present in licorice. The purpose of this study is to explore the pharmacological activity of racemic liquiritigenin utilizing several in vitro assays with relevant roles in colon cancer and diabetes. Where possible, the pure enantiomers were tested to identify the stereospecific contribution to the activity. In vitro antioxidant, anticancer, anti-inflammatory activities (cyclooxygenase inhibition), antidiabetic activities (alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase inhibition) as well as cytochrome P450 (CYP450) inhibitory activities were assessed. Racemic liquiritigenin demonstrated a dose-dependent inhibition of alpha-amylase enzyme whereas its pure enantiomers did not. Racemic liquiritigenin showed moderate antiproliferative activity on a HT-29 (human colorectal adenocarcinoma) cancer cell line that was dose-dependent and potent inhibitory effects on the cyclooxygenase-2 enzyme. The flavonoid did not inhibit the activity of cytochrome CYP2D6 over the concentration range studied but was a potent antioxidant. The current study demonstrated the importance of understanding the stereospecific pharmacological effects of liquiritigenin enantiomers in alpha-amylase inhibition.
Independent and combined effects of dietary iron composition and selected risk factors on the risk of NAFLD in a Chinese population; Iron is an essential mineral required for most forms of life. However, very little is known in relation to the different forms of dietary iron on the development of NAFLD. The aims of this study were to investigate the effects of iron intake from different food types on risk of NAFLD and whether this effect may be modified by other factors. We conducted a hospital-based case-control study including 1,273 NAFLD cases and 1,273 gender and age-matched controls. We conducted in-person interviews while participants completed a questionnaire on food habits. We assessed animal- and plant-derived intake of iron and fat. We observed that animal-derived iron intake (> 4.16 mg/day) was positively associated with augmented NAFLD risk in a Chinese population (ORadjusted = 1.66 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-2.73). In contrast, a high consumption of iron (> 16.87 mg/day) from plant-based foods was associated with a decreased NAFLD risk (ORadjusted = 0.61 in the highest quartile compared with the lowest; 95% CI = 0.40-0.935). In addition, high intake of fat or being overweight may exacerbate this effect. Reduced consumption of iron and fat from animal sources could reduce NAFLD risk, as would weight loss.
The low-AGE content of low-fat vegan diets could benefit diabetics - though concurrent taurine supplementation may be needed to minimize endogenous AGE production; Increased endogenous generation of advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) contributes importantly to the vascular complications of diabetes, in part owing to activation of the pro-inflammatory RAGE receptor. However, AGE-altered oligopeptides with RAGE-activating potential can also be absorbed from the diet, and indeed make a significant contribution to the plasma and tissue pool of AGEs; this contribution is especially prominent when compromised renal function impairs renal clearance of AGEs. Perhaps surprisingly, foods rich in both protein and fat, and cooked at high heat, tend to be the richest dietary sources of AGEs, whereas low-fat carbohydrate-rich foods tend to be relatively low in AGEs. Conceivably, this reflects the fact that the so-called "AGEs" in the diet are generated primarily, not by glycation reactions, but by interactions between oxidized lipids and protein; such reactions are known to give rise to certain prominent AGEs, such as EN-carboxymethyl-lysine and methylglyoxal. Although roasted nuts and fried or broiled tofu are relatively high in AGEs, low-fat plant-derived foods, including boiled or baked beans, typically are low in AGEs. Thus, a tow-AGE content may contribute to the many benefits conferred to diabetics by a genuinely tow-fat vegan diet. Nonetheless, the plasma AGE content of healthy vegetarians has been reported to be higher than that of omnivores - suggesting that something about vegetarian diets may promote endogenous AGE production. Some researchers have proposed that the relatively high-fructose content of vegetarian diets may explain this phenomenon, but there so far is no clinical evidence that normal intakes of fructose have an important impact on AGE production. An alternative or additional possibility is that the relatively poor taurine status of vegetarians up-regulates the physiological role of myeloperoxidase-derived oxidants in the generation of AGEs - in which case, taurine supplementation might be expected to suppress elevated AGE production in vegetarians. Thus, a taurine supplemented low-fat vegan diet may be recommended as a strategy for minimizing AGE-mediated complications in diabetics and in patients with renal failure. (C) 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A Review on Antidiabetic Properties of Indian Mangrove Plants with Reference to Island Ecosystem; Mangrove ecosystem has many potential species that are traditionally used by the coastal communities for their traditional cure for health ailments as evidenced by their extensive uses to treat hepatic disorders, diabetes, gastrointestinal disorders, anti-inflammation, anticancer, and skin diseases, etc. In recent times, the diabetes mellitus (DM), a serious physiological disorder all over the world, occur due to the relative or complete deficiency of insulin in the body, characterized by an abnormally high blood glucose level. India has a rich traditional knowledge on plant-based drug formulations that are protective and curative for many health ailments. In this context, we aimed to compile the works done on the antidiabetic activities of mangrove species from Indian coastal regions especially on Andaman and Nicobar Islands as well as some recent works reported from other countries. A total of 126 published articles and 31 mangrove species related pieces of information were gathered with reference to antidiabetic properties of mangroves. This review summarizes the chemical structures, molecular formula, molecular weight, and their biological activities with an aspiration that it might be helpful for the future bioprospecting industries who are interested in develop the natural drugs for DM.
A comparison of heart rate variability, <i>n</i>-3 PUFA status and lipid mediator profile in age- and BMI-matched middle-aged vegans and omnivores; Low heart rate variability (HRV) predicts sudden cardiac death. Long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFA (C20-C22) status is positively associated with HRV. This cross-sectional study investigated whether vegans aged 40-70 years (n 23), whose diets are naturally free from EPA (20 : 5n-3) and DHA (22 : 6n-3), have lower HRV compared with omnivores (n 24). Proportions of LC n-3 PUFA in erythrocyte membranes, plasma fatty acids and concentrations of plasma LC n-3 PUFA-derived lipid mediators were significantly lower in vegans. Day-time interbeat intervals (IBI), adjusted for physical activity, age, BMI and sex, were significantly shorter in vegans compared with omnivores (mean difference -67 ms; 95% CI -130, -3.4, P < 0.05), but there were no significant differences over 24 h or during sleep. Vegans had higher overall HRV, measured as 24 h standard deviation of normal-to-normal intervals (SDNN) (mean adjusted difference 27 ms; 95% CI 1, 52, P = 0.039). Conversely, vegans presented with decreased 8 h day-time HRV: mean adjusted difference in SDNN -20 ms; 95% CI -37, -3, P = 0.021, with no differences during nocturnal sleep. Day-time parameters of beat-to-beat HRV (root of the mean of the sum of the squares of differences between adjacent normal-to-normal intervals, percentage of adjacent normal-to-normal intervals that differ by > 50% and high-frequency power) were similarly lower in vegans, with no differences during sleep. In conclusion, vegans have higher 24 h SDNN, but lower day-time HRV and shorter daytime IBI relative to comparable omnivores. Vegans may have reduced availability of precursor markers for pro-resolving lipid mediators; it remains to be determined whether there is a direct link with impaired cardiac function in populations with low-n-3 status.
Comparison of sex hormonal and metabolic profiles between omnivores and vegetarians in pre- and post-menopausal women; The purpose of the present study was to investigate the sex hormonal and metabolic profiles in vegetarians and compare these with the profiles in omnivores. The design of the present study was cross-sectional. The study sample of pre- and post-menopausal women included forty-one omnivores and twenty-one vegetarians. Thereafter we determined: (1) plasma sex hormones, (2) fasting insulin, NEFA as well as apo-A and apo-B, (3) BMI, (4) a dietary profile (3 d dietary records), (5) physical activity and (6) total faecal excretion per 72 h and total urinary excretion per 72 h. Vegetarians showed higher levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), apo-A, total faecal excretion per 72 h and total fibre intake as well as lower levels of apo-B, free oestradiol, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-s) and BMI. Interestingly, after controlling for BMI, significant differences between groups still persisted except for apo-B. Moreover, stepwise regression analysis showed that total fibre intake explained 15.2 % of the variation in SHBG in our cohort, which accounted for the greatest source of unique variance. Results of the present study indicate that pre- and post-menopausal vegetarians present higher concentrations of SHBG, which could be explained, in part, by higher levels of fibre intake. This may explain, at least in part, the lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Meat and human health: excess and errors; Many studies have examined the influence of meat consumption on human health. Meat eaters have a higher body mass index and more weight gain than vegetarians. The risk of type 2 diabetes has also been linked to high meat consumption. However, the statistical correlations with these metabolic disorders are weak. There is inconsistent evidence of a higher cardiovascular risk. A link between high meat consumption and cancer, particularly colorectal cancer, has been observed in nearly all epidemiological studies. Some studies have also shown a link with breast, prostate and lung cancer. The mode of cooking could be partly responsible for this effect, due for example to heterocyclic aromatic amines production during grilling and intensive cooking. Advices are given.
Cross-sectional analyses of participation in cancer screening and use of hormone replacement therapy and medications in meat eaters and vegetarians: the EPIC-Oxford study; Objectives To examine differences in health-related behaviours such as screening or testing for cancer, use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and use of other medications in different diet groups. Design We studied 31 260 participants across four diet groups (18 155 meat eaters, 5012 fish eaters, 7179 vegetarians, 914 vegans) in the UK EPIC-Oxford cohort. Information was collected in 5-year (around 2000-2003) or 10-year (around 2007) follow-up questionnaires regarding participation in breast screening, cervical screening, prostate-specific antigen (PSA) testing, use of HRT and use of medications for the past 4 weeks. Using Poisson regression, we estimated the prevalence ratios (PR) for each behaviour across people of different diet groups, using meat eaters as the reference group. Results Compared with meat eaters, vegetarian (PR: 0.94, 95% CI 0.89 to 0.98) and vegan (PR: 0.82, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.95) women reported lower participation in breast screening, and vegetarian men were less likely to report PSA testing (PR: 0.82, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.96). No differences were observed among women for cervical screening. In women, all non-meat-eating groups reported lower use of HRT compared with meat eaters (P heterogeneity <0.0001). Lower reported use of any medication was observed for participants in all non-meat-eating groups with no (P<0.0001) or one (P=0.0002) self-reported illness. No heterogeneity was observed across the diet groups for the reported use of specific medication for high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, asthma, diabetes and thyroid disease. Conclusions Differences in self-reported breast screening, PSA testing, HRT use and overall medication use were observed across the diet groups. Whether such differences contribute to differential long-term disease risks requires further study.
Hop and Acacia Phytochemicals Decreased Lipotoxicity in 3T3-L1 Adipocytes, <i>db/db</i> Mice, and Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome; The plant-based compounds rho-iso-alpha acids (RIAA) from Humulus lupulus (hops) and proanthocyanidins (PAC) from Acacia nilotica have been shown to modulate insulin signaling in vitro. We investigated their effects on triglyceride (TG) deposition in 3T3-L1 adipocytes, glucose and insulin in obese mouse models, and metabolic syndrome markers in adults with metabolic syndrome. The combination of RIAA and PAC synergistically increased TG content and adiponectin secretion in 3T3-L1 adipocytes under hyperinsulinemic conditions and reduced glucose or insulin in obese mice. In a clinical trial, tablets containing 100 mg RIAA and 500 mg PAC or placebo were administered to metabolic syndrome subjects (3 tablets/day, n = 35; 6 tablets/day, n = 34; or placebo, n = 35) for 12 weeks. Compared to placebo, subjects taking 3 tablets daily showed greater reductions in TG, TG : HDL, fasting insulin, and HOMA scores. The combination of RIAA : PAC at 1 : 5 (wt : wt) favorably modulates dysregulated lipids in insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome.
Post-Stroke Depression Modulation and <i>in Vivo</i> Antioxidant Activity of Gallic Acid and Its Synthetic Derivatives in a Murine Model System; Gallic acid (3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoic acid, GA) is a plant secondary metabolite, which shows antioxidant activity and is commonly found in many plant-based foods and beverages. Recent evidence suggests that oxidative stress contributes to the development of many human chronic diseases, including cardiovascular and neurodegenerative pathologies, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cancer. GA and its derivative, methyl-3-O-methyl gallate (M3OMG), possess physiological and pharmacological activities closely related to their antioxidant properties. This paper describes the antidepressive-like effects of intraperitoneal administration of GA and two synthetic analogues, M3OMG and P3OMG (propyl-3-O-methylgallate), in balb/c mice with post-stroke depression, a secondary form of depression that could be due to oxidative stress occurring during cerebral ischemia and the following reperfusion. Moreover, this study determined the in vivo antioxidant activity of these compounds through the evaluation of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (Cat) activity, thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and reduced glutathione (GSH) levels in mouse brain. GA and its synthetic analogues were found to be active (at doses of 25 and 50 mg/kg) in the modulation of depressive symptoms and the reduction of oxidative stress, restoring normal behavior and, at least in part, antioxidant endogenous defenses, with M3OMG being the most active of these compounds. SOD, TBARS, and GSH all showed strong correlation with behavioral parameters, suggesting that oxidative stress is tightly linked to the pathological processes involved in stroke and PSD. As a whole, the obtained results show that the administration of GA, M3OMG and P3OMG induce a reduction in depressive symptoms and oxidative stress.
Multicenter Assessment of Animal-free Collagenase AF-1 for Human Islet Isolation; Animal-free (AF) SERVA Collagenase AF-1 and Neutral Protease (NP) AF GMP Grade have recently become available for human islet isolation. This report describes the initial experiences of 3 different islet transplant centers. Thirty-four human pancreases were digested using 1 vial of the 6 different lots of Collagenase AF-1 (2,000-2,583 PZ-U/vial) supplemented with 4 different lots of NP AF in a range of 50 to 160 DMC-U per pancreas. Isolation, culture, and quality assessment were performed using standard techniques as previously described. All data are presented as mean +/- standard error of the mean (SEM). Variability of pancreas weight was associated with a wide range of collagenase and NP activities, ranging from 12.7 to 46.6 PZ-U/g (26.0 +/- 1.5 PZ-U/g) and 0.4 to 3.0 DMC-U/g (1.5 +/- 0.1 DMC-U/g), respectively. Postpurification islet yield was 296,494 +/- 33,620 islet equivalents (IEQ) equivalent to 3,274 +/- 450 IEQ/g with a purity of 55.9% +/- 3.2%. Quality assessment performed after 2 to 4 d of culture demonstrated a viability of 88.1% +/- 1.5% and a stimulation index of 3.7 +/- 0.7. Eighteen of the 34 preparations were transplanted into type 1 diabetic patients equivalent to a transplantation rate of 52.9%. Six preparations, which were infused into patients as first transplant, could be analyzed and increased the fasting C-peptide level from 0.11 +/- 0.08 pretransplant to 1.23 +/- 0.24 and 2.27 +/- 0.31 ng/mL 3 and 6 mo posttransplant (P < 0.05), respectively. Insulin requirements were simultaneously reduced at the same time from 39.2 +/- 3.8 IU/d before transplantation to 10.8 +/- 4.1 and 4.0 +/- 2.3 IU/d, after 3 and 6 mo posttransplant (P < 0.05), respectively. This study demonstrates the efficiency of AF SERVA Collagenase AF-1 and NP AF for clinical islet isolation and transplantation. The new plant-based production process makes these products a safe new option for the islet field.
Effect of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate on glucose-induced human serum albumin glycation; (-)-Epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCg) is a naturally occurring polyphenol found in plant-based foods and beverages such as green tea. Although EGCg can eliminate carbonyl species produced by glucose autoxidation and thus can inhibit protein glycation, it is also reported to be a pro-oxidant that stimulates protein glycation in vitro. To better understand the balance between antioxidant and pro-oxidant features of EGCg, we evaluated EGCg-mediated bioactivities in a human serum albumin (HSA)/glucose model by varying three different parameters (glucose level, EGCg concentration, and time of exposure to EGCg). Measurements of glycation-induced fluorescence, protein carbonyls, and electrophoretic mobility showed that the level of HSA glycation was positively related to the glucose level over the range 10-100 mM during a 21-day incubation at 37 degrees C and pH: 7.4. Under mild glycemic pressure (10 mM), long exposure to EGCg enhanced HSA glycation, while brief exposure to low concentrations of EGCg did not. Under high glycemic pressure (100 mM glucose), long exposure to EGCg inhibited glycation. For the first time we showed that brief exposure to EGCg reversed glycation-induced fluorescence, indicating a restorative effect. In conclusion, our research identified glucose level, EGCg concentration, and time of exposure as critical factors dictating EGCg bioactivities in HSA glycation. EGCg did not affect HSA glycation under normal physiological conditions but had a potential therapeutic effect on HSA severely damaged by glycation.
DEVELOPMENT AND VALIDATION OF Q-ABSORBANCE RATIO SPECTROPHOTO-METRIC METHOD FOR SIMULTANEOUS ESTIMATION OF MANGIFERIN AND BERBERIN HCl IN BULK AND SYNTHETIC MIXTURE; There are so many promising plant based chemical constituents are present which act as alternative therapy for the control of diabetes. But due to lack of its proper quality control parameters they are not widely used. The US FDA patent is approved for fixed dosage combination of Mangiferin (MF) and Berberin HCl (BER) as antidiabetic herbal formulation. Absorbance ratio method uses the ratio of absorbances at two selected wavelengths, one which is an iso-absorptive point and other being the lambda(max) of one of the two components. From the overlay spectra of two phytomarkers, it is evident that MF and BER show an iso-absorptive point at 317 nm. The second wavelength used is 257 nm, which is the lambda(max) of MF. The drug response with respect to absorbance was linear over the concentration range 5 - 30 mu g/ml for MF and 10 - 60 mu g/ml for BER. The percentage recovery of MF and BER as found to be 100.00% and 100.07% respectively. The method can be successfully employed for the simultaneous determination of MF and BER in pharmaceutical formulations. The developed method is validated as per ICH guideline Q2 (R1).
Lifestyle modification interventions differing in intensity and dietary stringency improve insulin resistance through changes in lipoprotein profiles; Objective Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance (IR) is an important risk factor for type-2 diabetes and coronary artery disease (CAD). The aim of this study was to determine if clinical lifestyle interventions differing in scope and intensity improve IR, defined by the lipoprotein IR (LPIR) score, in individuals differing in the severity of metabolic dysfunction. Methods Subjects with diagnosed type-2 diabetes, CAD or significant risk factors participated in one of two clinical lifestyle modification interventions: (i) intensive non-randomized programme with a strict vegetarian diet (n = 90 participants, 90 matched controls) or (ii) moderate randomized trial following a Mediterranean-style diet (n = 89 subjects, 58 controls). On-treatment and intention-to-treat analyses assessed changes over 1 year in LPIR, lipoprotein profiles and metabolic risk factors in intervention participants and controls in both programmes. Results In the on-treatment analysis, both interventions led to weight loss: [-8.9% (95% CI, -10.3 to -7.4), intensive programme; -2.8% (95% CI, -3.8 to -1.9), moderate programme; adjusted P<0.001] and a decrease in the LPIR score [-13.3% (95% CI, -18.2 to -8.3), intensive; -8.8% (95% CI, -12.9 to -4.7), moderate; adjusted P<0.01] compared with respective controls. Of the six lipoprotein parameters comprising LPIR, only large very-low-density lipoprotein particle concentrations decreased significantly in participants compared with controls in both programmes [-26.3% (95% CI, -43.0 to -9.6), intensive; -14.2% (95% CI, -27.4 to -1.0), moderate; P<0.05]. Intention-to-treat analysis confirmed and strengthened the primary results. Conclusion A stringent lifestyle modification intervention with a vegetarian diet and a moderate lifestyle modification intervention following a Mediterranean diet were both effective for improving IR defined by the LPIR score.
Factors affecting the antioxidant potential and health benefits of plant foods; Li, H., Tsao, R. and Deng, Z. 2012. Factors affecting the antioxidant potential and health benefits of plant foods. Can. J. Plant Sci. 92: 1101-1111. Phytochemicals, such as carotenoids, phenolics and glucosinolates, in plants and plant-based foods are able to reduce the incidence of non-communicable diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, stroke and different types of cancer due to their antioxidant potential. A brief summary of the in vitro and in vivo evidence and how post-harvest storage and processing conditions can affect the health benefits is presented in this review. Genetic, environmental conditions and physiological factors may modify the composition and amounts of these compounds present in plants, thus affecting the in vitro antioxidant activities. Such changes in combination with degradations after digestion can significantly affect the bioaccessibility and bioavailability of phytochemicals. The main objective of this review is to provide updated information on the effects of various factors such as genetics, environment, post-harvest storage and processing on the bioactive components, and knowledge of these factors can lead to multidisciplinary strategies to maximise the bioavailability and health potential of foods.
Alstonine as an Antipsychotic: Effects on Brain Amines and Metabolic Changes; Managing schizophrenia has never been a trivial matter. Furthermore, while classical antipsychotics induce extrapyramidal side effects and hyperprolactinaemia, atypical antipsychotics lead to diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, and weight gain. Moreover, even with newer drugs, a sizable proportion of patients do not show significant improvement. Alstonine is an indole alkaloid identified as the major component of a plant-based remedy used in Nigeria to treat the mentally ill. Alstonine presents a clear antipsychotic profile in rodents, apparently with differential effects in distinct dopaminergic pathways. The aim of this study was to complement the antipsychotic profile of alstonine, verifying its effects on brain amines in mouse frontal cortex and striatum. Additionally, we examined if alstonine induces some hormonal and metabolic changes common to antipsychotics. HPLC data reveal that alstonine increases serotonergic transmission and increases intraneuronal dopamine catabolism. In relation to possible side effects, preliminary data suggest that alstonine does not affect prolactin levels, does not induce gains in body weight, but prevents the expected fasting-induced decrease in glucose levels. Overall, this study reinforces the proposal that alstonine is a potential innovative antipsychotic, and that a comprehensive understanding of its neurochemical basis may open new avenues to developing newer antipsychotic medications.
Hydrocolloids in the digestive tract and related health implications; Hydrocolloids in the form of polymeric ingredients as well as natural biopolymer assemblies provide much of the macroscopic structure of foods. The controlled disassembly of hydrocolloid-structured foods in the digestive tract determines numerous nutritional properties driven by the rates of passage, digestion, absorption, and fermentation. Despite convincing evidence for health benefits of hydrocolloids (particularly dietary fibre) from epidemiology, and numerous in vitro model system studies, the detailed underlying mechanisms operating in the digestive tract are currently understood to only a limited extent. Distinct hydrocolloid-based processes occur in each of the gastric, small intestinal and large intestinal environments, with significant biological cross-talk between the sites. Hydrocolloids offer a major opportunity to tailor nutritional value and provide potential health benefits through control of gastric emptying and ileal brake mechanisms (satiety and potentially obesity), glycemic response (diabetes), plasma cholesterol levels (cardiovascular disease), and carbohydrate fermentation throughout the large intestine (colon cancer). There is often a parallel between the functionality of the plant-based foods which the human digestive tract evolved to digest and the use of extracted hydrocolloids in modern food structuring technology. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Flexitarian Diets and Health: A Review of the Evidence-Based-Literature; A flexitarian or semi-vegetarian diet (SVD) is one that is primarily vegetarian with the occasional inclusion of meat or fish. Of late, there appears to be an increasing movement toward this practice. There has not been a recent update on these diets from a health perspective. Using the National Centre for Biotechnology Information PubMed database, a search was made for all studies published between 2000 and 2016 that met defined inclusion criteria. A total of 25 studies were located with 12 focusing on body weight and diet quality. There was emerging evidence suggestive of benefits for body weight, improved markers of metabolic health, blood pressure, and reduced risk of type 2 diabetes. SVD may also have a role to play in the treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases, such as Crohn's disease. Given that there is a higher tendency for females to be flexitarian yet males are more likely to overconsume meat, there is a clear need to communicate the potential health benefits of these diets to males.
A worksite programme significantly alters nutrient intakes; Objective: To examine whether a worksite nutrition programme using a low-fat vegan diet could significantly improve nutritional intake. Design: At two corporate sites of the Government Employees Insurance Company, employees who were either overweight (BMI >= 25kg/m(2)) and/or had type 2 diabetes participated in a 22-week worksite-based dietary intervention study. Setting: At the intervention site, participants were asked to follow a low-fat vegan diet and participate in weekly group meetings that included instruction and group support (intervention group). At the control site, participants received no instruction (control group). At weeks 0 and 22, participants completed 3 d dietary records to assess energy and nutrient intake. Subjects: A total of 109 participants (sixty-five intervention and forty-four control). Results: In the intervention group, reported intake of total fat, trans fat, saturated fat and cholesterol decreased significantly (P <= 0.001), as did energy and protein (P = 0.01), and vitamin B(12) (P = 0.002), compared with the control group. Intake (exclusive of any use of nutritional supplements) of carbohydrate, fibre, vitamin C, magnesium and potassium increased significantly (P <= 0.0001), as did that for beta-carotene (P = 0.0004), total vitamin A activity (P = 0.004), vitamin K (P = 0.01) and sodium (P = 0.04) in the intervention group, compared with the control group. Conclusions: The present study suggests that a worksite vegan nutrition programme increases intakes of protective nutrients, such as fibre, folate and vitamin C, and decreases intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol.
Effect of Polyphenolic Compounds from <i>Solanum torvum</i> on Plasma Lipid Peroxidation, Superoxide anion and Cytochrome P450 2E1 in Human Liver Microsomes; Previous studies presented evidence that plants contain antioxidants that have free radical-scavenging properties. Overproduction of free radicals leads to oxidative stress, a factor associated with a variety of diseases, such as diabetes. Cytochrome P450 2E1 enzymes (CYP2E1) are involved in drug metabolism in the liver and metabolism of DNA-reaction generating intra-mitochondrial ROS, which leads to micro-and macro-vascular pathology in diabetes. Plant-based chemicals can affect CYP2E1 enzymes and related defense mechanisms, possibly leading to protection against oxidative stress. We investigated the effect of Solanum torvum (ST) extracts on the inhibition of CYP2E1 activity in human liver microsomes. ST extract was analyzed for antioxidant activity by the ABTS method. Polyphenolic compounds were measured by the total phenol content using the Folin-Ciocalteau reagent. Flavonoid and tannin content were analyzed by standard methods. Oxidative stress was evaluated by measuring lipid peroxidation by TBARS and superoxide anion scavenging levels in plasma from diabetic patients. Results showed that 10 mg/ml of ST had CYP2E1 catalytic inhibiting activity (57.16 %). The IC50 value of CYP2E1 catalytic inhibiting activity level was 5.14 mg/ml by concentration in a dependent manner. One gram of concentrated ST extract had an antioxidant activity index of 3.68 mg of trolox and 360.53 mg of ascorbic acid equivalent. Effects on free radical-scavenging, as measured by TBARS and superoxide anion, showed IC50 values of 20.60 and 10.26 mu g/ml, respectively. Polyphenolic compounds found included phenol, flavonoid and tannin, measuring 160.30, 104.36 and 65.91 mg/g, respectively. These results imply that ST is a natural source of polyphenolic antioxidants, which have cytochrome P450 2E1 enzyme inhibiting and free radical scavenging properties, as related to lipid peroxidation and superoxide anion activity. ST could potentially be used for reducing oxidative stress in diabetes. Study for usage as a conventional medicine, including dosage and chronic toxicity in humans, should be pursued.
Cardiovascular risk factors in vegetarians:: Normalization of hyperhomocysteinemia with vitamin B<sub>12</sub> and reduction of platelet aggregation with n-3 fatty acids; Hyperhomocysteinemia in association with vitamin B-12 deficiency, and increased platelet aggregation, probably due to dietary lack of n-3 fatty acids, constitute cardiovascular risk factors frequently observed in vegetarians. We tested if administration of vitamin B-12 normalizes the concentration of total plasma homocysteine, and if intake of eicosapentaenoic (20:5n-3) and docosahexaenoic (22:6n-3) fatty acids modulates platelet function in a population of lactoovovegetarians. One week after a single intramuscular injection of cyanocobalamin (10000 mug) in 18 individuals, serum vitamin B-12 increased from 149+/-63 pg/mL to 532+/-204 pg/mL (p<0.0001) and total tHcy dropped from 12.4+/-4.7 to 7.9+/-3.1 <mu>mol/L (p<0.0001). Ten of fourteen of these vegetarians completed an 8-week supplementation with 700 mg/day of each eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids. Increased incorporation of these fatty acids into plasma lipids was observed in all of them, together with a significant reduction in maximum percentage or slope of platelet aggregation with all the agonists tested (ADP, epinephrin, collagen, arachidonic acid). No significant change in bleeding time was observed after n-3 fatty acid trial. Supplementation with vitamin B-12 and n-3 fatty acids corrects hyperhomocysteinemia and reduces platelet reactivity to agonists in vegetarians. Whether this supplementation improves the already reduced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality associated with vegetarian diet has yet to be demonstrated. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Meats, processed meats, obesity, weight gain and occurrence of diabetes among adults: Findings from Adventist Health Studies; Aim: To examine the relation between meat intake and diabetes occurrence in adults. Methods: In a prospective cohort study we examined the relation between diet and incident diabetes recorded among 8,401 cohort members (ages 45-88 years) of the Adventist Mortality Study and Adventist Health Study (California, USA) who were non-diabetic at baseline. During the 17-year follow-up, we identified 543 incident diabetes cases. Results: (1) Subjects who were weekly consumers of all meats were 29% (OR = 1.29; 95% CI 1.08, 1.55) more likely (relative to zero meat intake) to develop diabetes. (2) Subjects who consumed any processed meats (salted fish and frankfurters) were 38% (OR = 1.38; 95% CI 1.05-1.82) more likely to develop diabetes. (3) Long-term adherence (over a 17-year interval) to a diet that included at least weekly meat intake was associated with a 74% increase (OR = 1.74; 95% CI 1.36-2.22) in odds of diabetes relative to long-term adherence to a vegetarian diet (zero meat intake). Further analyses indicated that some of this risk may be attributable to obesity and/or weight gain-both of which were strong risk factors in this cohort. It is noteworthy that even after control for weight and weight change, weekly meat intake remained an important risk factor (OR = 1.38; 95% CI 1.06-1.08) for diabetes. Conclusions: Our findings raise the possibility that meat intake, particularly processed meats, is a dietary risk factor for diabetes. Copyright (C) 2008 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Response surface optimization of the process conditions for anti-diabetic compounds from <i>Cucumis sativus</i>; Presently, there is a growing interest in herbal remedies due to the side effects associated with the use of insulin and oral hypoglycaemic agents for diabetic patient. Therefore, an investigation is required in a bionetwork rich and industrially-developed country like Malaysia to use alternative approaches to treat diabetics, such as plant based medicine. In this study, Cucumis sativus was examined on the basis of its use in traditional medicines throughout Southeast Asia, to develop an understanding of the distribution and to give an assessment of the diversity present in the selected plant. beta-Glucosidase inhibitory activity reached the highest value of 96.81% at the optimum conditions of temperature, 25.66 degrees C; incubation time, 22.30 h; agitation speed, 125 rpm and volume of solvent, 15.6 ml. High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) analysis identified five compounds, out of which two were identified as p-coumaric and syringic acids, while the other three were unknown. These two phenolic acids are already known to have anti-diabetic properties from previous study. This potential plant with beta-glucosidase inhibitory activity could be a hope for millions for treatment of diabetes and will also help in reducing the dependence on synthetic drugs in the future.
ANTIHYPERGLYCEMIC AND GLYCOGENESIS EFFECTS OF DIFFERENT FRACTIONS OF <i>BRASSICA OLERACEA</i> IN ALLOXAN INDUCED DIABETIC RATS; The present work carried out the study to investigate the antihyperglycemic, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glycogenesis effects of the different fractions ( Petroleum ether, ethyl acetate and chloroform) of ethanolic extract of Brassica oleracea. The different fractions of the extract were administered intraperitoneally as a single dose of 150 mg/kg body weight to alloxan induced as well as glucose induced diabetic rats and found to reduce blood glucose level significantly (p< 0.05). The different fractions of Brassica oleracea to the alloxaninduced diabetic rats resulted in the significant elevation of liver glycogen content which was decreased by 49% in diabetic control. The plant fractions also improve the glucose tolerance in the glucose induced rats. The effects of plant fractions were compared with standard drug metformin. The phytochemical screening tests indicated that the different constituents such as saponins, tannins, triterpenes, alkaloids and flavonoids etc. were present in the plant which has antidiabetic and glycogenesis properties. Thus, this investigation paves the way for plant based diabetic treatment and indicates that various fractions (Petroleum ether, ethyl acetate and chloroform) of the methanolic extract of Brassica oleracea have favorable effect in bringing down the severity of diabetes, enhancing glycogenesis activity by increasing the cellular uptake of glucose and also improving glucose tolerance activity.
Potential Role of <i>Borreria hispida</i> in Ameliorating Cardiovascular Risk Factors; Borreria hispida (BHE), a weed of Rubiaceae family, is being used from time immemorial as an alternative therapy for diabetes. To evaluate the scientific background Of using BHE as therapy to reduce cardiovascular risk, a group of rats were given BHE for a period of 30 days, whereas control animals were given the vehicle only. The animals were sacrificed, the hearts were isolated, and perfused with buffer. All the hearts were subjected to 30-minute ischemia followed by 2-hour reperfusion. Compared with vehicle-treated rats, BHE-treated rat hearts showed improved post-ischemic ventricular function and exhibited reduced myocardial infarct size and cardiomyocyte apoptosis. The level of cytochrome c expression and caspase 3 activation was also reduced. BHE elevated antiapoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and heme oxygenase-1 and stimulated the phosphorylation of survival protein Akt simultaneously decreasing the apoptotic proteins Bax and Src. In addition, BHE enhanced the protein expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-delta, and Glut-4, probably revealing the antiobese and antidiabetic potential of BHE. These results indicate that treatment with BHE improves cardiac function and ameliorates various risk factors associated with cardiac disease, suggesting that BHE can be considered as a potential plant-based nutraceutical and pharmaceutical agent for the management of cardiovascular diseases.
COMPLEMENTARY THERAPEUTIC POTENTIAL: A FOCUS ON POLYHERBAL PRODUCTS IN HYPERGLYCEMIA; Nature has always been stands as a golden mark to amplify the outstanding phenomenon of symbiosis. Ayurvedic remedies for diabetes are usually mixed formulations containing blood sugar lowering herbs in combinations with immunomodulator, detoxicants with the rationale behind such formulations being provided by modern research. Polyherbal formulations have plant-based pharmacological agents which may exert synergistic, potentiative, agonistic antagonistic actions by virtue of its diverse active principles within themselves. These pharmacological principles work together in a dynamic way to produce maximum therapeutic efficiency with minimum side effects. Medicinal plants existing even before human being made their appearance on the earth. The development procedures of herbal drugs for world-wide use has to been different form that of synthetic drugs. The raw materials for Ayurvedic medicines were mostly obtained from plant sources in the form of crude drugs such as dried herbal powders or their extracts or mixture of products or mixture of product. Apart from these systems there has been a rich heritage of Ethno-botanical usage of herbs by various colorful tribal communities in the country. Hence, the present review provides the supportive evidence consideration of a therapeutic approach combining the beneficial effects of Polyherbal preparation in association with adaptive physical activity for effective management of diabetic complications.
Interaction between ascorbic acid and gallic acid in a model of fructose-mediated protein glycation and oxidation; Background: Dietary plant-based foods contain combinations of various bioactive compounds such as phytochemical compounds and vitamins. The combined effect of these vitamins and phytochemicals remains unknown, especially in the prevention of diabetes and its complications. The present study aimed to investigate the combined effect of ascorbic acid and gallic acid on fructose-induced protein glycation and oxidation. Results: Ascorbic acid (15 mu g/mL) and gallic acid (0.1 mu g/mL) reduced fructose-induced formation of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) in bovine serum albumin (BSA; 10 mg/mL) by 15.06% and 37.83%, respectively. The combination of ascorbic acid and gallic acid demonstrated additive inhibition on the formation of AGEs after 2 weeks of incubation. In addition, synergistic inhibition on the formation of amyloid cross-beta structure and protein carbonyl content in fructose-glycated BSA was observed. At the same concentration, the combination of ascorbic acid and gallic acid produced a significant additive effect on the 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging activity. Conclusion: Combining natural compounds such as ascorbic acid and gallic acid seems to be a promising strategy to prevent the formation of AGEs. (C) 2017 Pontificia Universidad Catolica de Valparaiso. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
ANTIDIABETIC AND GLYCOGENESIS EFFECTS OF DIFFERENT FRACTIONS OF METHANOLIC EXTRACT OF <i>MOMORDICA</i> <i>CHARANTIA</i> (LINN.) IN ALLOXAN INDUCED DIABETIC RATS; The study was undertaken to investigate the antihyperglycemic, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glycogenesis effects of the different fractions (Petroleum ether, ethyl acetate and chloroform) of methanolic extract of Momordica charantia. The different fractions of the extract were administered intraperitoneally as a single dose of 150 mg/kg body weight to alloxan induced as well as glucose induced diabetic rats and found to reduce blood glucose level significantly (p<0.05). The different fractions of Momordica charantia to the alloxaninduced diabetic rats resulted in the significant elevation of liver glycogen content which was decreased by 50.60% in diabetic control. The plant fractions also improve the glucose tolerance in the glucose induced rats. The effects of plant fractions were compared with standard drug metformin. The phytochemical screening tests indicated that the different constituents such as saponins, tannins, triterpines, alkaloids and flavonoids etc. were present in the plant which has antidiabetic and glycogenesis properties. Thus, this investigation paves the way for plant based diabetic treatment and indicates that various fractions (Petroleum ether, ethyl acetate and chloroform) of the methanolic extract of Momordica charantia have favorable effect in bringing down the severity of diabetes, enhancing glycogenesis activity by increasing the cellular uptake of glucose and also improving glucose tolerance activity.
Impact of a vegan diet on the human salivary microbiota; Little is known about the effect of long-term diet patterns on the composition and functional potential of the human salivary microbiota. In the present study, we sought to contribute to the ongoing elucidation of dietary effects on the oral microbial community by examining the diversity, composition and functional potential of the salivary microbiota in 160 healthy vegans and omnivores using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing. We further sought to identify bacterial taxa in saliva associated with host inflammatory markers. We show that compositional differences in the salivary microbiota of vegans and omnivores is present at all taxonomic levels below phylum level and includes upper respiratory tract commensals (e.g. Neisseria subflava, Haemophilus parainfluenzae, and Rothia mucilaginosa) and species associated with periodontal disease (e.g. Campylobacter rectus and Porphyromonas endodontalis). Dietary intake of medium chain fatty acids, piscine mono-and polyunsaturated fatty acids, and dietary fibre was associated with bacterial diversity, community structure, as well as relative abundance of several species-level operational taxonomic units. Analysis of imputed genomic potential revealed several metabolic pathways differentially abundant in vegans and omnivores indicating possible effects of macro-and micro-nutrient intake. We also show that certain oral bacteria are associated with the systemic inflammatory state of the host.
Low bone mass in subjects on a long-term raw vegetarian diet; Background: Little is known regarding the health effects of a raw food (RF) vegetarian diet. Methods: We performed a cross-sectional study on 18 volunteers (mean +/- SD age, 54.2 +/- 11.5 years; male/female ratio, 11: 7) on a RF vegetarian diet for a mean of 3.6 years and a comparison age- and sex-matched group eating typical American diets. We measured body composition, bone mineral content and density, bone turnover markers (C-telopeptide of type 1 collagen and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase), C-reactive protein, 25-hydroxyvitamin D, insulin-like growth factor 1, and leptin in serum. Results: The RF vegetarians had a mean SD body mass index (calculated as weight in kilograms divided by the square of height in meters) of 20.5 +/- 2.3, compared with 25.4 +/- 3.3 in the control subjects. The mean bone mineral content and density of the lumbar spine (P=.003 and P <.001, respectively) and hip (P=.01 and P <.001, respectively) were lower in the RF group than in the control group. Serum C-telopeptide of type 1 collagen and bone-specific alkaline phosphatase levels were similar between the groups, while the mean 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration was higher in the RF group than in the control group (P <.001). The mean serum C-reactive protein (P=.03), insulinlike growth factor 1 (P=.002), and leptin (P=.005) were lower in the RF group. Conclusion: A RF vegetarian diet is associated with low bone mass at clinically important skeletal regions but is without evidence of increased bone turnover or impaired vitamin D status.
Stevia Leaf to Stevia Sweetener: Exploring Its Science, Benefits, and Future Potential; Steviol glycoside sweeteners are extracted and purified from the Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni plant, a member of the Asteraceae (Compositae) family that is native to South America, where it has been used for its sweet properties for hundreds of years. With continued increasing rates of obesity, diabetes, and other related comorbidities, in conjunction with global public policies calling for reductions in sugar intake as a means to help curb these issues, low-and no-calorie sweeteners (LNCSs, also known as high-potency sweeteners) such as stevia are gaining interest among consumers and food manufacturers. This appeal is related to stevia being plant-based, zero calorie and with a sweet taste that is 50-350 times sweeter than sugar, making it an excellent choice for use in sugar-and calorie-reduced food and beverage products. Despite the fact that the safety of stevia has been affirmed by several food regulatory and safety authorities around the world, insufficient education about stevia's safety and benefits, including continuing concern with regard to the safety of LNCSs in general, deters health professionals and consumers from recommending or using stevia. Therefore, the aim of this review and the stevia symposium that preceded this review at the ASN's annual conference in 2017 was to examine, in a comprehensive manner, the state of the science for stevia, its safety and potential health benefits, and future research and application. Topics covered included metabolism, safety and acceptable intake, dietary exposure, impact on blood glucose and insulin concentrations, energy intake and weight management, blood pressure, dental caries, naturality and processing, taste and sensory properties, regulatory status, consumer insights, and market trends. Data for stevia are limited in the case of energy intake and weight management as well as for the gut microbiome; therefore, the broader literature on LNCSs was reviewed at the symposium and therefore is also included in this review.
Magnesium status and association with diabetes in the Taiwanese elderly; The average dietary intake of magnesium is below recommended dietary allowances in many affluent Western countries. Prolonged low magnesium intake tends to result in hypomagnesaemia which might increase the risk of chronic diseases in elderly people. A national population-based cross-sectional nutrition survey, the Elderly Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan (1999-2000), was used to investigate the magnesium status and association with diabetes in the Taiwanese elderly. Dietary magnesium intake was based on 24-hour dietary recalls. Blood biochemical parameters including plasma magnesium and blood glucose were also measured. Average magnesium intake was 250mg in men and 216mg in women, which is equivalent to 68-70% of relevant Taiwanese Dietary Reference Intakes. The mean plasma magnesium concentration was 0.903 mmol/L in men and 0.906 mmol/L in women. The prevalence of a plasma magnesium level of <0.7 mmol/L was 0.7 - 0.9% in the elderly, and that of <0.8 mmol/L was 8.0-9.1%. Elderly vegans had a significantly lower magnesium intake than ovo-lacto vegetarians and non-vegetarians. Diabetic men and women had significantly higher blood glucose levels than non-diabetics. The risk of diabetes was elevated 3.25 times at plasma magnesium levels <0.863mmol/L. There was an inverse association between plasma magnesium concentration and the prevalence of diabetes. However, no association was found between diabetes and low dietary magnesium. Taiwanese elderly persons had suboptimal levels of dietary magnesium intake, which although may be sufficient to avoid overt magnesium deficiency, may not be sufficient to reduce the risk of diabetes in the elderly. Further prospective study is required to help explain the differential results between dietary and plasma magnesium levels.
DIABETES EDUCATION - AN ASIAN PERSPECTIVE; Asian diabetic patients often lack knowledge about diabetes and self-management of the disease due to difficulties in communication. The introduction of a diabetes education programme specifically for Asian patients has resolved many of the communication problems, provided education which Asian patients could understand, and raised awareness of diabetes within the Asian community. Forty-eight percent of Asian patients were unable to read, while only 26 % spoke and 20 % read English, emphasizing the need for education in Asian languages using oral and visual teaching methods. Cultural differences were identified such as the use of alternative therapy to supplement treatment (33 %) and the large number of vegetarians (61 %). Public awareness of diabetes in the Asian community was increased by providing health education at social venues. The provision of diabetes education designed for the needs of Asian patients is essential to improve the quality of life and life expectancy of these patients.
High-level production of single chain monellin mutants with enhanced sweetness and stability in tobacco chloroplasts; Plastid-based MNEI protein mutants retain the structure, stability and sweetness of their bacterial counterparts, confirming the attractiveness of the plastid transformation technology for high-yield production of recombinant proteins. The prevalence of obesity and diabetes has dramatically increased the industrial demand for the development and use of alternatives to sugar and traditional sweeteners. Sweet proteins, such as MNEI, a single chain derivative of monellin, are the most promising candidates for industrial applications. In this work, we describe the use of tobacco chloroplasts as a stable plant expression platform to produce three MNEI protein mutants with improved taste profile and stability. All plant-based proteins were correctly expressed in tobacco chloroplasts, purified and subjected to in-depth chemical and sensory analyses. Recombinant MNEI mutants showed a protein yield ranging from 5% to more than 50% of total soluble proteins, which, to date, represents the highest accumulation level of MNEI mutants in plants. Comparative analyses demonstrated the high similarity, in terms of structure, stability and function, of the proteins produced in plant chloroplasts and bacteria. The high yield and the extreme sweetness perceived for the plant-derived proteins prove that plastid transformation technology is a safe, stable and cost-effective production platform for low-calorie sweeteners, with an estimated production of up to 25-30 mg of pure protein/plant.
Serum enterolactone concentrations are low in colon but not in rectal cancer patients; The dietary lignan metabolite, enterolactone, has been suggested to have anti-cancer functions, and high serum enterolactone concentrations have been associated with decreased risk of breast and prostate cancers. We hypothesized that serum enterolactone concentrations as a marker of plant-based foods are associated with decreased risk in colorectal cancer (CRC). We measured serum enterolactone glucuronide and sulfate concentrations by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in 115 CRC patients and 76 sex- and age-matched controls and analyzed the results with respect to tumor parameters, clinical parameters, and systemic inflammatory markers. Patients with colon cancer had significant lower serum enterolactone glucuronide and sulfate concentrations than controls (glucuronide: median 3.14 nM vs. 6.32 nM, P < 0.001; sulfate: median 0.13 nM vs. 0.17 nM, P= 0.002), whereas rectal cancer patients had similar enterolactone levels as controls (glucuronide: median 5.39 nM vs. 6.32 nM, P = 0.357; sulfate: median 0.19 nM vs. 0.17 nM, P = 0.452). High serum enterolactone concentrations were associated with low tumor grade, high serum creatinine levels, and concomitant diabetes. In summary, our results suggest that serum enterolactone concentrations are decreased in colon but not in rectal cancer. Further investigations are required to assess whether this reflects an altered lignan metabolism by the colon microbiome.
Serum Hyperglycemia Might Be Not Related to Fat Composition of Diet and Vegetable Composition of Diet Might Improve Sugar Control in Taiwanese Diabetic Subjects; Objective: This is an Asian study, which was designed to examine the correlations between biochemical data and food composition of diabetic patients in Taiwan. Methods: One hundred and seventy Taiwanese diabetic patients were enrolled. The correlations between biochemical data and diet composition (from 24-hour recall of intake food) of these patients were explored (Spearman correlation, p < 0.05). Diet components were also correlated with each other to show diet characteristics of diabetic patients in Taiwan. Linear regression was also performed for the significantly correlated groups to estimate possible impacts from diet composition to biochemical data. Results: Postprandial serum glucose level was negatively correlated with fat percentage of diet, intake amount of polyunsaturated fatty acid and fiber diet composition. Hemoglobin A1c was negatively correlated with fat diet, polyunsaturated fatty acid and vegetable diet. Fat composition, calorie percentage accounted by polyunsaturated fatty acid and monounsaturated fatty acid in diet seemed to be negatively correlated with sugar percentage of diet and positively correlated with vegetable and fiber composition of diet. Linear regression showed that intake amount of polyunsaturated fatty acid, calorie percentage accounted by polyunsaturated fatty acid, fat percentage of diet, vegetable composition of diet would predict lower hemoglobin A1c and postprandial blood sugar. Besides, higher percentage of fat diet composition could predict higher percentage of vegetable diet composition in Taiwanese diabetic patients. Conclusion: Fat diet might not elevate serum glucose. Vegetable diet and polyunsaturated fatty acid diet composition might be correlated with better sugar control in Taiwanese diabetic patients.
Current Management of Patients With Acquired Solitary Kidney; Persons with acquired solitary kidney, including those who have had a unilateral nephrectomy for living kidney donation, renal malignancies, or trauma, have decreased renal mass that leads to increased intraglomerular pressure and glomerular hyperfiltration. These physiologic adaptations of solitary kidney may exacerbate other preexisting and genetic conditions that could create a predisposition to or worsen glomerular pathologies, leading to unfavorable renal outcomes. Hence, these persons may benefit from special care and lifestyle modifications, including nutritional interventions. There is a lack of consensus and evidence for proper surveillance and management after nephrectomy, and misconceptions in both directions of having a "normal" versus " abnormal" kidney status may cause confusion among patients and healthcare providers pertaining to long-term kidney health monitoring and management. We have reviewed available data on the impact of lifestyle modifications, particularly nutritional measures, and pharmacologic interventions, on short-and long-term outcomes after nephrectomy. We recommend avoidance of excessively high dietary protein intake (>1 g/kg per day) and high dietary sodium intake (> 4 grams/d), adequate dietary fiber intake from plant-based foods, a target body mass index of < 30 kg/m(2) (in non-athletes and non-bodybuilders), and judicious management of risk factors of progressive chronic kidney disease (CKD), and future studies should help to better determine optimal care practices for these persons.
IGF-I activity may be a key determinant of stroke risk - a cautionary lesson for vegans; lGF-I acts on vascular endothelium to activate nitric oxide synthase, thereby promoting vascular health; there is reason to believe that this protection is especially crucial to the cerebral vasculature, helping to ward off thrombotic strokes. lGF-I may also promote the structural integrity of cerebral arteries, thereby offering protection from hemorrhagic stroke. These considerations may help to explain why tallness is associated with low stroke risk, whereas growth hormone deficiency increases stroke risk - and why age-adjusted stroke mortality has been exceptionally high in rural Asians eating quasi-vegan diets, but has been declining steadily in Asia as diets have become progressively higher in animal products. There is good reason to suspect that low-fat vegan diets tend to down-regulate systemic IGF-I activity; this effect would be expected to increase stroke risk in vegans. Furthermore, epidemiology suggests that low serum cholesterol, and possibly also a low dietary intake of saturated fat - both characteristic of those adopting low-fat vegan diets - may also increase stroke risk. Vegans are thus well advised to adopt practical countermeasures to minimize stroke risk - the most definitive of which may be salt restriction. A high potassium intake, aerobic exercise training, whole grains, moderate alcohol consumption, low-dose aspirin, statin or policosanol therapy, green tea, and supplementation with fish oil, taurine, arginine, and B vitamins - as well as pharmacotherapy of hypertension if warranted - are other practical measures for lowering stroke risk. Although low-fat vegan diets may markedly reduce risk for coronary disease, diabetes, and many common types of cancer, an increased risk for stroke may represent an 'Achilles heel'. Nonetheless, vegans have the potential to achieve a truly exceptional 'healthspan' if they face this problem forthrightly by restricting salt intake and taking other practical measures that promote cerebrovascular health. (C) 2003 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.
Effect of hydroalcoholic leaves extract of <i>Indigofera spicata</i> Forssk. on blood glucose level of normal, glucose loaded and diabetic rodents; Background: Diabetes mellitus is found in all parts of the world and is rapidly increasing in its coverage with alarming rate especially in Asia and Africa. Research is increasingly done with the aim of developing a relatively safe and efficacious anti-diabetic plant based products. Parallelly, this investigation was carried out to evaluate the effect of the hydro alcoholic leaves crude extract of Indigofera spicata (ISP) on the blood glucose level(BGL) of normoglycemic, oral glucose loaded and alloxan induced diabetic rodents. Methods: The animals were randomly divided into five groups (n = 6) for all the aforementioned three models. In all models, group-I mice provided 2% tween-80, group-II were treated with 5 mg/kg glibenclamide and the remaining three groups (III, IV & V) were treated with 100, 200, and 400 mg/kg dose of the extract respectively. Statistical significance of differences in BGLs within and between groups was analyzed by SPSS version-21 using one way ANOVA followed by Tukey's post hoc multiple comparison. Result: 200 mg/kg and 400 mg/kg extract treated groups of normoglycemic mice showed significant (p < 0.05) BGL reduction compared to the pre-exposure level. In case of OGTT model BGL reduction was statistically significant (p < 0.05) in only 400 mg/kg exposed groups at the 120 min of post-exposure compared to the initial level. However, the BGL reducing effect of doses of the extract at the 4th, 6th and 10th hours of post treatment on diabetic mice was found statistically significant compared to both the negative control (p < 0.001) and their respective pretreatment levels (p < 0.05). Conclusion: As it is claimed in ethnobotanical studies, the hydroalcoholic crude extract of ISP leaves have shown prominent anti-diabetic effect and can be therefore used as a good insight for new anti-diabetic drug source with a call for further studies.
ESTROGEN EXCRETION PATTERNS AND PLASMA-LEVELS IN VEGETARIAN AND OMNIVOROUS WOMEN; Ten vegetarian and 10 nonvegetarian premenopausal women on 4 occasions approximately 4 mo. apart. During each study period, the participants kept 3-day dietary records, and estrogens were measured in plasma, urinary and fecal samples. Vegetarians consumed less total fat than omnivores did (30% of total calories, as compared with 40%) and more dietary fiber (28 g per day, as compared with 12 g). There was a positive correlation between fecal weight and fecal excretion of estrogens in both groups (P < 0.001), with vegetarians having higher fecal weight and increased fecal excretion of estrogens. Urinary excretion of estriol was lower in vegetarians (P < 0.05), and their plasma levels of estrone and estradiol were negatively correlated with fecal excretion of estrogen (P = 0.005). Among the vegetarians the .beta.-glucuronidase activity of fecal bacteria was significantly reduced (P = 0.05). Vegetarian women have an increased fecal output, which leads to increased fecal excretion of estrogen and a decreased plasma concentration of estrogen.
Antidiabetic and hypolipidemic activities of hydroethanolic root extract of <i>Uvaria chamae</i> in streptozotocin induced diabetic albino rats; Background: Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder of multiple aetiology characterised by hyperglycemia resulting from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action or both. It is a global epidemic ravaging both developed and developing countries. The situation will worsen if nothing is done urgently. In fact, the need to identify natural products with antidiabetic potentials is of great importance as supported by several research efforts all over the world, in search of antidiabetic plant based products that are safe and efficacious. Available literatures show that several phytochemicals with antidiabetic properties have been identified in certain plants amongst which include Uvaria chamae. The potentials of Uvaria chamae as an antidiabetic and hypolipidemic drug-candidate are thus tested. Methods: Diabetes mellitus was experimentally induced after the rats were fasted overnight by administering intraperitoneally, 60 mg/kg streptozotocin. After 72 h, the rats with plasma glucose levels > 200 mg/dl were classified as diabetic. A total of six groups containing five rats per group were used. One group of diabetic rats was untreated. Three diabetic groups, each were treated orally with 100, 250 and 400 mg/kg body weight of the extract. Another diabetic group was treated with insulin (0.5 IU/kg) subcutaneously. The control received 0.5 ml (2% solution) of acacia orally. The treatment was for 8 days. The effects of the extract on weight, plasma glucose and other biochemical parameters were evaluated using standard procedures. Results: The diabetic rats treated with the extract showed significant reductions (p < 0.05) in weight, plasma glucose levels, low density lipoprotein and cholesterol compared with the control. The 100, 250 and 400 mg/kg body weight of the extract showed maximum glucose reduction of 85.16, 81.50 and 86.02% respectively. Histologically the pancreas of the diabetic rats treated with the extract, showed clusters of variably sized regenerated islet of Langerhans within sheets of normal exocrine pancreas, while the pancreas of diabetic rats treated with insulin showed no islet of Langerhans. Conclusion: The study showed that Uvaria chamae caused weight loss and has good hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activities that may reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases.
Effect of Acute Stevia Consumption on Blood Glucose Response in Healthy Malay Young Adults; Previously, researchers had initiated investigation to find an alternative drug that can treat diabetes mellitus without dragging patients into more complicated health problems. After many studies, they found a new and high potential plant-based drug named stevia that is able to reduce diabetic patients' blood glucose. This study aimed to determine the effect of stevia on blood glucose of healthy subjects. The study was carried out by comparing the glycemic response between sucrose and stevia (500 and 1000 mg) among 32 subjects aged between 18 and 23 years old. Subjects were required to fast 8 to 10 h prior to each test which was done on different days. Finger prick test were done on 0, 30, 60, 90 and 120 min to construct a blood sugar response curve for 2 h period. There is a significant difference between the glycemic response of sucrose and stevia 500 mg. Sucrose significantly increased the post prandial blood glucose while stevia 500 mg reduced blood glucose after 30 min of consumption. Sucrose also produced higher glycemic response at min-30 when compared with stevia 1000 mg. There is no significant difference between the glycemic response of stevia of different dose, 500 and 1000 mg. No dose-dependent effect was observed in this study. In conclusion, stevia does not raise blood glucose significantly when consumed in short period. Stevia is effective to be used by healthy people to maintain blood glucose even when consumed in short length of time.
Biomimetic plant foods: Structural design and functionality; Background: The rising number of people living with chronic conditions, such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease, along with the widespread demand for healthier foods have posed significant challenges to the food industry. Plant-based foods, beyond simple nutrition, can provide health-benefiting functionalities within the complex environment of the human gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Biomimetics is defined as taking inspirations from nature to solve problems. Biomimetic plant foods (BPFs) can offer solutions for the future with the design of nature-inspired food structures for improved health and well-being. Scope and approach: This review provides an insight into the assembly of plant food structures and their disassembly in the human GI tract. Their role in controlling the digestive fate of nutrients is elucidated. Recent developments and future perspectives on designing BPFs are also presented and discussed. Key findings and conclusions: Plant foods in nature possess hierarchically self-assembled structures. During processing and GI digestion, these structures are disassembled to enable liberation and assimilation of nutrients and bioactive molecules contained within the food matrix. The assembly and disassembly are linked to a hierarchy of structure in plants within which different levels (molecule, polymer, cell wall, cell, tissue, organ) and their interactions can modulate nutrient bioaccessibility and digestion. Inspired by nature, BPFs can be engineered to deliver in-body functionality. The emerging trend of biomimetics will potentially pave the way for the future of food.
A Multicomponent Intervention Reduces Body Weight and Cardiovascular Risk at a GEICO Corporate Site; Purpose. To determine whether a multicomponent nutrition intervention program at a collimate site reduces body weight and improves other cardiovascular risk factors in overweight individuals. Design. Prospective clinical intervention study. Subjects/Setting. Employees of the Government Employees Insurance Company (GEICO) (N = 113), aged 21 to 65 years, with a body mass index >= 25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Intervention. A 22 week intervention including a low-fat, vegan diet. Measures. Changes in body weight, anthropometric measures, blood pressure, lipid profile, and dietary intake. Analysis. Multivariate analyses of variance were calculated for clinical and nutrient measures, followed by univariate analyses of variance, to determine the significance of differences between groups in changes over time. Results. Intervention-group participants experienced greater weight changes compared with control-group participants (mean, -5.1 [SE, .6] kg vs. +.1 [SE, .6] kg, p < .0001), as well as greater changes in waist circumference (mean, -4.7 [SE, .6] cm vs. +.8 [SE, .6] cm, p < .0001) and waist:hip ratio (mean, .006 [SE, .003] vs. +.014 [SE.005], p = .0007). Weight loss of 5% of body weight was more frequently observed in the intervention group (48.5%) compared with the control group (11.1%) (chi(2) [1, N = 113] = 16.99, p < .0001). Conclusions. Among individuals volunteering for a 22-week worksite research study, an intervention using a low-fat, vegan diet effectively reduced body weight and waist circumference. (Am J Health Promot 2010;24[6]:384-387.)
Traditional medicine practices among community members with chronic kidney disease in northern Tanzania: an ethnomedical survey; Background: In sub-Saharan Africa, chronic kidney disease (CKD) is being recognized as a non-communicable disease (NCD) with high morbidity and mortality. In countries like Tanzania, people access many sources, including traditional medicines, to meet their healthcare needs for NCDs, but little is known about traditional medicine practices among people with CKD. Therefore, we sought to characterize these practices among community members with CKD in northern Tanzania. Methods: Between December 2013 and June 2014, we administered a previously-developed survey to a random sample of adult community-members from the Kilimanjaro Region; the survey was designed to measure traditional medicine practices such as types, frequencies, reasons, and modes. Participants were also tested for CKD, diabetes, hypertension, and HIV as part of the CKD-AFRiKA study. To identify traditional medicines used in the local treatment of kidney disease, we reviewed the qualitative sessions which had previously been conducted with key informants. Results: We enrolled 481 adults of whom 57 (11.9 %) had CKD. The prevalence of traditional medicine use among adults with CKD was 70.3 % (95 % CI 50.0-84.9 %), and among those at risk for CKD (n = 147; 30.6 %), it was 49.0 % (95 % CI 33.1-65.0 %). Among adults with CKD, the prevalence of concurrent use of traditional medicine and biomedicine was 33.2 % (11.4-65.6 %). Symptomatic ailments (66.7 %; 95 % CI 17.3-54.3), malaria/febrile illnesses (64.0 %; 95 % CI 44.1-79.9), and chronic diseases (49.6 %; 95 % CI 28.6-70.6) were the most prevalent uses for traditional medicines. We identified five plant-based traditional medicines used for the treatment of kidney disease: Aloe vera, Commifora africana, Cymbopogon citrullus, Persea americana, and Zanthoxylum chalybeum. Conclusions: The prevalence of traditional medicine use is high among adults with and at risk for CKD in northern Tanzania where they use them for a variety of conditions including other NCDs. Additionally, many of these same people access biomedicine and traditional medicines concurrently. The traditional medicines used for the local treatment of kidney disease have a variety of activities, and people with CKD may be particularly vulnerable to adverse effects. Recognizing these traditional medicine practices will be important in shaping CKD treatment programs and public health policies aimed at addressing CKD.
The Association between a Vegetarian Diet and Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) Risk Factors in India: The Indian Migration Study; Background: Studies in the West have shown lower cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among people taking a vegetarian diet, but these findings may be confounded and only a minority selects these diets. We evaluated the association between vegetarian diets (chosen by 35%) and CVD risk factors across four regions of India. Methods: Study participants included urban migrants, their rural siblings and urban residents, of the Indian Migration Study from Lucknow, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bangalore (n = 6555, mean age-40.9 yrs). Information on diet (validated interviewer-administered semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire), tobacco, alcohol, physical history, medical history, as well as blood pressure, fasting blood and anthropometric measurements were collected. Vegetarians ate no eggs, fish, poultry or meat. Using robust standard error multivariate linear regression models, we investigated the association of vegetarian diets with blood cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, fasting blood glucose (FBG), systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). Results: Vegetarians (32.8% of the study population) did not differ from non-vegetarians with respect to age, use of smokeless tobacco, body mass index, and prevalence of diabetes or hypertension. Vegetarians had a higher standard of living and were less likely to smoke, drink alcohol (p<0.0001) and were less physically active (p = 0.04). In multivariate analysis, vegetarians had lower levels of total cholesterol (beta = -0.1 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.03 to -0.2), p = 0.006), triglycerides (beta = -0.05 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.007 to -0.01), p = 0.02), LDL (beta = -0.06 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.005 to -0.1), p = 0.03) and lower DBP (beta = -0.7 mmHg (95% CI: -1.2 to -0.07), p = 0.02). Vegetarians also had decreases in SBP (beta = -0.9 mmHg (95% CI: -1.9 to 0.08), p = 0.07) and FBG level (beta = -0.07 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.2 to 0.01), p = 0.09) when compared to nonvegetarians. Conclusion: We found beneficial association of vegetarian diet with cardiovascular risk factors compared to non-vegetarian diet.
<i>In vitro</i> starch digestibility, α-amylase and α-glucosidase inhibitory capacities of raw and processed forms of three varieties of Livingstone potato (<i>Plectranthus esculentus</i>); The starch digestibility, alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase inhibitory capacities of the flours from raw and processed (boiled and fried) tubers of three varieties (riyom, beebot and langaat) of P. esculenta were investigated using standard techniques. The range of the chemical constituents of the flours (expressed in g/100 g, dry weight) were: lipids (0.20 to 17.27), ash (1.26 to 2.87), proteins (7.55 to 11.60), total starch (47.18 to 64.70), digestible starch (39.34 to 59.48), resistant starch (RS) (3.06 to 7.84) and rapidly digestible starch (RDS) (16.89 to 30.67). White bread contained significantly higher TS, DS and RDS but lower RS than the flours. The IC50 values of the aqueous extracts of the flours ranged from 257.50 to 1515.94 mu g/ml and 128.89 to 641.90 mu g/ml for the alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase assays respectively. Frying of the P. esculenta tubers potentiates the activities of alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase enzymes compared with the raw or boiled forms. Industrial relevance: Interest in functional foods has increased in recent times due to their roles in ameliorating a lot of metabolic disorders, one of which is type 2 diabetes. Recent therapeutic targets for the control of postprandial hyperglycemia involve inhibition of alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase activities that play key roles in the digestion of dietary carbohydrates. However, the undesirable side effects associated with the synthetic alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors have led to increased search for these inhibitors from plant based foods. Livingstone potato is one of such plants that has captivated the interest of researchers due to their demonstrated pharmacological relevance. However, Livingstone potato tuber is usually eaten following processing and there are no reports on the effect of processing on its starch digestibility. Therefore, the findings of this study which showed that methanol extracts of the tubers showed stronger alpha-glucosidase inhibition than a-amylase inhibition could particularly be of interest to the health care and nutraceutical industries as exploitation of this finding could circumvent the adverse side effects associated with synthetic antidiabetic drugs. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Malondialdehyde as a Biomarker of Oxidative Damage; The level of malondialdehyde (MDA) as the most abundant metabolite of lipoperoxidation was determined by an optimized HPLC method with UV detection in blood plasma. Two groups of patients along with healthy controls were examined, diabetics (found the average concentration of MDA 9 mu M in Diabetes mellitus I, and 7 mu M in Diabetes mellitus II) and patients with gynaecological cancer (11 mu M). Another study verified that surgical removal of the tumour led to increase plasmatic concentration of MDA and vitamin E was shown as a suitable supplement in the surgical procedure. The other examined group were vegans, which was found the lowest level of MDA i. e. 5 mu M concentration of MDA in blood plasma.
Risks of ischaemic heart disease and stroke in meat eaters, fish eaters, and vegetarians over 18 years of follow-up: results from the prospective EPIC-Oxford study; OBJECTIVE To examine the associations of vegetarianism with risks of ischaemic heart disease and stroke. DESIGN Prospective cohort study. SETTING The EPIC-Oxford study, a cohort in the United Kingdom with a large proportion of non-meat eaters, recruited across the country between 1993 and 2001. PARTICIPANTS 48 188 participants with no history of ischaemic heart disease, stroke, or angina (or cardiovascular disease) were classified into three distinct diet groups: meat eaters (participants who consumed meat, regardless of whether they consumed fish, dairy, or eggs; n=24 428), fish eaters (consumed fish but no meat; n=7506), and vegetarians including vegans (n=16 254), based on dietary information collected at baseline, and subsequently around 2010 (n=28 364). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES Incident cases of ischaemic heart disease and stroke (including ischaemic and haemorrhagic types) identified through record linkage until 2016. RESULTS Over 18.1 years of follow-up, 2820 cases of ischaemic heart disease and 1072 cases of total stroke (519 ischaemic stroke and 300 haemorrhagic stroke) were recorded. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle confounders, fish eaters and vegetarians had 13% (hazard ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.77 to 0.99) and 22% (0.78, 0.70 to 0.87) lower rates of ischaemic heart disease than meat eaters, respectively (P<0.001 for heterogeneity). This difference was equivalent to 10 fewer cases of ischaemic heart disease (95% confidence interval 6.7 to 13.1 fewer) in vegetarians than in meat eaters per 1000 population over 10 years. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were partly attenuated after adjustment for self reported high blood cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes, and body mass index (hazard ratio 0.90, 95% confidence interval 0.81 to 1.00 in vegetarians with all adjustments). By contrast, vegetarians had 20% higher rates of total stroke (hazard ratio 1.20, 95% confidence interval 1.02 to 1.40) than meat eaters, equivalent to three more cases of total stroke (95% confidence interval 0.8 to 5.4 more) per 1000 population over 10 years, mostly due to a higher rate of haemorrhagic stroke. The associations for stroke did not attenuate after further adjustment of disease risk factors. CONCLUSIONS In this prospective cohort in the UK, fish eaters and vegetarians had lower rates of ischaemic heart disease than meat eaters, although vegetarians had higher rates of haemorrhagic and total stroke.
MEDICINAL PLANT USE OF VILLAGERS IN THE MOPANI DISTRICT, LIMPOPO PROVINCE, SOUTH AFRICA; Background: An ethno-medical survey of plants was conducted at Mashishimale village near Phalaborwa, in Limpopo Province (South Africa). Owing to high level of poverty and lack of proper daily operational healthcare facilities in certain parts of Mashishimale village, the use of plants as medicine persists. The aim of the study was to compile a list of medicinal plants used by traditional health practitioners for treatment of diabetes mellitus and other ailments. Materials and methods: Traditional health practitioners were identified using the snowballing sampling technique. Structured interviews were conducted and a list of medicinal plants compiled. Data collection included local names of the plants, the plant parts used in the traditional medicine, the disease treated by the plant-based remedies and the method of preparation of the medicines. Results and discussion: A total of 49 plants species belonging to 20 different families we identified. Plant parts used in preparation of remedies by practitioners are roots (51%), stem barks (30%) and leaves (19%). The most preferred methods of administration were boiling (74%) and infusion (12%). About 14 plants species were indicated for treatment of diabetes mellitus, while most plant species were indicated for sexually transmitted diseases, fertility and erectile dysfunction. Conclusion: The results of the survey indicate that plants play a significant role in primary healthcare of the community of Mashishimale Village. It would seem that a number of major diseases/ailments are treated by traditional methods. Scientific investigation is therefore needed to isolate active compounds and to determine safe dosages for treatment. These studies may guide the regulation of herbal medicine industry in South Africa.
Effects of a vegetarian diet and treatment preference on biochemical and dietary variables in overweight and obese adults: a randomized clinical trial; Background: A vegetarian diet may lead to numerous health benefits, including weight loss. Objective: We examined the joint effects of personal preference of dietary treatment and a calorie-restricted, low-fat lactoovovegetarian diet (LOV-D) compared with a standard calorie-restricted, low-fat omnivorous diet (STD-D) on changes in weight, total cholesterol, ratio of LDL to HDL cholesterol (LDL:HDL cholesterol), triacyl-glycerols, insulin resistance, and macronutrient intake during an 18-mo study. Design: This was a randomized clinical trial of 176 overweight and obese adults who were recruited and randomly assigned first to 1 of 2 preference conditions (yes or no). If assigned to Preference-No, they were randomly assigned to I of the 2 diet conditions (STD-D or LOV-D). If assigned to Preference-Yes, they were assigned to the diet they indicated as preferred at screening. The 12-mo intervention was followed by a 6-mo maintenance phase. Results: Participants were mainly women (86.9%) and white (70.5%); 75% completed the 18-mo, study. A significant interaction between preference and dietary treatment was not observed for any of the outcome variables. However, participants in the Preference-No groups significantly decreased their triacyl-glycerols (P = 0.04). The only effect observed for diet was a borderline significant decrease in LDL:HDL cholesterol for the LOV-D group (P = 0.06). Within the LOV-D groups, those who were 100% adherent to the LOV-D had significant and marginally significant reductions in monounsaturated fat (P = 0.02) and total fat (P = 0.05) intakes at 18 mo. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that neither prescribing a vegetarian diet nor allowing persons to choose their preferred diet had a significant effect on outcome measures. However, all participants had a significant reduction in total energy and fat intakes and an increase in energy expenditure, which was reflected in reduced body weight.
Dietary Fiber Intake (Supplemental or Dietary Pattern Rich in Fiber) and Diabetic Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review of Clinical Trials; Fiber intake is associated with better glycemic control being an important non-pharmacological treatment for diabetes (DM). We hypothesize that a dietary fiber intake can bring benefits to diabetic kidney disease (DKD), improving renal outcomes. This systematic review aimed to evaluate the effect of dietary fiber (supplemental or dietary pattern rich in fiber) on DKD. We searched six databases to identify clinical trials that reported fiber intake and renal outcomes (albuminuria, proteinuria, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) dialysis) in patients with DM. From 1814 studies, 48 papers were fully evaluated. In the end, seven trials (161 patients, aged 58.3 years, 49% females) were included. The studies were organized into three categories (vegetarian, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, and fiber supplement), two evaluated supplements and five dietary patterns. Vegetarian diet reduced albuminuria in three trials, two in patients with type 1 DM and one in patients with type 2 DM; and one study demonstrated a change in the eGFR in type 1 DM. The individual quality of the studies was low/uncertain. A vegetarian dietary pattern may have a beneficial effect on these renal outcomes. However, the individual effect of the intake of fiber on DKD not was possible to be evaluated.
Adherence to special diets and its association with meeting the nutrient recommendations in individuals with type 1 diabetes; Not much is known about adherence to special diets in type 1 diabetes, characteristics of individuals with special diets, and whether such practices should raise concerns with respect to meeting the dietary recommendations. In this study, we assessed the frequencies of adherence to special diets, in a population of individuals with type 1 diabetes, and investigated the association between special diet adherence and dietary intake, measured as dietary patterns and nutrient intakes. During the Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study visit, participants with type 1 diabetes (n = 1429) were instructed to complete a diet questionnaire inquiring about the adherence to special diets. The participants also completed a food record, from which energy and nutrient intakes were calculated. In all, 36.6% participants reported adhering to some special diet. Most commonly reported special diets were lactose-free (17.1%), protein restriction (10.0%), vegetarian (7.0%), and gluten-free (5.6%) diet. Special diet adherents were more frequently women, older, had longer diabetes duration, and more frequently had various diabetes complications. Mean carbohydrate intakes were close to the lower levels of the recommendation in all diet groups, which was reflected in low mean fibre intakes but high frequencies of meeting the sucrose recommendations. The recommendation for saturated fatty acid intake was frequently unmet, with the highest frequencies observed in vegetarians. Of the micronutrients, vitamin D, folate, and iron recommendations were most frequently unmet, with some differences between the diet groups. Special diets are frequently followed by individuals with type 1 diabetes. The adherents are more frequently women, and have longer diabetes duration and more diabetes complications. Achieving the dietary recommendations differed between diets, and depended on the nutrient in question. Overall, intakes of fibre, vitamin D, folate, and iron fell short of the recommendations.
The Ethnopharmacological and Nutraceutical Relevance of <i>Launaea taraxacifolia</i> (Willd.) Amin ex C. Jeffrey; Launaea taraxacifolia (Willd.) Amin ex C. Jeffrey is a herb found mostly in tropical Africa. The plant, commonly found in West Africa, is used in the management of many diseases including cardiovascular, respiratory, haematological, endocrine, and metabolic diseases in Ghana, Nigeria, Benin, Serra Leone, and Senegal. This piece provides comprehensive and updated information on the traditional uses, phytochemical constituents, and pharmacological and toxicological information available on Launaea taraxacifolia to support its medicinal uses and also unearth knowledge gaps for future studies. An electronic literature search using search engines, namely, Google Scholar, ScienceDirect, and PubMed, was carried out to obtain information on the plant. Both common and scientific names of the plant were used as keywords for the search process. This paper captured information on Launaea taraxacifolia from 1985 to 2018. The search revealed that the leaves of the plant possess nutritional/pharmacological effects on diseases such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cancer, malaria, bacterial infections, and arthritis. The leaf has been shown to be a rich source of phytoconstituents such as flavonoids, phenolic acids, tannins, alkaloids, glycosides, coumarins, triterpenoids, ascorbic acid, lycopene, and beta-carotene. Also, isolated phytoconstituents as well as the safety profile of the plant have been documented. This review on Launaea taraxacifolia has provided a one-stop documentation of information in support of the several purported ethnopharmacological uses of the plant. It also reveals information gaps such as the need to research into its pharmacokinetics, interactions with drugs of importance, and its development into a plant-based drug in order to expand its clinical use.
Medicinal plants use in central Togo (Africa) with an emphasis on the timing; Background: Plant-based remedies continue to play a key role in the health care of people in Togo; however, there is a lack of published data in medicinal plants and medical practices of the people in the country. Objective: This study was aimed at documenting the plant utilization in the Tem folk medicine in the central region of Togo. Materials and Methods: An ethnobotanical survey was conducted with traditional healers in the central region of Togo using a semi-structured questionnaire. Results: This study demonstrated that local specialists in the central region of Togo tend to agree with each other in terms of the plants used to treat diabetes (ICF = 0.38), infertility, and abdominal pains (ICF = 0.33), but cite a much more diverse groups of plants to treat problems related to arterial hypertension, sickle cell disease, and abscess. They use 144 herbal concoctions made of 72 plants, distributed among 36 botanical families. The Euphorbiaceae family with eight species was best represented in terms of the number of species. The species with the highest use value were Khaya senegalensis (Desr.) A. Juss. (Meliaceae) (UV = 0.36), Anthocleista djalonensis A. Chev. (Gentianaceae) (UV = 0.27), Trichilia emetica Vahl (Meliaceae) (UV = 0.25), and Sarcocephalus latifolius (Sm.) E. A. Bruce (Rubiaceae) (UV = 0.21). They also rely on the timing in the plant processing and the administration of herbal remedies. Conclusion: All these findings are based on empirical observations; laboratory screenings are needed to check the effectiveness of these plants.
Strict vegetarian diet improves the risk factors associated with metabolic diseases by modulating gut microbiota and reducing intestinal inflammation; Low-grade inflammation of the intestine results in metabolic dysfunction, in which dysbiosis of the gut microbiota is intimately involved. Dietary fibre induces prebiotic effects that may restore imbalances in the gut microbiota; however, no clinical trials have been reported in patients with metabolic diseases. Here, six obese subjects with type 2 diabetes and/or hypertension were assigned to a strict vegetarian diet (SVD) for 1 month, and blood biomarkers of glucose and lipid metabolisms, faecal microbiota using 454-pyrosequencing of 16S ribosomal RNA genes, faecal lipocalin-2 and short-chain fatty acids were monitored. An SVD reduced body weight and the concentrations of triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and haemoglobin A1c, and improved fasting glucose and postprandial glucose levels. An SVD reduced the Firmicutes-to-Bacteroidetes ratio in the gut microbiota, but did not alter enterotypes. An SVD led to a decrease in the pathobionts such as the Enterobacteriaceae and an increase in commensal microbes such as Bacteroides fragilis and Clostridium species belonging to clusters XIVa and IV, resulting in reduced intestinal lipocalin-2 and short-chain fatty acids levels. This study underscores the benefits of dietary fibre for improving the risk factors of metabolic diseases and shows that increased fibre intake reduces gut inflammation by changing the gut microbiota.
Insulin sensitivity in Chinese ovo-lactovegetarians compared with omnivores; Aim: To compare the insulin sensitivity indices between Chinese vegetarians and omnivores. Methods: The study included 36 healthy volunteers ( vegetarian, n = 19; omnivore, n = 17) who had normal fasting plasma glucose levels. Each participant completed an insulin suppression test. We compared steady-state plasma glucose (SSPG), fasting insulin, the homeostasis model assessment for insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IR and HOMA % S) and beta-cell function ( HOMA % beta) between the groups. We also tested the correlation of SSPG with years on a vegetarian diet. Results: The omnivore subjects were younger than the vegetarians (55.7 +/- 3.7 vs 58.6 +/- 3.6 year of age, P = 0.022). There was no difference between the two groups in sex, blood pressure, renal function tests and lipid profiles. The omnivores had higher serum uric acid levels than vegetarians (5.25 +/- 0.84 vs 4.54 +/- 0.75 mg/dl, P = 0.011). The results of the indices were different between omnivores and vegetarians (SSPG (mean +/- s.d.) 105.4 +/- 10.2 vs 80.3 +/- 11.3 mg/dl, P<0.001; fasting insulin, 4.06 +/- 0.77 vs 3.02 +/- 1.19 mu U/ ml, P = 0.004; HOMA-IR, 6.75 +/- 1.31 vs 4.78 +/- 2.07, P = 0.002; HOMA % S, 159.2 +/- 31.7 vs 264.3 +/- 171.7%, P = 0.018) except insulin secretion index, HOMA % beta (65.6 +/- 18.0 vs 58.6 +/- 14.8%, P = 0.208). We found a clear linear relation between years on a vegetarian diet and SSPG (r = -0.541, P = 0.017). Conclusions: The vegetarians were more insulin sensitive than the omnivore counterparts. The degree of insulin sensitivity appeared to be correlated with years on a vegetarian diet.
Vegan proteins may reduce risk of cancer, obesity, and cardiovascular disease by promoting increased glucagon activity; Amino acids modulate the secretion of both insulin and glucagon; the composition of dietary protein therefore has the potential to influence the balance of glucagon and insulin activity. Soy protein, as well as many other vegan proteins, are higher in non-essential amino acids than most animal-derived food proteins, and as a result should preferentially favor glucagon production. Acting on hepatocytes, glucagon promotes (and insulin inhibits) cAMP-dependent mechanisms that down-regulate lipogenic enzymes and cholesterol synthesis, while up-regulating hepatic LDL receptors and production of the IGF-I antagonist IGFBP-1. The insulin-sensitizing properties of many vegan diets - high in fiber, low in saturated fat - should amplify these effects by down-regulating insulin secretion. Additionally, the relatively low essential amino acid content of some vegan diets may decrease hepatic IGF-I synthesis. Thus, diets featuring vegan proteins can be expected to lower elevated serum lipid levels, promote weight loss, and decrease circulating IGF-I activity. The latter effect should impede cancer induction (as is seen in animal studies with soy protein), lessen neutrophil-mediated inflammatory damage, and slow growth and maturation in children. In fact, vegans tend to have low serum lipids, lean physiques, shorter stature, later puberty, and decreased risk for certain prominent 'Western' cancers; a vegan diet has documented clinical efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis. Low-fat vegan diets may be especially protective in regard to cancers linked to insulin resistance - namely, breast and colon cancer - as well as prostate cancer; conversely, the high IGF-I activity associated with heavy ingestion of animal products may be largely responsible for the epidemic of 'Western' cancers in wealthy societies. Increased phytochemical intake is also likely to contribute to the reduction of cancer risk in vegans. Regression of coronary stenoses has been documented during low-fat vegan diets coupled with exercise training; such regimens also tend to markedly improve diabetic control and lower elevated blood pressure. Risk of many other degenerative disorders may be decreased in vegans, although reduced growth factor activity may be responsible for an increased risk of hemorrhagic stroke. By altering the glucagon/insulin balance, it is conceivable that supplemental intakes of key non-essential amino acids could enable omnivores to enjoy some of the health advantages of a vegan diet. An unnecessarily high intake of essential amino acids - either in the absolute sense or relative to total dietary protein - may prove to be as grave a risk factor for 'Western' degenerative diseases as is excessive fat intake. (C) 1999 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Intestinal α-<i>glucosidase</i> and some pancreatic enzymes inhibitory effect of hydroalcholic extract of <i>Moringa stenopetala</i> leaves; Background: Moringa stenopetala has been used in traditional health systems to treat diabetes mellitus. One of the successful methods to prevent of the onset of diabetes is to control postprandial hyperglycemia by the inhibition of a-glucosidase and pancreatic a-amylase activities, resulting in the aggressive delay of the carbohydrate digestion of absorbable monosaccharides. The aim of the present study is to investigate the effect of the extract of the leaves of Moringa stenopetala on a-glucosidase, pancreatic a-amylase, pancreatic lipase, and pancreatic cholesterol esterase activities, and, therefore find out the relevance of the plant in controlling blood sugar and lipid levels. Methods: The dried leaves of Moringa stenopetala were extracted with hydroalcoholic solvent and dried using rotary vapor under reduced pressure. The dried extracts were determined for the total phenolic compounds, flavonoid content and condensed tannins content by using Folin-Ciocateu's reagent, AlCl3 and vanillin assay, respectively. The dried extract of plant-based food was further quantified with respect to intestinal a-glucosidase (maltase and sucrase) inhibition and pancreatic a-amylase inhibition by glucose oxidase method and dinitrosalicylic (DNS) reagent, respectively. Results: The phytochemical analysis indicated that flavonoid, total phenolic, and condensed tannin contents in the extract were 71.73 +/- 2.48 mg quercetin equivalent/g of crude extract, 79.81 +/- 2.85 mg of gallic acid equivalent/g of crude extract, 8.82 +/- 0.77 mg catechin equivalent/g of crude extract, respectively. The extract inhibited intestinal sucrase more than intestinal maltase with IC50 value of 1.47 +/- 0.19 mg/ml. It also slightly inhibited pancreatic a-amylase, pancreatic lipase and pancreatic cholesterol esterase. Conclusion: The result demonstrated the beneficial biochemical effects of Moringa stenopetala by inhibiting intestinal a-glucosidase, pancreatic cholesterol esterase and pancreatic lipase activities. A daily supplement intake of the leaves of Moringa stenopetala may help in reducing hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia.
What are the roles of calorie restriction and diet quality in promoting healthy longevity?; Epidemiological and experimental data indicate that diet plays a central role in the pathogenesis of many age-associated chronic diseases, and in the biology of aging itself. Data from several animal studies suggest that the degree and time of calorie restriction (CR) onset, the timing of food intake as well as diet composition, play major roles in promoting health and longevity, breaking the old dogma that only calorie intake is important in extending healthy lifespan. Data from human studies indicate that long-term CR with adequate intake of nutrients results in several metabolic adaptations that reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and cancer. Moreover, CR opposes the expected age-associated alterations in myocardial stiffness, autonomic function, and gene expression in the human skeletal muscle. However, it is possible that some of the beneficial effects on metabolic health are not entirely due to CR, but to the high quality diets consumed by the CR practitioners, as suggested by data collected in individuals consuming strict vegan diets. More studies are needed to understand the interactions among single nutrient modifications (e.g. protein/aminoacid, fatty acids, vitamins, phytochemicals, and minerals), the degree of CR and the frequency of food consumption in modulating anti-aging metabolic and molecular pathways, and in the prevention of age-associated diseases. (c) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Constipation in chronic kidney disease: it is time to reconsider; Constipation is highly prevalent in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and is primarily characterized by decreased intestinal motility. This chronic disorder affects the quality of life of patients. However, nephrologist and dialysis clinicians have long had a disproportionately limited understanding of constipation. Accumulating evidence has revealed a relationship between constipation and cardiovascular disease and CKD. The pathogenesis of constipation in CKD patients is multifactorial: decreased physical activity, comorbidities affecting bowel movement, such as diabetes mellitus, cerebrovascular disease, and hyperparathyroidism, a restricted dietary intake of plant-based fiber-rich foods, and multiple medications, including phosphate binders and potassium-binding resins, have all been implicated. CKD is associated with alterations in the composition and function of the gut microbiota, so-called gut dysbiosis. Recent studies showed that CKD-related gut dysbiosis decreased intestinal motility via intestinal inflammation or the increased generation of gut-derived uremic toxins, such as indoxyl sulfate and p-cresyl sulfate. Furthermore, the gastrointestinal secretion of mucin was found to be decreased in CKD animal models, which may delay colonic transit by diminished lubrication in the alimentary tract. Thus, CKD-related gut dysbiosis may play a role in constipation, but limited information is currently available. Since constipation is often intractable, particularly in CKD patients, every available means needs to be employed in its treatment. The effects of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiotics on the composition of the gut microbiota and gut-derived uremic toxins have been increasingly reported. However, their effects on stool consistency or frequency in CKD patients remain unclear. Some laxatives may be beneficial for improving not only bowel habits but also gut dysbiosis. Further studies are required to elucidate the CKD-specific pathogenesis of constipation and develop novel effective treatment options.
Dietary intake and tissue concentration of fatty acids in omnivore, vegetarian and diabetic pregnancy; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of fatty acid intake and insulin dependent diabetes on the fatty acid composition of maternal erythrocytes, the placenta and cord. Fatty acid intake (from food frequency questionnaire) and the fatty acid composition of maternal erythrocytes, the placenta and cord from pregnant vegetarians (n = 4) and insulin dependent diabetics (n = 5) was compared with pregnant omnivores (n = 10). There was a significantly lower intake of n-6 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) (-75% P < 0.01) and n-3 LCPUFA (-92% P < 0.01) and increased ratio of n-6/n-3 LCPUFA in the vegetarians (103%; P < 0.001). The concentrations of 22:4 n-6 (+28%, P < 0.05) and 22:5 n-3 (+40%, P < 0.05) were higher in vegetarian erythrocytes. Placental 18:2 n-6 (+26.9%; P < 0.05) 18:3 n-3 (+139%, P < 0.05) and 22:5 n-3 (+24%, P < 0.05) were increased while 20:5 n-3 (-36%, P < 0.05), 22:6 n-3 (-16%; P = 0.059), and the ratios of 20:4 n-6/18:2 n-6 (P < 0.01) and 22:6 n-3/18:3 n-3 were reduced. 22:6 n-6 (-49%, P < 0.05) and total n-3 LCPUFA (-11%; P < 0.01) were reduced in vegetarian cord. For the diabetic mothers, all of the n-6 LCPUFA and n-3 LCPUFA were reduced in the maternal erythrocytes; 22:4 n-6 (-42%; P < 0.05), 22:5 n-6 (-46%, P < 0.05) and 22:6 n-3 (-41%, P < 0.05). For the diabetic placenta and cord the general pattern of n-3 LCPUFA was the same as that in the vegetarians. In the vegetarian mothers, the PUFA profiles in the maternal erythrocytes, placenta and cord are consistent with an elevation in the rate of LCPUFA synthesis in order to make up the relative deficit in LCPUFA intake. However, it may be that the higher level of desaturase activity is not able to overcome the dietary deficit of 22-6 n-3 and 22:6 n-6. Despite the fact that the dietary LCPUFA intake in the pregnant diabetic was comparable with that in the pregnant 'normal' omnivore mothers, the pattern of PUFA in the tissues resembled that of the vegetarian mothers.
Selected biomarkers of age-related diseases in older subjects with different nutrition; Background: The nutritionists introduce on the base of epidemiological and clinical studies that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Aging belongs to the main risks of cardiovascular disease. Methods: Markers of age-related diseases (cardiovascular, metabolic syndrome, diabetes) were assessed in two nutritional groups of older apparently healthy non-obese non-smoking women aged 60-70 years, 45 vegetarians (lacto-ovo-vegetarians and semi-vegetarians) and 38 non-vegetarians (control group on a traditional mixed diet, general population). Results: Vegetarian values of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, C-reactive protein, glucose, insulin and insulin resistance are significantly reduced. Non-vegetarian average values of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and C-reactive protein are risk. Vegetarians have a better antioxidative status (significantly increased vitamin C, lipid-standardized vitamine E and beta-carotene plasma concentrations). Conclusion: Favourable values of cardiovascular risk markers in older vegetarian women document a beneficial effect of vegetarian nutrition in prevention of this disease as well as the vegetarian diet can be an additional factor in therapy. Vegetarians suffer from mild hyperhomocysteinemia; it is due to the lower vitamin B12 concentration. Vitamin B12 supplements are inevitable for the hyperhomocysteinemia prevention (Tab. 2, Ref. 26). Full Text in free PDF www.bmj.sk.
Vascular dilatory functions of ovo-lactovegetarians compared with omnivores; Vegetarians have lower blood pressure and lower cardiovascular mortality. Vegetarian diets may have lower cardiovascular risks through positive influence on endothelium-dependent relaxation and related functions. The objective,, of this study were to assess the differences of vascular dilatory functions between middle-aged vegetarians and sex and age-matched omnivores before they develop any clinical manifestations of atherosclerosis. Twenty healthy vegetarians over the age of 50 and 20 healthy omnivores over the age of 50 were recruited for this study. Subjects with known risk factors for atherosclerosis such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity, hypercholesteremia, cigarette smoking, family history of vascular diseases, or taking any regular medication were excluded. Medical history, body weight, height, and duration of vegetarian diet were recorded. Baseline CBC, urinalysis and biochemical data such as fasting blood glucose, thyroid function, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, serum electrolytes (sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium and magnesium), lipid profiles [total cholesterol, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol] were obtained after a 14 h fast. Blood pressures and heart rate were recorded in supine position. Vascular dilatory functions, both flow-mediated (endothelium-dependent) and nitroglycerin-induced (endothelium-independent), were evaluated by using a non-invasive ultrasonographic method. The results show that there were no significant differences in the baseline characteristic between the vegetarians and the omnivores. There were also no significant differences in serum glucose, lipid profiles and thyroid function between these two groups. However, vasodilatation responses (both flow-mediated and nitroglycerin-induced) were significantly better in the vegetarian group and the degree of vasodilatation appeared to be correlated with years on vegetarian diets. Our findings suggest that vegetarian diets, by themselves, have a direct beneficial effect on vascular endothelial and smooth muscle function and may help to account for the lower incidence of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular mortality. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Anti-Inflammatory Effects of a Vegan Diet Versus the American Heart Association-Recommended Diet in Coronary Artery Disease Trial; Background-Dietary interventions may play a role in secondary cardiovascular prevention. hsCRP (High-sensitivity C-reactive protein) is a marker of risk for major adverse cardiovascular outcomes in coronary artery disease. Methods and Results-The open-label, blinded end-point, EVADE CAD (Effects of a Vegan Versus the American Heart Association-Recommended Diet in Coronary Artery Disease) trial randomized participants (n = 100) with coronary artery disease to 8 weeks of a vegan or American Heart Association-recommended diet with provision of groceries, tools to measure dietary intake, and dietary counseling. The primary end point was high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. A linear regression model compared end points after 8 weeks of a vegan versus American Heart Association diet and adjusted for baseline concentration of the end point. Significance levels for the primary and secondary end points were set at 0.05 and 0.0015, respectively. A vegan diet resulted in a significant 32% lower high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (beta, 0.68, 95% confidence interval [0.49-0.94]; P = 0.02) when compared with the American Heart Association diet. Results were consistent after adjustment for age, race, baseline waist circumference, diabetes mellitus, and prior myocardial infarction (adjusted b, 0.67 [0.47-0.94], P = 0.02). The degree of reduction in body mass index and waist circumference did not significantly differ between the 2 diet groups (adjusted b, 0.99 [0.97-1.00], P = 0.10; and adjusted b, 1.00 [0.98-1.01], P = 0.66, respectively). There were also no significant differences in markers of glycemic control between the 2 diet groups. There was a nonsignificant 13% reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with the vegan diet when compared with the American Heart Association diet (adjusted b, 0.87 [0.78-0.97], P = 0.01). There were no significant differences in other lipid parameters. Conclusions-In patients with coronary artery disease on guideline-directed medical therapy, a vegan diet may be considered to lower high-sensitivity C-reactive protein as a risk marker of adverse outcomes.
The Molecular Biology and Pathophysiology of Vascular Calcification; Vascular calcification (VC), commonly encountered in renal failure, diabetes, and aging, is associated with a large increase in the risk for cardiovascular events and mortality. Calcification of the arterial media and of heart valves clearly plays a mediating role in this regard, whereas it is less clear how calcification of plaque influences atherogenesis and risk for plaque rupture. Vascular calcification is an active process in which vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) adopt an osteoblastic phenotype and deposit hydroxyapatite crystals; apoptosis of VSMCs also promotes this deposition. Drivers of this phenotypic transition, which include elevated serum phosphate, advanced glycation end-products, bone morphogenetic proteins, inflammatory cytokines, and leptin, invariably induce oxidative stress in VSMCs, which appears to be a necessary and sufficient condition for induction of the runt-related transcription factor 2 gene (RUNX2) and the shift to osteoblastic behavior. Magnesium antagonizes the impact of phosphate on VSMC osteoblastic transition, both by a direct effect within VSMCs and by suppressing absorption of dietary phosphate. Antioxidants that suppress reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase activity may have the potential to block the osteoblastic transition of VSMCs. Minimizing the absorption of dietary phosphate may also be helpful in this regard, particularly in renal failure, and it can be achieved with plant-based dietary choices, avoidance of phosphate additives, and administration of pharmaceutical phosphate binders, supplemental magnesium, and niacin. Good vitamin K status opposes VC by optimizing the gamma-carboxylation of matrix Gla protein, a physiological antagonist of VC. Adequate but not excessive vitamin D status also appears to discourage VC. Etidronate, a structural analogue of pyrophosphate, has shown potential for blocking VC.
Prevention of non-enzymic glycation of proteins by dietary agents: prospects for alleviating diabetic complications; The accumulation of advanced glycation endproducts (AGE) due to non-enzymic glycation of proteins has been implicated in several pathophysiologies associated with ageing and diabetes. The formation of AGE is accelerated in hyperglycaemic conditions, which alter the structure and function of long-lived proteins. Thus inhibition of the formation of AGE is believed to play a role in the prevention of diabetic complications. In the present study we evaluated the antiglycating effect of aqueous extracts of various plant-based foods. The effect of aqueous extracts of these agents in terms of their ability to prevent the accumulation of AGE due to fructose-mediated in vitro glycation of eye lens soluble proteins was investigated. The degree of protein glycation in the absence and presence of dietary extracts was assessed by different complementary methods, i.e. non-tryptophan AGE fluorescence, AGE-induced cross-linking by SDS-PAGE and glyco-oxidative damage by carbonyl assay. Five out of the seventeen agents tested showed significant inhibitory potential against in vitro protein glycation in a dose-dependent manner. Prominent among them were ginger, cumin, cinnamon, black pepper and green tea, which inhibited in vitro AGE formation to lens proteins 40-90% at 1.0 mg/ml concentration. Assessing their potential to reduce the amount of glycated protein using boronate affinity chromatography and also their ability to prevent the formation of specific antigenic-AGE structures by immunodetection further substantiated the importance of ginger, cumin and cinnamon in reducing AGE burden. These findings indicate the potential of some dietary components to prevent and/or inhibit protein glycation. Thus these dietary agents may be able to be exploited for controlling AGE-mediated diabetic pathological conditions in vivo.
Plant compared with marine n-3 fatty acid effects on cardiovascular risk factors and outcomes: what is the verdict?; Plants provide alpha-linolenic acid [ALA; 18:3n-3 (18:3 omega-3)], which can be converted via eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), which is required for normal visual and cognitive function. Dietary ALA is provided mainly by vegetable oils, especially soybean and rapeseed oils, but is destroyed by partial hydrogenation; it is also present in high amounts in walnuts and flaxseed. Dietary EPA and DHA are provided mainly by fish and so are absent from vegan diets and only present in trace amounts in vegetarian diets. Vegetarians and vegans have lower proportions of DHA in blood and tissue lipids compared with omnivores. High intakes of EPA and DHA (typically in the range of 3-5 g/d) but not ALA have favorable effects on several cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and have been postulated to delay arterial aging and cardiovascular mortality, but these intakes are beyond the range of normal dietary intake. Arterial stiffness, which is a measure of arterial aging, appears to be lower in vegans than in omnivores; and risk of CVD in vegetarians and vegans is approximately one-third that in omnivores. Prospective cohort studies showed higher intakes of EPA+DHA, and less consistently ALA, to be associated with a lower risk of CVD, especially fatal coronary heart disease, but meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials of supplementation of EPA+DHA or ALA in secondary prevention of CVD showed no clear benefit. Current evidence is insufficient to warrant advising vegans and vegetarians to supplement their diets with EPA or DHA for CVD prevention.
Dietary Patterns Are Associated with Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Samoans; The prevalence of metabolic syndrome has reached epidemic levels in the Samoan Islands. In this cross-sectional study conducted in 2002-2003, dietary patterns were described among American Samoan (n = 723) and Samoan (n = 785) adults (>= 18 y) to identify neo-traditional and modern eating patterns and to relate these patterns to the presence of metabolic syndrome using Adult Treatment Panel III criteria. The neo-traditional dietary pattern, similar across both polities, was characterized by high intake of local foods, including crab/lobster, coconut products, and taro, and low intake of processed foods, including potato chips and soda. The modern pattern, also similar across both polities, was characterized by high intake of processed foods such as rice, potato chips, cake, and pancakes and low intake of local foods. The neo-traditional dietary pattern was associated with significantly higher serum HDL-cholesterol in American Samoa (P-trend = 0.05) and a decrease in abdominal circumference in American Samoa and Samoa (P-trend = 0.004 and 0.01, respectively). An inverse association was found with metabolic syndrome, although it did not reach significance (P = 0.23 in American Samoa; P = 0.13 in Samoa). The modern pattern was significantly positively associated with metabolic syndrome in Samoa (prevalence ratio = 1.21 for the fifth compared with first quintile; 95% Cl: 0.93.1.57; P-trend = 0.05) and with increased serum triglyceride levels in both polities (P < 0.05). Reduced intake of processed foods high in refined grains and adherence to a neo-traditional eating pattern characterized by plant-based fiber, seafood, and coconut products may help to prevent growth in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in the Samoan islands. J. Nutr. 139: 1933-1943, 2009.
Suppression of adipocyte differentiation and lipid accumulation by stearidonic acid (SDA) in 3T3-L1 cells; Background: Increased consumption of omega-3 (omega-3) fatty acids found in cold-water fish and fish oil has been reported to protect against obesity. A potential mechanism may be through reduction in adipocyte differentiation. Stearidonic acid (SDA), a plant-based omega-3 fatty acid, has been targeted as a potential surrogate for fish-based fatty acids; however, its role in adipocyte differentiation is unknown. This study was designed to evaluate the effects of SDA on adipocyte differentiation in 3T3-L1 cells. Methods: 3T3-L1 preadipocytes were differentiated in the presence of SDA or vehicle-control. Cell viability assay was conducted to determine potential toxicity of SDA. Lipid accumulation was measured by Oil Red O staining and triglyceride (TG) quantification in differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes. Adipocyte differentiation was evaluated by adipogenic transcription factors and lipid accumulation gene expression by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Fatty acid analysis was conducted by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). Results: 3T3-L1 cells treated with SDA were viable at concentrations used for all studies. SDA treatment reduced lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. This anti-adipogenic effect by SDA was a result of down-regulation of mRNA levels of the adipogenic transcription factors CCAAT/enhancer-binding proteins alpha and beta (C/EBP alpha, C/EBP beta), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR gamma), and sterol-regulatory element binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c). SDA treatment resulted in decreased expression of the lipid accumulation genes adipocyte fatty-acid binding protein (AP2), fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD-1), lipoprotein lipase (LPL), glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK). The transcriptional activity of PPAR. was found to be decreased with SDA treatment. SDA treatment led to significant EPA enrichment in 3T3-L1 adipocytes compared to vehicle-control. Conclusion: These results demonstrated that SDA can suppress adipocyte differentiation and lipid accumulation in 3T3L1 cells through down-regulation of adipogenic transcription factors and genes associated with lipid accumulation. This study suggests the use of SDA as a dietary treatment for obesity.
Long-term low-calorie low-protein vegan diet and endurance exercise are associated with low cardiometabolic risk; Background: Western diets, which typically contain large amounts of energy-dense processed foods, together with a sedentary lifestyle are associated with increased cardiometabolic risk. We evaluated the long-term effects of consuming a low-calorie low-protein vegan diet or performing regular endurance exercise on cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: In this crosssectional study, cardiometabolic risk factors were evaluated in 21 sedentary subjects, who had been on a low-calorie low-protein raw vegan diet for 4.4 +/- 2.8 years, (mean age, 53.1 +/- 11 yrs), 21 body mass index (BMI)-matched endurance runners consuming Western diets, and 21 ageand gender-matched sedentary subjects, consuming Western diets. Results: BMI was lower in the low-calorie low-protein vegan diet (21.3 +/- 3.1 kg/m(2)) and endurance runner (21.1 +/- 1.6 kg/m(2)) groups than in the sedentary Western diet group (26.5 +/- 2.7 kg/m(2)) (p < 0.005). Plasma concentrations of lipids, lipoproteins, glucose, insulin, C-reactive protein, blood pressure (BP), and carotid artery intima-media thickness were lower in the low-calorie low-protein vegan diet and runner groups than in the Western diet group (all p < 0.05). Both systolic and diastolic BP were lower in the low-calorie low-protein vegan diet group (104 +/- 15 and 62 +/- 11 mm Hg) than in BMI-matched endurance runners (122 +/- 13 and 72 +/- 9 mmHg) and Western diet group (132 +/- 14 and 79 +/- 8 mm Hg) (p < 0.001); BP values were directly associated with sodium intake and inversely associated with potassium and fiber intake. Conclusions: Longterm consumption of a low-calorie low-protein vegan diet or regular endurance exercise training is associated with low cardiometabolic risk. Moreover, our data suggest that specific components of a low-calorie low-protein vegan diet provide additional beneficial effects on blood pressure.
A Novel Combinatorial Epigenetic Therapy Using Resveratrol and Pterostilbene for Restoring Estrogen Receptor-α (ERα) Expression in ERα-Negative Breast Cancer Cells; Breast cancer is the second most common cancer and a leading cause of cancer death in women. Specifically, estrogen receptor-alpha (ER alpha)-negative breast cancers are clinically more aggressive and normally do not respond to conventional hormone-directed therapies such as tamoxifen. Although epigenetic-based therapies such as 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine and/or trichostatin A as DNA methyltransferase (DNMT) and histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors, respectively, can regulate the expression of ER alpha, this can often lead to a number of side effects. Plant-based dietary compounds such as resveratrol and pterostilbene in novel combinatorial therapy provides new avenues to target these side effects and provide similar results with a higher level of safety. Here, we report that combinatorial resveratrol and pterostilbene leads to the reactivation of ER alpha expression in ER alpha-negative breast cancer cells in a time-dependent manner. Chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis of the ER alpha promoter in each cell type revealed an increase in enrichment of acetyl-H3, acetyl-H3lysine9 (H3K9) and acetyl-H4 active chromatin markers in the ER alpha promoter region after combinatorial treatment. This treatment also resulted in a significant change in HDAC and histone acetyl transferase (HAT) enzyme activity in these cells after 3 days of treatments. The combination resulted in a significant decrease in DNMT enzyme activity and 5-methylcytosine levels in MDA-MB-157 breast cancer cells. Moreover, reactivation of ER alpha expression by resveratrol combined with pterostilbene was found to sensitize ERa-dependent response to 17 beta-estradiol (E2)-mediated cellular proliferation and antagonist 4-hydroxytamoxifen (4-OHT)-mediated inhibition of cellular proliferation in ER alpha-negative breast cancer cells. E2 and 4-OHT further affected the ER alpha-responsive downstream progesterone receptor (PGR) gene in ER alpha reactivated MDA-MB-157 cells. Collectively, our findings provide a new and safer way of restoring ERa expression by regulating epigenetic mechanisms with the use of phyto-chemicals in combinatorial therapy. This combination can further provide effective treatment options for hormonal refractory breast cancer with available anti-hormonal therapy.
Functional foods and nutraceuticals in the management of obesity; Purpose - With a global increase in the prevalence of obesity, nutrition and exercise play a key role in its prevention and treatment. Natural product (nutraceutical) interventions are currently being investigated on a large-scale basis as potential treatments for obesity and weight management. This paper aims to examine current research on nutraceuticals and their role in the management of obesity and body composition. This paper will focus specifically on nutraceuticals, which are plant-based, which may aid in preventing/treating the metabolic syndrome. Those that will be discussed include conjugated linoleic acid (CLA), capsaicin, Momordica Charantia (MC) and Psyllium fibre. Design/methodology/approach - Recent empirical evidence has suggested that the utilization of such nutraceuticals to treat human cases of the metabolic syndrome may indeed be warranted. By examining various databases and conducting literature searches the following herbs and food additives were found to be of significant importance within this realm of food science. More importantly, emphasis was placed on research which used the randomized placebo control design. Findings - Whilst many of the nutraceuticals already have widespread usage, dosage and utilization have still not been critically examined in research literature. Many studies have focused solely on animal research, while others have implemented these nutraceuticals in controlled human trials. Research limitations/implications - Whilst many journal articles met rigorous scientific standards, international research in this area has also revealed that, language barriers may exist. The field of clinical nutraceutical research is rel atively new in North America, and thus much information is still available in the East but barriers still exist with respect to knowledge of certain herbs. Practical implications - Clinical nutritionists as well as physicians must gain knowledge of nutraceutical usage as well as availability. With recent marketing of products online, issues of safety should also be raised with respect to clinical treatment. Some products may have contra-indicatory properties and thus further investigation with nutraceuticals and significant interactions with physician supervised treatment should also be evaluated in future research. Originality/value - To date few papers have evaluated nutraceutical usage specifically clinical usage and, furthermore, the implications that some may have on obesity and treatment of the metabolic syndrome. Filling this gap in the literature may allow other researchers, clinicians and physicians to learn more about nutraceuticals.
Natural Products for Drug Discovery in the 21st Century: Innovations for Novel Drug Discovery; The therapeutic properties of plants have been recognised since time immemorial. Many pathological conditions have been treated using plant-derived medicines. These medicines are used as concoctions or concentrated plant extracts without isolation of active compounds. Modern medicine however, requires the isolation and purification of one or two active compounds. There are however a lot of global health challenges with diseases such as cancer, degenerative diseases, HIV/AIDS and diabetes, of which modern medicine is struggling to provide cures. Many times the isolation of active compound has made the compound ineffective. Drug discovery is a multidimensional problem requiring several parameters of both natural and synthetic compounds such as safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy to be evaluated during drug candidate selection. The advent of latest technologies that enhance drug design hypotheses such as Artificial Intelligence, the use of organ-on chip' and microfluidics technologies, means that automation has become part of drug discovery. This has resulted in increased speed in drug discovery and evaluation of the safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy of candidate compounds whilst allowing novel ways of drug design and synthesis based on natural compounds. Recent advances in analytical and computational techniques have opened new avenues to process complex natural products and to use their structures to derive new and innovative drugs. Indeed, we are in the era of computational molecular design, as applied to natural products. Predictive computational softwares have contributed to the discovery of molecular targets of natural products and their derivatives. In future the use of quantum computing, computational softwares and databases in modelling molecular interactions and predicting features and parameters needed for drug development, such as pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamics, will result in few false positive leads in drug development. This review discusses plant-based natural product drug discovery and how innovative technologies play a role in next-generation drug discovery.
Bioactive phytomolecules and aging in <i>Caenorhabditis elegans</i>; Aging is a complex phenomenon, a sum total of changes that occur in a living organism with the passage of time and leads to decreasing ability to survive stress, increasing functional impairment and growing probability of death. Aging changes can be attributed to development, genetic defects, environmental factors, disease and an innate process-the aging process. Aging has been one of the most crucial menace factors for a number of socioeconomic burdens, hence discovery of any new chemical that modulates aging in research model organisms could lead to a new strategy for working upon age related diseases like diabetes, cancer and neuro-degenerative disorders. The present review highlights the previous studies suggesting effective modulation of the life prolonging mechanistic pathways and lifespan by various phytomolecules. The free living nematode Caenorhabditis elegans is a well established multicellular model organism for aging in biological research, being used by different laboratories worldwide. The enormous characteristics of this animal model that has contributed to its success includes its genetic pliability, invariant and fully described developmental program, well characterized genome, ease of maintenance, short and fertile life cycle and small body size. Being a multicellular organism it goes through a complex developmental process, including embryogenesis, morphogenesis to grow into an adult so, any biological information from C. elegans may be directly linked with more complex organisms, such as human. The reports on life span extension on exposure to plant based compounds clearly depicts that aging can be slowed down and thus makes life span extension an interesting area for research. This review summarizes the current understanding on interaction of phytomolecules with signalling pathways of aging that provides potential application in human health improvement and development of antiaging therapeutics.
Non enzymatic and enzymatic antioxidant activities in aqueous extract of different <i>Ficus deltoidea</i> accessions; Ficus deltoidea was used in this study due to its reputation in reducing risk of cancer, diabetes and heart diseases. In this study 13 accessions of F. deltoidea were selected and they were divided into two groups, generally named as, female and male plants based on leaf sizes and the spots present. The signature of F. deltoidea is that this plant has black spots representing the female leaf while red spots for the male leaf. For non enzymatic antioxidants, several methods were used, they were 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazil (DPPH) free radical scavenging assay and ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assay for total antioxidant content. In addition, total polyphenol, flavonoid, phenolic acid and vitamin C content were also analyzed. Enzymatic antioxidants of F. deltoidea leaf extracts were assayed; ascorbate oxidase, peroxidase, catalase and ascorbate peroxidase. For DPPH assay, F1 has 99.87% of inhibition while the lowest is in M10 (32.86 %). F13 has the highest total percentage of antioxidant for FRAP method and the lowest is in M4. Total polyphenol content showed F13 has the highest (1.30 mg/g FW) and M10 the lowest (0.49 mg/g FW). Similar trend was observed for total phenolic acid and flavonoid content. For both assays, F1 has the highest content while M10 is the lowest. For total vitamin C content, F8 and F7 have the highest and lowest content with 6.78 and 0.61 mg/g FW, respectively. Ascorbate oxidase, peroxidase, catalase and ascorbate peroxidase were calculated using respective coefficient extinction and expressed as mg/g FW protein content. This study suggested that the extracts of the female leaves are better than male leaves in most of the assays. This is the first documented report on the antioxidants of F. deltoidea.
Retinal neuroprotective effects of quercetin in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of Quercetin (Qctn), a plant based flavonol, on retinal oxidative stress, neuroinflammation and apoptosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Qctn treatment (25- and 50 mg/kg body weight) was given orally for six months in diabetic rats. Retinal glutathione (GSH) and antioxidant enzymes [superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT)] were estimated using commercially available assays, and inflammatory cytokines levels [tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), Interleukin-1 beta (IL-1 beta)] were estimated by ELISA method. Immunofluorescence and western blot studies were performed for nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kB), caspase-3, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and aquaporin-4 (AQP4) expressions. Structural changes were evaluated by light microscopy. In the present study, retinal GSH levels and antioxidant enzyme (SOD and CAT) activities were significantly decreased in diabetic group as compared to normal group. However, in Qctn-treated rats, retinal GSH levels were restored close to normal levels and positive modulation of antioxidant enzyme activities was observed. Diabetic retinas showed significantly increased expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines (TNF-alpha and IL-1 beta) as compared to that in normal retinas, while Qctn-treated retinas showed significantly lower levels of cytokines as compared to diabetic retinas. Light microscopy showed significantly increased number of ganglion cell death and decreased retinal thickness in diabetic group compared to those in normal retina; however, protective effect of Qctn was seen. Increased apoptosis in diabetic retina is proposed to be mediated by overexpression of NF-kB and caspase-3. However, Qctn showed inhibitory effects on NF-kB and caspase-3 expression. Microglia showed upregulated GFAP expression, and inflammation of Muller cells resulted in edema in their endfeet and around perivascular space in nerve fiber layer in diabetic retina, as observed through AQP4 expression. However, Qctn treatments inhibited diabetes-induced increases in GFAP and AQP4 expression. Based on these findings, it can be concluded that bioflavonoids, such as Qctn can be effective for protection of diabetes induced retinal neurodegeneration and oxidative stress. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A hospital based study of prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in an urban population of India; Objective: A cross-sectional institutional-based study was undertaken to know the prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) among Indian pregnant women. Subjects and Methods: 325 pregnant women were screened for evidence of diabetes who were previously not known to be diabetic. They underwent 75 g, 2 hour, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Chi-square test was done for statistically association of variables in GDM. Results and Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that bad obstetrics history, obese patient on high calorie diet especially non vegetarian diet with less physical activity are highly prone to develop GDM.
Short-term methionine deprivation improves metabolic health <i>via</i> sexually dimorphic, mTORC1-independent mechanisms; Obesity and diabetes are major challenges to global health, and there is an urgent need for interventions that promote weight loss. Dietary restriction of methionine promotes leanness and improves metabolic health in mice and humans. However, poor long-term adherence to this diet limits its translational potential. In this study, we develop a short-term methionine deprivation (MD) regimen that preferentially reduces fat mass, restoring normal body weight and glycemic control to diet-induced obese mice of both sexes. The benefits of MD do not accrue from calorie restriction, but instead result from increased energy expenditure. MD promotes increased energy expenditure in a sex-specific manner, inducing the fibroblast growth factor (Fgf)-21-uncoupling protein (Ucp)-1 axis only in males. Methionine is an agonist of the protein kinase mechanistic target of rapamycin complex (mTORC)-1, which has been proposed to play a key role in the metabolic response to amino acid-restricted diets. In our study, we used a mouse model of constitutive hepatic mTORC1 activity and demonstrate that suppression of hepatic mTORC1 signaling is not required for the metabolic effects of MD. Our study sheds new light on the mechanisms by which dietary methionine regulates metabolic health and demonstrates the translational potential of MD for the treatment of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Vegetarian Dietary Patterns Are Associated With a Lower Risk of Metabolic Syndrome The Adventist Health Study 2; OBJECTIVE-The study objective was to compare dietary patterns in their relationship with metabolic risk factors (MRFs) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Cross-sectional analysis of 773 subjects (mean age 60 years) from the Adventist Health Study 2 was performed. Dietary pattern was derived from a food frequency questionnaire and classified as vegetarian (35%), semi-vegetarian (16%), and nonvegetarian (49%). ANCOVA was used to determine associations between dietary pattern and MRFs (HDL, triglycerides, glucose, blood pressure, and waist circumference) while controlling for relevant cofactors. Logistic regression was used in calculating odds ratios (ORs) for MetS. RESULTS-A vegetarian dietary pattern was associated with significantly lower means for all MRFs except HDL (P for trend < 0.001 for those factors) and a lower risk of having MetS (OR 0.44, 95% CI 0.30-0.64, P < 0.001) when compared with a nonvegetarian dietary pattern. CONCLUSIONS-A vegetarian dietary pattern is associated with a more favorable profile of MRFs and a lower risk of MetS. The relationship persists after adjusting for lifestyle and demographic factors.
Whole Grains and Pulses: A Comparison of the Nutritional and Health Benefits; Nutrition plays an important role in the prevention and management of disease. Whole grain cereals contain a host of nutrients and bioactive substances that have health-promoting effects. Epidemiological evidence shows a consistent inverse association between whole grain intake and the risk of chronic disease. Despite a concerted effort by scientists, educators, and policy makers to promote the consumption of whole grains, it remains dismally short of the recommended intakes. Pulses (dried beans and peas) differ from whole grains in their structural and physicochemical properties and have varying amounts of fiber, resistant starch, vitamins, minerals, and other bioactive components; nevertheless, these food groups complement each other. Observational as well as intervention trials show that pulse consumption has beneficial effects on the prevention and management of chronic disease. The nutritional and phytochemical components of pulses coupled with those of whole grains suggest a potential synergistic effect that could provide significant health benefits.
Chronic dietary exposure to branched chain amino acids impairs glucose disposal in vegans but not in omnivores; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Branched chain amino acids (BCAA) are among nutrients strongly linked with insulin sensitivity (IS) measures. We investigated the effects of a chronic increase of BCAA intake on IS in two groups of healthy subjects differing in their basal consumption of BCAA, that is, vegans and omnivores. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eight vegans and eight matched omnivores (five men and three women in each group) received 15 g (women) or 20 g (men) of BCAA daily for 3 months. Anthropometry, blood analyses, glucose clamp, arginine test, subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (AT) and skeletal muscle (SM) biopsies (mRNA levels of selected metabolic markers, respiratory chain (RC) activity) were performed at baseline, after the intervention and after a 6 month wash-out period. RESULTS: Compared with omnivores, vegans had higher IS at baseline (GIR, glucose infusion rate: 9.6 +/- 2.4 vs 7.1 +/- 2.4 mg/kg/min, 95% CI for difference: 0.55 to 5.82) that declined after the intervention and returned to baseline values after the wash-out period (changes in GIR with 95% CI, 3-0 months: -1.64 [-2.5; -0.75] and 9-3 months: 1.65 [0.75; 2.54] mg/kg/min). No such change was observed in omnivores. In omnivores the intervention led to an increased expression of lipogenic genes (DGAT2, FASN, PPAR., SCD1) in AT. SM RC activity increased in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Negative impact of increased BCAA intake on IS was only detected in vegans, that is, subjects with low basal amino acids/BCAA intake, which appear to be unable to induce sufficient compensatory changes within AT and SM on a BCAA challenge.
Higher accumulation of F1-V fusion recombinant protein in plants after induction of protein body formation; Improving foreign protein accumulation is crucial for enhancing the commercial success of plant-based production systems since product yields have a major influence on process economics. Cereal grain evolved to store large amounts of proteins in tightly organized aggregates. In maize, gamma-Zein is the major storage protein synthesized by the rough endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and stored in specialized organelles called protein bodies (PB). Zera(A (R)) (gamma-Zein ER-accumulating domain) is the N-terminal proline-rich domain of gamma-zein that is sufficient to induce the assembly of PB formation. Fusion of the Zera(A (R)) domain to proteins of interest results in assembly of dense PB-like, ER-derived organelles, containing high concentration of recombinant protein. Our main goal was to increase recombinant protein accumulation in plants in order to enhance the efficiency of orally-delivered plant-made vaccines. It is well known that oral vaccination requires substantially higher doses than parental formulations. As a part of a project to develop a plant-made plague vaccine, we expressed our model antigen, the Yersinia pestis F1-V antigen fusion protein, with and without a fused Zera(A (R)) domain. We demonstrated that Zera(A (R))-F1-V protein accumulation was at least 3x higher than F1-V alone when expressed in three different host plant systems: Ncotiana benthamiana, Medicago sativa (alfalfa) and Nicotiana tabacum NT1 cells. We confirmed the feasibility of using Zera(A (R)) technology to induce protein body formation in non-seed tissues. Zera(A (R)) expression and accumulation did not affect plant development and growth. These results confirmed the potential exploitation of Zera(A (R)) technology to substantially increase the accumulation of value-added proteins in plants.
Major Dietary Protein Sources in Relation to Pancreatic Cancer: a Large Prospective Study; Introduction: Current evidence is inconsistent about the association between dietary protein intake and risk of pancreatic cancer (PC). The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between total intake of major dietary protein sources and risk of PC in a large prospective study in Golestan Cohort Study (GCS). Methods: We examined the association of total intake of major dietary protein sources with risk of PC in the 50,045 participants (20,855 men and 28,255 women) of the GCS in northeastern Iran. Participants were aged 40 and older at baseline and actively followed from 2004 to the present time. Dietary data were collected using a validated semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire that was administered at baseline. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate Multivariable hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: During 383,630 person-years of follow-up, 54 cases of pancreatic cancer were ascertained. There was only a statistically significant inverse association between risk of PC for the second versus lowest tertile of plant based protein intake in the first and multivariable models (HR95%,27. = CI =.12.64, HR =.28, 95% CI =.12.65 respectively); however, this association was not significant anymore when comparing the highest tertile with the lowest one, in the first and multivariable models (HR =.49, 95% CI =.19-1.24, HR =.52, 95% CI =.20-1.34 respectively). Conclusion: In this large prospective cohort, we did not observe any clear and consistent evidence for an association between main dietary protein intakes and the risk of PC. Examining the method of cooking is recommended in future studies.
Clinical Uses of 1-Alpha-Hydroxy-Ergocalciferol; Compared to such native vitamin D agents as cholecalciferol (D-3), egocalciferol (D-2), and calcifediol (25-hydroxy vitamin D-3), which need 1-alpha hydroxylase to be activated, 1-alpha-ergocalciferol, also known as doxercalciferol, is a synthetically manufactured vitamin D analog used for treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism (SHPT) in chronic kidney disease (CKD). Doxercalciferol exhibits more structural similarities to plant-based vitamin D-2, ergocalciferol, than with animal-based vitamin D-3, cholecalciferol. Because doxercalciferol does not have a 25-hydroxy group, it requires 25-hydroxylation by the liver to be activated, a process independent of kidneys. Doxercalciferol shares these features with its D-3 equivalent, 1-alpha-hydroxy-cholecalciferol (alphacalcidol), both of which are activated hepatically and independent of renal or extra-renal 1-alpha hydroxylase. In experimental and clinical studies of CKD and SHPT, doxercalciferol effectively reduces parathyroid hormone levels and restores abnormal bone pathology. The efficacy of doxercalciferol is similar to other vitamin D analogs including calcitriol, alphacalcidol, paricalcitol (19-nor-1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D-2) and maxacalcitol (1,25-dihydroxy-22-oxa-vitamin D-3). The frequency and magnitude of hypercalcemia or hyperphosphatemia observed with doxercalciferol treatment may be less than calcitriol or alphacalcidol therapy but not less than such vitamin D-mimetics as paricalcitol or maxacalcitol. Doxercalciferol can be used for the treatment of SHPT across all ranges of CKD, particularly if hypercalcemia is of concern. There are limited data as to whether doxercalciferol confers greater efficacy or better outcome and survival than other vitamin D analogs and D-mimetics. Whereas further studies are warranted, doxercalciferol can safely be used for correction of SHPT in the entire spectrum of CKD.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids for Nutrition and Medicine: Considering Microalgae Oil as a Vegetarian Source of EPA and DHA; Long-chain EPA/DHA omega-3 fatty acid supplementation can be co-preventative and co-therapeutic. Current research suggests increasing accumulated long chain omega-3s for health benefits and as natural medicine in several major diseases. But many believe plant omega-3 sources are nutritionally and therapeutically equivalent to the EPA/DHA omega-3 in fish oil. Although healthy, precursor ALA bio-conversion to EPA is inefficient and production of DHA is nearly absent, limiting the protective value of ALA supplementation from flax-oil, for example. Along with pollutants certain fish acquire high levels of EPA/DHA as predatory species. However, the origin of EPA/DHA in aquatic ecosystems is algae. Certain microalgae produce high levels of EPA or DHA. Now, organically produced DHA-rich microalgae oil is available. Clinical trials with DHA-rich oil indicate comparable efficacies to fish oil for protection from cardiovascular risk factors by lowering plasma triglycerides and oxidative stress. This review discusses 1) omega-3 fatty acids in nutrition and medicine; 2) omega-3s in physiology and gene regulation; 3) possible protective mechanisms of EPA/DHA in major diseases such as coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, cancer and type 2 diabetes; 4) EPA and DHA requirements considering fish oil safety; and 5) microalgae EPA and DHA-rich oils and recent clinical results.
Association of carnitine deficiency in Indian continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients with anemia, erythropoietin use, residual renal function, and diabetes mellitus; Objective: In the present study, we aimed to determine levels of free carnitine in hemodialysis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients in India and to correlate carnitine deficiency with various clinical parameters. Methods: Patients on HD and PD at two tertiary care centers were selected for the study. Baseline data were obtained, and a free carnitine analysis was performed. Carnitine deficiency was defined as a free carnitine level of less than 40 m mol/L. Results: The total number of study patients was 96 (77 on HD, 19 on PD). In the PD group, the mean age was 56 years, with 26.3% of the patients being vegan, 47.4% having diabetes, and 57.9% having a daily urine output of <500 mL. The mean carnitine level in that group was 38.9 m mol/L, and 68.4% of the patients had a carnitine deficiency. A Pearson correlation test failed to show any association of carnitine level with parameters such as anemia, use of erythropoietin, non-vegetarian diet, diabetes, and hypertension. In the HD group, the mean age was 45 years, with 22% of the patients being vegan, 23% having diabetes, and 45.5% having a daily urine output of <500 mL. The mean carnitine level in the group was 38.2 m mol/L, and 64.3% of the patients had a carnitine deficiency. Residual renal function and duration of dialysis were different in HD patients with and without carnitine deficiency. Carnitine levels in the HD group correlated positively and statistically significantly with the presence of diabetes and hypertension. Conclusion: This study is the first demonstration that Indian dialysis patients have carnitine deficiency.
Amino acid changes during transition to a vegan diet supplemented with fish in healthy humans; Purpose To explore whether changes in dietary protein sources can lower plasma branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), aromatic amino acids and sulfur amino acids (SAAs) that are often elevated in the obese, insulin-resistant state and in type 2 diabetes. Methods Thirty-six subjects (mean age 31 +/- 2 years) underwent a voluntary abstinence from meat, poultry, eggs, and dairy products for 6 weeks, while enriching the diet with fish, in fulfillment of a religious fast. Subjects were assessed 1 week before the fast (V1), 1 week after initiation of the fast (V2) and in the last week of the fast (V3). Thirty-four subjects completed all three visits. Results Fasting plasma BCAAs decreased at V2 and remained low at V3 (P < 0.001 for all). Valine showed the greatest decline, by 20 and 19 % at V2 and V3, respectively. Phenylalanine and tryptophan, but not tyrosine, also decreased at V2 and V3. The two proteinogenic SAAs, methionine and cysteine, remained stable, but the cysteine product, taurine, decreased from 92 +/- 7 mu mol/L to 66 +/- 6 (V2; P = 0.003) and 65 +/- 6 mu mol/L (V3; P = 0.003). A progressive decline in plasma glutamic acid, coupled with an increase in glutamine, was observed. Plasma total and LDL cholesterol decreased at V2 and V3 (P < 0.001 for all). Conclusion Changing dietary protein sources to plant- and fish-based sources in an ad libitum setting lowers the plasma BCAAs that have been linked to diabetes risk. These findings point to habitual diet as a potentially modifiable determinant of fasting plasma BCAA concentrations.
Preliminary study of the antioxidant properties of flowers and roots of <i>Pyrostegia venusta</i> (Ker Gawl) <i>Miers</i>; Background: Free radical stress leads to tissue injury and can eventually to arthritis, atherosclerosis, diabetes mellitus, neurodegenerative diseases and carcinogenesis. Several studies are ongoing worldwide to find natural antioxidants of plant origin. We assessed the in-vitro antioxidant activities and screened the phytochemical constituents of methanolic extracts of Pyrostegia venusta (Ker Gawl) Miers. Methods: We evaluated the antioxidant potential and phytochemical constituents of P. venusta using 1,1-Diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH), 2, 2'-azinobis-3-ethylbenzothiazoline-6-sulfonic acid (ABTS) and ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assays. Gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS) studies were also undertaken to assess the phytochemical composition of the flower extracts. Results: Phytochemical analyses revealed the presence of terpenoids, alkaloids, tannins, steroids, and saponins. The reducing ability of both extracts was in the range (in mu m Fe(II)/g) of 112.49-3046.98 compared with butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT; 63.56 +/- 2.62), catechin (972.02 +/- 0.72 mu m) and quercetin 3208.27 +/- 31.29. A significant inhibitory effect of extracts of flowers (IC50 = 0.018 +/- 0.69 mg/ml) and roots (IC50 = 0.026 +/- 0.94 mg/ml) on ABTS free radicals was detected. The antioxidant activity of the extracts of flowers (95%) and roots (94%) on DPPH radicals was comparable with that of ascorbic acid (98.9%) and BHT (97.6%). GC-MS study revealed the presence of myoinositol, hexadecanoic acid, linoleic acid, palmitic acid and oleic acid in the flower extracts. Conclusion: These data suggest that P. venusta is a natural source of antioxidants. The extracts of flowers and roots of P. venusta contain significant amounts of phytochemicals with antioxidative properties and could serve as inhibitors or scavengers of free radicals. P. venusta could be exploited as a potential source for plant-based pharmaceutical products. These results could form a sound basis for further investigation in the potential discovery of new natural bioactive compounds.
A randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of high <i>P</i>rotein <i>C</i>omplete (l<i>A</i>cto) <i>VE</i>geta<i>R</i>ian (PACER) diet in non-diabetic obese Asian Indians in North India; In view of the increasing prevalence of obesity in largely vegetarian Asian Indians, it is important to research a high protein, low carbohydrate vegetarian diet. The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of a "High Protein Complete (lacto) VEgetaRian Diet (Acronym; 'PACER diet'), on weight, body composition and metabolic profiles in non-diabetic obese Asian Indians living in north India. In this 8-week randomized control trial, 102 vegetarian subjects with body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m(2) were randomized to either a test diet (PACER diet; high protein, high fat and moderately low carbohydrate, lacto-vegetarian diet) or control diet (standard vegetarian diet formulated as the dietary guidelines for Asian Indians) after 4 weeks of diet and exercise run-in period. A standard exercise protocol was followed for both groups. Body weight, BMI, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting serum insulin and lipid profile were assessed before and after the intervention. There was significant weight loss along with improvements in cardio-metabolic risk factors among both the groups post intervention. Percent reductions in the intervention group for weight (6.1 +/- 2.9; p < 0.001), WC (3.9 +/- 1.7; p < 0.001), FPG (5.9 +/- 3.2; p < 0.001), total cholesterol (10.2 +/- 6.3: p < 0.001), serum triacylglycerol (13.6 +/- 10.6; p < 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (11.9 +/- 7.1; p < 0.001]) were significantly greater than the control diet group. In summary, intervention with a PACER diet (high protein, high fat and moderately low carbohydrate, lacto-vegetarian diet) showed significant improvement in weight loss, body composition and cardio-metabolic profile as compared to a standard vegetarian diet among obese Asian Indians in north India.
The significance of vitamins in diabetes; Vitamins are essential for normal functioning of each human organism. Some of them, especially B vitamins and antioxidants, play an important role in effective medical treatment of diabetic patients. The B vitamins take part in carbohydrate metabolism, lipid and protein building, they have influence on blood vessel and nervous system functioning. Antioxidants, such as vitamins E and C and carotene, protect organism from damages caused by excessive amount of free radicals. This way they prevent patient from late diabetic complications. These vitamins should be supplied with natural food ingredients. Authors present the tables with selected vegetables, fruits and other food products that contain high amount of vitamins. With the proper and well balanced diet there is no need to take additionally pharmacological supplements of vitamins. Vitamin supplementation should be recommended for patients with diagnosed deficiencies. In groups with increased risk of deficiencies, such as: pregnant or lactating women, elderly individuals, patients on calorie-restricted or strict vegetarian diets, it may also be beneficial. There is no clear evidence of benefit from vitamin supplementation in patients without diagnosed or increased risk of deficiencies. Folic acid supplementation for prevention of neural tube birth defects in young women with diabetes constitutes an exception.
Natural vegan meal replacement: metabolic and oxidative modulation on overweight subjects; Background: Obesity correlates with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, oxidative stress, cardiovascular diseases. Meal replacement (MR) products offer a possible strategy for weight management and subsequent reduction in obesity-related risk factors. Aims/Methods: twenty-seven healthy overweight subjects (6M/21F, age range 21-70, BMI range 25.0-43.8 kg/m(2)) were enrolled to test the efficacy of a MR supplement (GoJuvo (R)). Main aims: a) short-term: to compare glycaemic status and triglycerides levels at baseline (T0), after MR supplementation and after a standard Mediterranean meal taken 4 hours after MR; long-term: to evaluate, in 20 out of the 27 subjects, over three months (T1), the effects of the MR, b) taken together with a standard prescribed diet, and to compare it with the effects on the parameters of 20 controls only on the standard diet. Anthropometric parameters, lipid and glycaemia profile, oxidative status (oxidized LDL concentrations) and homocysteine metabolism were measured at T0 and T1. Results: Short-term aim: overweight/obese subjects' post-prandial MR insulin and triglycerides values were significantly lower than values after the standard meal (mean delta values p=0.0001 and p=0.006, respectively); long-term aim: at T1, subjects showed a significant improvement in anthropometric indices (p<0.05), a considerable decrease in ox-LDL levels and a significant improvement in Hcy metabolism (p<0.001). Conclusions: GoJuvo r modulated metabolic indices associated with the development of type 2 diabetes, possibly due to its fibre content. Subjects at T1 showed a significant decrease in homocysteinemia with an increase in folate levels and an anti-oxidative action on lipid peroxidation, most likely contributing to a reduction in cardiovascular risk.
Associations between diet and cancer, ischemic heart disease, and all-cause mortality in non-Hispanic white California Seventh-day Adventists; Results associating diet with chronic disease in a cohort of 34 192 California Seventh-day Adventists are summarized. Most Seventh-day Adventists do not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol, and there is a wide range of dietary exposures within the population. About 50% of those studied ate meat products <1 time/wk or not at all, and vegetarians consumed more tomatoes, legumes, nuts, and fruit, but less coffee, doughnuts, and eggs than did nonvegetarians. Multivariate analyses showed significant associations between beef consumption and fatal ischemic heart disease (IHD) in men [relative risk (RR) = 2.31 for subjects who ate beef greater than or equal to 3 times/wk compared with vegetarians], significant protective associations between nut consumption and fatal and nonfatal MD in both sexes (RR approximate to 0.5 for subjects who ate nuts greater than or equal to 5 times/wk compared with those who ate nuts <1 time/wk), and reduced risk of IHD in subjects preferring whole-grain to white bread. The lifetime risk of IHD was reduced by approximate to 31% in those who consumed nuts frequently and by 37% in male vegetarians compared with nonvegetarians. Cancers of the colon and prostate were significantly more likely in nonvegetarians (RR of 1.88 and 1.54, respectively), and frequent beef consumers also had higher risk of bladder cancer. Intake of legumes was negatively associated with risk of colon cancer in nonvegetarians and risk of pancreatic cancer. Higher consumption of all fruit or dried fruit was associated with lower risks of lung, prostate, and pancreatic cancers. Cross-sectional data suggest vegetarian Seventh-day Adventists have lower risks of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and arthritis than nonvegetarians. Thus, among Seventh-day Adventists, vegetarians are healthier than nonvegetarians but this cannot be ascribed only to the absence of meat.
Characterizing diabetes, diet, exercise, and obesity comments on Twitter; Social media provide a platform for users to express their opinions and share information. Understanding public health opinions on social media, such as Twitter, offers a unique approach to characterizing common health issues such as diabetes, diet, exercise, and obesity (DDEO); however, collecting and analyzing a large scale conversational public health data set is a challenging research task. The goal of this research is to analyze the characteristics of the general public's opinions in regard to diabetes, diet, exercise and obesity (DDEO) as expressed on Twitter. A multi-component semantic and linguistic framework was developed to collect Twitter data, discover topics of interest about DDEO, and analyze the topics. From the extracted 4.5 million tweets, 8% of tweets discussed diabetes, 23.7% diet, 16.6% exercise, and 51.7% obesity. The strongest correlation among the topics was determined between exercise and obesity (p <.0002). Other notable correlations were: diabetes and obesity (p <.0005), and diet and obesity (p <.001). DDEO terms were also identified as subtopics of each of the DDEO topics. The frequent subtopics discussed along with "Diabetes", excluding the DDEO terms themselves, were blood pressure, heart attack, yoga, and Alzheimer. The non-DDEO subtopics for "Diet" included vegetarian, pregnancy, celebrities, weight loss, religious, and mental health, while subtopics for "Exercise" included computer games, brain, fitness, and daily plan. Non-DDEO subtopics for "Obesity" included Alzheimer, cancer, and children. With 2.67 billion social media users in 2016, publicly available data such as Twitter posts can be utilized to support clinical providers, public health experts, and social scientists in better understanding common public opinions in regard to diabetes, diet, exercise, and obesity.
A STUDY ON ASIAN INDIAN AND AMERICAN VEGETARIANS - INDICATIONS OF A RACIAL PREDISPOSITION TO GLUCOSE-INTOLERANCE; Sixty-two Asian Indian and American vegetarians participated in a 3-h glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast to study clinical indices of glucose homeostasis. The Asian Indians had a higher (p < 0.0035) insulinogenic score than the Americans. The Asian Indians had significantly higher insulin levels than the Americans at every sampling time during the glucose tolerance test except for the 3-h sample. The Indian men had significantly higher (p < 0.05) plasma glucose than the other three groups at 2 h after the glucose load. American subjects had higher (p < 0.0008) insulin binding to erythrocytes than the Asian Indian subjects. Scatchard analysis and competition-inhibition plots of the insulin-receptor data indicated that decreased binding in the Indian group results from lowered number and decreased affinity of erythrocyte receptors. These results suggest that Asian Indians exhibit several clinical indications associated with an increased risk for the development of insulin-independent diabetes.
Effect of the herbal mixture composed of <i>Aloe Vera</i>, <i>Henna</i>, <i>Adiantum capillus</i>-<i>veneris</i>, and <i>Myrrha</i> on wound healing in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats; Background: Wound healing is often impaired in diabetic animals and humans. Matrix metalloproteases act as proinflammatory agents in physiological wound healing pathways by stimulating cytokines including the interleukins, IL6, IL1A and IL1B, and the tumor necrosis factor and transforming growth factor beta1. Botanicals are traditionally used to assist healing of different types of wounds, because they produce fewer side effects. Our specific aim here was to develop a plant-based recipe supporting effective wound healing in diabetic animals. Methods: Plant materials from Adiantum capillus-veneris, Commiphora molmol, Aloe Vera, and henna were collected for this study, and oven-dried at 60 degrees C. The dried leaves and resins were then crumbled into a powder and mixed in equal parts with Vaseline as a preservative. This mixture was used as an ointment on wounds induced in 60 diabetic and non-diabetic rats that were divided into 6 subgroups receiving agent or control treatments. Necrotic tissue surrounding the wound was periodically removed during wound healing. RNA was extracted from the healing region of the wound at days 7, 14 and 21 for cDNA synthesis to monitor changes in Tgfb1, Mmp3, Mmp9, Il6 and Tnf alpha expression using real-time PCR. Results: The expression of the Mmp3, the Tnf alpha, and the Tgfb1 genes from wound tissue were significantly different (p < 0.05) between diabetic and non-diabetic (control) rats treated with the herbal mixture after 14 and 21 days. There was no significant difference (p > 0.05) of the Mmp9 gene expression in diabetic and non-diabetic rats treated only with Vaseline after 7, 14, and 21 days. But, the expression of the Mmp9 gene decreased significantly (p < 0.05) in diabetic rats after 14 days in comparison to non-diabetic rats, when the herbal mixture was added to Vaseline. Conclusions: Our study presents an herbal treatment that alters the gene expression signature at wounds induced in the rat model for type I diabetes in a manner consistent with accelerated healing, and demonstrates that this herbal treatment might be effective to treat wounds in diabetic patients.
COPPER AND ZINC LEVEL IN BIOLOGICAL SAMPLES FROM HEALTHY-SUBJECTS OF VEGETARIAN FOOD HABIT IN REFERENCE TO COMMUNITY ENVIRONMENT; Many epidemiologists have found a correlation between Cu and Zn in the community environment and diseases, such as myocardial and vascular pathologies, and diabetes. The total daily intake of these 2 metals in cooked food, drinking water and air and their respective levels in blood and urine were investigated. A chronobiological methodology was adopted to establish the reference values of these 2 metals in biological samples. The daily intake of Cu is within the recommended value, whereas its urinary excretion is high. The daily intake of Zn is below the recommended value and its urinary excretion is also high. Both metals showed a temporal oscillation pattern in blood and urine. A possible chronic Zn deficiency was anticipated in this particular ethnic group of vegetarian food habit.
The Elevated Susceptibility to Diabetes in India: An Evolutionary Perspective; India has rapidly become a "diabetes capital" of the world, despite maintaining high rates of under-nutrition. Indians develop diabetes at younger age and at lower body weights than other populations. Here, we interpret these characteristics in terms of a "capacity-load" model of glucose homeostasis. Specifically, we assume that glycemic control depends on whether the body's "metabolic capacity," referring to traits, such as pancreatic insulin production and muscle glucose clearance, is able to resolve the "metabolic load" generated by high levels of body fat, high dietary glycemic load, and sedentary behavior. We employ data from modern cohorts to support the model and the interpretation that elevated diabetic risk among Indian populations results from the high metabolic load imposed by westernized lifestyles acting on a baseline of low metabolic capacity. We attribute this low metabolic capacity to the low birth weight characteristic of Indian populations, which is associated with short stature and low lean mass in adult life. Using stature as a marker of metabolic capacity, we review archeological and historical evidence to highlight long-term declines in Indian stature associated with adaptation to several ecological stresses. Underlying causes may include increasing population density following the emergence of agriculture, the spread of vegetarian diets, regular famines induced by monsoon failure, and the undermining of agricultural security during the colonial period. The reduced growth and thin physique that characterize Indian populations elevate susceptibility to truncal obesity, and increase the metabolic penalties arising from sedentary behavior and high glycemic diets. Improving metabolic capacity may require multiple generations; in the meantime, efforts to reduce the metabolic load will help ameliorate the situation.
PLASMA-LIPIDS AND LIPOPROTEIN CHOLESTEROL CONCENTRATIONS IN PEOPLE WITH DIFFERENT DIETS IN BRITAIN; Concentrations of total cholesterol and cholesterol in the various lipoprotein fractions were measured in vegans, vegetarians, fish eaters (who did not eat meat), and meat eaters. Total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were higher in meat eaters than vegans, with vegetarians and fish eaters having intermediate and similar values. High density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration was highest in the fish eaters but did not differ among the other groups. There were striking trends with age in total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations, which different between mean and women: women showed a steady increase in concentration with age, whereas concentrations in men did not increase appreciably after the age of 40, which may partly explain sex differences in the prevalence of coronary heart disease. The differences in total cholesterol concentration suggest that the incidence of coronary heart disease may be 24% lower in lifelong British vegetarians  and 57% lower in lifelong vegans than in meat eaters.
Dietary Protocols to Maximize Disease Reversal and Long-Term Safety; This article covers some important concepts and controversies in modern nutritional science. It describes a diet style designed to maximize health, longevity, and disease reversal-foundationally structured on the quality and comprehensive adequacy of nutrients rather than the balance of macronutrients, as is more popular today. I call such a diet, which attempts to optimize micronutrients, a nutritarian diet. I will review a small case series demonstrating typical results in diabetics and some of my clinical observations over the last 25 years treating people with a nutritarian diet, which could be either vegan or flexitarian. I will also discuss health concerns observed from an unsupplemented vegan diet, specifically the risk of depression and later life dementia in individuals with enhanced need for long-chain omega-3 fatty acids.
Advanced glycation end products and nutrition; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) may play an important adverse role in process of atherosclerosis, diabetes, aging and chronic renal failure. Levels of N-epsilon-carboxymethyllysine and fluorescent AGE values were estimated in two nutritional population groups - alternative group (vegetarians - plant food, milk products, eggs) and traditional group (omnivorous subjects). Vegetarians have a significantly higher carboxymethyllysine content in plasma and fluorescent AGE values. Intake of proteins, lysine and monosaccharides as well as culinary treatment, consumption of food AGEs (mainly from technologically processed products) and the routes of Maillard reaction in organism are the substantial sources of plasma AGEs. Vegetarians consume less proteins and saccharides. Lysine intake is significantly reduced (low content in plant proteins). Subjects on alternative nutrition do not use high temperature for culinary treatment and consume low amount of technologically processed food. Fructation induced AGE fluorescence is greater as compared with that induced by glucose. It is due to higher participation of a more reactive acyclic form of fructose. Intake of vegetables and fruit with predominance of fructose is significantly higher in vegetarians. Comparison of nutrition and plasma AGEs in vegetarian and omnivorous groups shows that the higher intake of fructose in alternative nutrition of healthy subjects may cause an increase of AGE levels.
A preliminary fast may potentiate response to a subsequent low-salt, low-fat vegan diet in the management of hypertension - fasting as a strategy for breaking metabolic vicious cycles; Although a salted diet appears to be a sine qua non for the development of essential hypertension, low-salt diets often have a modest or even negligible impact on the blood pressure of hypertensives; this suggests that salt, perhaps often acting in concert with other aspects of a modern, rich diet, may set in place certain metabolic vicious cycles that sustain blood pressure elevation even when dietary salt is eliminated. Therapeutic fasting is known to lower elevated blood pressure - presumably in large part because it minimizes insulin secretion - and may have the potential to break some of these vicious cycles. Goldhamer has recently reported that a regimen comprised of a water-only fast of moderate duration, followed by a transition to a low-fat, low-salt, whole-food vegan diet, achieves dramatic reductions in the blood pressure of hypertensives, such that the large majority of patients can be restored to normotensive status, in the absence of any drug therapy. Although long-term follow-up of these subjects has been sporadic, the available data suggest that these large reductions is blood pressure can be conserved in patients who remain compliant with the follow-up diet - in other words, a 'cure' for hypertension may be feasible. If a protein-sparing modified fast can be shown to be virtually as effective as a total fast for achieving these benefits, it may be possible to implement this regimen safely on an outpatient basis. The ability of therapeutic fasts to break metabolic vicious cycles may also contribute to the efficacy of fasting in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and autoimmune disorders. As a general principle, if a metabolic disorder is susceptible to prevention - but not reversal - by a specific diet, and therapeutic fasting has a temporary favorable impact on this disorder, then a more definitive therapy may consist of a therapeutic fast, followed up by the protective diet as a maintenance regimen. (C) 2003 Published by Elsevier Science Ltd.
Veganism and its relationship with insulin resistance and intramyocellular lipid; Objective: To test the hypothesis that dietary factors in the vegan diet lead to improved insulin sensitivity and lower intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) storage. Design: Case-control study. Setting: Imperial College School of Medicine, Hammersmith Hospital Campus, London, UK. Subjects: A total of 24 vegans and 25 omnivores participated in this study; three vegan subjects could not be matched therefore the matched results are shown for 21 vegans and 25 omnivores. The subjects were matched for gender, age and body mass index (BMI). Interventions: Full anthropometry, 7-day dietary assessment and physical activity levels were obtained. Insulin sensitivity (%S) and beta-cell function (%B) were determined using the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA). IMCL levels were determined using in vivo proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy; total body fat content was assessed by bioelectrical impedance. Results: There was no difference between the groups in sex, age, BMI, waist measurement, percentage body fat, activity levels and energy intake. Vegans had a significantly lower systolic blood pressure (-11.0 mmHg, CI -20.6 to -1.3, P = 0.027) and higher dietary intake of carbohydrate (10.7%, CI 6.8-14.5, P < 0.001), nonstarch polysaccharides (20.7 g, CI 15.8-25.6, P < 0.001) and polyunsaturated fat (2.8%, CI 1.0-4.6, P = 0.003), with a significantly lower glycaemic index (-3.7, CI -6.7 to -0.7, P = 0.01). Also, vegans had lower fasting plasma triacylglycerol (-0.7 mmol/l, CI -0.9 to -0.4, P < 0.001) and glucose (-0.4 mmol/l, CI -0.7 to -0.09, P = 0.05) concentrations. There was no significant difference in HOMA%S but there was with HOMA%B (32.1%, CI 10.3-53.9, P = 0.005), while IMCL levels were significantly lower in the soleus muscle (-9.7, CI -16.2 to -3.3, P = 0.01). Conclusion: Vegans have a food intake and a biochemical profile that will be expected to be cardioprotective, with lower IMCL accumulation and beta-cell protective.
Prevalence of obesity and associated hypertension and diabetes in Delhi, metropolitan city of India; Background: Obesity is a global health burden and is now described as 'New World Metabolic Syndrome'. Worldwide, its prevalence is increasing geometrically due to changing lifestyle and is understood to be a multifactorial disorder. Objective: To ascertain the fraction of obese population in Delhi, a metropolitan city of India. Materials and methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted on people (n = 652) of different age groups (11 years and above) belonging to different areas of Delhi. A questionnaire was prepared including fields such as age, sex, weight, height, food habits, qualification, occupation, exercise, disease, and medication. The data were analyzed, and correlation between obesity and various fields was drawn. Results: Out of 652 subjects, 30.4% were overweight and 12.12% were obese. Number of obese subjects was maximum in the age group of 41-50 years, with more males and females in age groups of 11-30 and 31-50 years, respectively. Along with obesity, hypertension (25.9%) and diabetes (19.1%) were most commonly associated. Non-vegetarian diet preference was positively correlated with obesity. Food frequency did not have any significant correlation with obesity. Subjects with sedentary lifestyle were more prone to obesity. Conclusion: Number of obese subjects is high in Delhi, and it is positively correlated with age. Obesity was positively associated with many diseases especially diabetes and hypertension. Thus, there is an urgent need to educate the masses regarding the benefits of exercise as awareness alone can help to manage this global epidemic. (C) 2015 Indian Journal of Medical Specialities Trust. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Muscle Carnosine Is Associated with Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Humans; Background Carnosine is a naturally present dipeptide abundant in skeletal muscle and an over-the counter food additive. Animal data suggest a role of carnosine supplementation in the prevention and treatment of obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease but only limited human data exists. Methods and Results Samples of vastus lateralis muscle were obtained by needle biopsy. We measured muscle carnosine levels (high-performance liquid chromatography), % body fat (bioimpedance), abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adiposity (magnetic resonance imaging), insulin sensitivity (euglycaemic hyperinsulinemic clamp), resting energy expenditure (REE, indirect calorimetry), free-living ambulatory physical activity (accelerometers) and lipid profile in 36 sedentary non-vegetarian middle aged men (45 +/- 7 years) with varying degrees of adiposity and glucose tolerance. Muscle carnosine content was positively related to % body fat (r = 0.35, p = 0.04) and subcutaneous (r = 0.38, p = 0.02) but not visceral fat (r = 0.17, p = 0.33). Muscle carnosine content was inversely associated with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.44, p = 0.008), REE (r = -0.58, p< 0.001) and HDL-cholesterol levels (r = -0.34, p = 0.048). Insulin sensitivity and physical activity were the best predictors of muscle carnosine content after adjustment for adiposity. Conclusion Our data shows that higher carnosine content in human skeletal muscle is positively associated with insulin resistance and fasting metabolic preference for glucose. Moreover, it is negatively associated with HDL-cholesterol and basal energy expenditure. Intervention studies targeting insulin resistance, metabolic and cardiovascular disease risk factors are necessary to evaluate its putative role in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Frequency of Food Consumption and Self-reported Diabetes among Adult Men and Women in India: A Large Scale Nationally Representative Cross-sectional Study; Background: Recent studies have shown that the choice of foods and frequency of intake plays a role in diabetes prevention. We examined the association between frequency of consumption of specific food items and the occurrence of diabetes in adult Indian population. Methods: Cross sectional data of 99,574 women and 61,361 men aged 20-49 years who participated in India's third National Family Health Survey conducted during 2005-06 was used for this study. Association between frequency of food intake such as daily, weekly, occasionally and never, and prevalence of diabetes were estimated using multivariable logistic regression models after adjusting for body mass index, tobacco smoking, alcohol drinking, television watching and socio-economic and demographic characteristics, stratified by sex. Results: In men, weekly (OR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.47-0.88) and occasional (OR: 0.60; 95% CI: 0.44-0.81) consumption of milk/curd, weekly (OR:0.48; 95% CI: 0.27-0.87) and occasional (OR:0.52; 95% CI: 0.28-0.99) consumption of pulses/beans and consumption of fruits (OR ranges from 0.33 to 0.39) was associated with a significantly lower likelihood of diabetes whereas daily (OR: 0.55; 95% CI: 0.34-0.88) or weekly (OR: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.35-0.90) pulses/beans consumption and fruits intake (OR ranges from 0.36 to 0.46) was associated with a lower likelihood of diabetes in women. Conclusion: This study has confirmed findings from high income countries that diabetes among adult Indians, which is large and increasing, might be contained by regular consumption of vegetarian foods including pulses, beans, fruits and dairy products. However, this is an observational finding and uncontrolled confounding cannot be excluded as an explanation for the association. More epidemiological research with better measures of food intake and clinical measures of diabetes is needed in a developing country setting to validate the findings.
Are levels of bone turnover related to lower bone mass of adolescents previously fed a macrobiotic diet?; Dutch adolescents who consumed a macrobiotic (vegan-type) diet in early life, demonstrate a lower relative bone mass than their omnivorous counterparts. We investigated whether subjects from the macrobiotic group showed signs of catching up with controls in terms of relative bone mass, reflected by higher levels of serum osteocalcin and alkaline phosphatase and lower levels of urinary cross-links. Group differences in calciotropic hormones and mineral excretion were also investigated. Bone measurements, blood, and urine samples were obtained from 69 macrobiotic (34 girls, 35 boys) and 99 control (57 girls, 42 boys) subjects, aged 9-15. Bone turnover markers and 1,25(OH)(2)D reached maximal levels at pubertal stages 3-4, and decreased thereafter. After adjusting for puberty, age, and lean body mass, no group differences were found in markers of bone turnover, 1,25(OH)(2)D, PTH, or calcium excretion, but phosphate excretion was 23% lower in macrobiotic girls. After adjustment for puberty, 1,25(OH)(2)D was positively related to osteocalcin. In summary, we found no evidence for group differences in bone turnover, or catch up in relative bone mass, which might be due to the fact that 60% of subjects were still in early stages of puberty.
Nutritional control of fetal growth; Maternal micronutrient nutrition is an important determinant of size and body composition of the fetus. Maternal iron, iodine, calcium, folate, vitamin A, and vitamin C nutrition all influence offspring size. The Pune Maternal Nutrition Study was designed to study the relationship between maternal nutrition and fetal growth, size at birth, and postnatal growth. Maternal circulating folate and vitamin C concentrations predicted larger offspring size, while higher ferritin levels predicted smaller-sized babies. Subclinical vitamin B-12 deficiency is common in India, especially in vegetarians, and children born to mothers with the lowest vitamin B-12 but the highest folate status were the most adipose and the most insulin resistant. Furthermore, the relationship between maternal nutrition, fetal growth, and risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease appears to be much more complex than the simplistic postulates of the "fetal origins" hypothesis.
Hyperhomocysteinemia and elevated methylmalonic acid indicate a high prevalence of cobalamin deficiency in Asian Indians; Background: In India, most people adhere to a vegetarian diet, which may lead to cobalamin deficiency. Objective: The objective was to examine indicators of cobalamin status in Asian Indians. Design: The study population included 204 men and women aged 27-55 y from Pune, Maharashtra, India, categorized into 4 groups: patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes, patients with CVD but no diabetes, patients with diabetes but no CVD, and healthy subjects. Data on medical history. lifestyle, and diet were obtained by interviews and questionnaires. Blood samples were collected for measurement of serum or plasma total cobalamin, holotranscobalamin (holoTC), methylmalonic acid (MMA), and total homocysteine (tHcy) and hemetologic indexes. Results: MMA, tHcy, total cobalamin, and holoTC did not differ significantly among the 4 groups, therefore, the data were pooled, Total cobalamin showed a strong inverse correlation with tHcy (r = -0.59) and MMA (r = -0.54), Forty-seven percent of the subjects had cobalamin deficiency (total cobalamin < 150 pmol/L), 73% had low holoTC (< 35 pmol/L), 77% had hyperhomocysteinemia (tHcy > 15 mu mol/L), and 73% had elevated serum MMA (>0.26 mu mol/L). These indicators of impaired cobalamin status were observed in both vegetarians and nonvegetarians. Folate deficiency was rare and only 2.5%, of the subjects were homozygous for the MTHFR 677C -->T polymorphism. Conclusions: About 75% of the subjects had metabolic signs of cobalamin deficiency. which was only partly explained by the vegetarian diet. If impaired cobalamin status is confirmed in other parts of India, it may have important health implications.
Long-term associations of nut consumption with body weight and obesity; There is some concern that the high-fat, energy-dense content of nuts may promote weight gain. Nuts, however, are rich in protein and dietary fiber, which are associated with increased satiety. They also contain high amounts of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and phytoesterols that may confer health benefits for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes delay and prevention. Therefore, it is important to determine the association between nut consumption and long-term weight change and disease risk to reach scientific consensus and to make evidence-based public health recommendations. Several cross-sectional analyses have shown an inverse association between higher nut consumption and lower body weight. In addition, several independent prospective studies found that increasing nut consumption was associated with lower weight gain over relatively long periods of time. Moreover, high consumption of nuts (especially walnuts) has been associated with lower diabetes risk. Therefore, regular consumption (approximately one handful daily) of nuts over the long term, as a replacement to less healthful foods, can be incorporated as a component of a healthy diet for the prevention of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
INTAKE OF ANIMAL VERSUS VEGETABLE FOOD AND CARDIOVASCULAR RISK; Cardiovascular mortality has been associated with changes in lifestyle and food habits. The occidental diet has been characterized by high intake of animal fat and meat, and it is associated whit increased risk of type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure, an increase in levels of markers of endothelial dysfunction, and presence of prothrombotic risk factors. We search the Pubmed database and other review references. Inclusion criteria were: papers published after 1999, randomized controled clinical studies, case-control studies, systematic reviews and methanalyses. Vegetarians groups show less cardiovascular morbidity and mortality than non-vegetarians. The evidence indicated that a decreasing intake of red meat, saturate fat, trans fat, and mainly processed meat, and an increase in the intake of whole grain cereals, fruits, vegetables and fish, are associated with a better overall cardiovascular health and survival.
Measurement of <SUP>40</SUP>K as an indicator of body potassium:: Implication for diabetes and other disease conditions; Potassium (K) content in 408 male workers of a rare earths processing plant was estimated using a shadow shield whole body counter. The average K content in the non-vegetarian and vegetarian group was found to be 1.5 g kg(-1) and 2.1 g kg(-1) respectively. The absorbed dose due to K-40 is determined as 0.18+/-0.02 mGy. While the K content was found to be proportional to body build index, it is inversely proportional to slenderness. Body K was maximum in the middle aged group (35-45 y) and a minimum in younger and older persons. The correlation of potassium content with some disease patterns was also studied. Diabetes mellitus patients were observed to have low K content of 0.9+/-0.2 g kg(-1) and those who suffer from cardiovascular disorders were found to have high K content 2.7+/-0.3 g kg(-1). The studies showed that the depletion of body K content takes place a few years prior to the clinical detection of diabetes and it builds up a few years before the clinical detection of cardiovascular disorders. It is stressed that the medical information is preliminary as the number of subjects studied was not very large. Wider and in depth study by various groups can hopefully strengthen the observation.
Nutrition, risk factors, prevention, and imaging: The 2018 Mario Verani Lecture; Heart disease has been the leading cause of death in the United States since 1918. Cardiac mortality rates have dramatically decreased in this era of advanced medical and interventional therapies. However, this has been aptly described as mopping up the floor instead of turning off the faucet. With this recognition, prevention in cardiology is poised to become a central focus. Within prevention, dietary intervention is recognized as the single largest opportunity for improved cardiovascular outcomes, including improvement or elimination of cardiac risk factors, prevention of myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death, and reduction of plaque burden and myocardial ischemia. Cardiac imaging, particularly nuclear perfusion and coronary computed tomographic angiography, plays a critical role in early diagnosis and serial evaluation of myocardial ischemia and coronary artery disease. These techniques have the potential to help refine research protocols and evaluate their success by providing intermediate markers of improved myocardial blood flow and coronary plaque morphology.
2019 ACC/AHA Guideline on the Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease: Executive Summary: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines; Supplemental Digital Content is available in the text.
Baked bean consumption reduces serum cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic adults; Baked bean consumption has been linked to reductions in total cholesterol (TC), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in previous research with hypercholesterolemic adult men in controlled settings. The objective of the current research was to determine if daily intake of half a cup of vegetarian baked beans would reduce risk factors for coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes in free-living hypercholesterolemic men and women over an 8-week period. The study was a randomized, crossover, 2 x 2 block design. Participants received each treatment for 8 weeks with a minimal 14-day washout in between. Fasting blood samples collected at the beginning and end of the study were analyzed for TC, LDL-C, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triacylglycerols (TAG), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, insulin, glucose, homeostasis model assessment, and hemoglobin A(1c), A significant absolute decrease in TC concentrations after 8 weeks (P = .01) was observed with the vegetarian baked bean treatment in contrast to the control. Mean percentage change of serum TC for baked beans was -5.6% +/- 1.5% SEM in contrast to 0.5% +/- 1.8% SEM for the control (P = .01). Mean percentage change of serum LDL-C was -5.4% +/- 2.3% SEM and 1.0% +/- 2.7% SEM (P = .08, nonsignificant), respectively. No significant differences were found with the other blood concentrations. These findings indicate that vegetarian baked bean consumption can reduce serum TC in hypercholesterolemic adults. (C) 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of Replacing Animal Protein with Plant Protein on Glycemic Control in Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials; Previous research on the effect of replacing sources of animal protein with plant protein on glycemic control has been inconsistent. We therefore conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to assess the effect of this replacement on glycemic control in individuals with diabetes. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases through 26 August 2015. We included RCTs 3-weeks comparing the effect of replacing animal with plant protein on HbA(1c), fasting glucose (FG), and fasting insulin (FI). Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data, assessed study quality and risk of bias. Data were pooled by the generic inverse variance method and expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q-statistic) and quantified (I-2-statistic). Thirteen RCTs (n = 280) met the eligibility criteria. Diets emphasizing a replacement of animal with plant protein at a median level of similar to 35% of total protein per day significantly lowered HbA(1c) (MD = -0.15%; 95%-CI: -0.26, -0.05%), FG (MD = -0.53 mmol/L; 95%-CI: -0.92, -0.13 mmol/L) and FI (MD = -10.09 pmol/L; 95%-CI: -17.31, -2.86 pmol/L) compared with control arms. Overall, the results indicate that replacing sources of animal with plant protein leads to modest improvements in glycemic control in individuals with diabetes. Owing to uncertainties in our analyses there is a need for larger, longer, higher quality trials. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov registration number: NCT02037321.
The Effect of Diabetes on Nerve-Muscle Conduction of Tibial and Peroneal Nerve Association with Habit and Habitat in Bikaner Region; Introduction: Diabetes is due to defect in Beta cell of islets of Langerhans, that is seen in pancreas. This defect is responsible for disturbance in blood glucose level. Other factors which are also responsible includes diet, hereditary, immunological factor, lack of exercise etc., The damage to nerves in DM has been assumed to be a result of the interaction of metabolic defects complicated by vase nervorum abnormalities. Nerve conduction velocity, are standard measurement used to confirm the presence or absence of diabetic neuropathy. In Nerve conduction velocity study common nerves that are studied are common peroneal nerve, tibial nerve and sural nerve. Materials and Methods: The study was planned in Physiology Department in close collaboration with Department of Medicine (Diabetic Section), S.p.mc. Bikaner. A total of 100 subjects for study from diabetic centre, were selected. Institutional ethical clearance was taken before commencement of study from ethical committee of our institution. Results: In present study, maximum number of patients were non-smokers in both study and control groups (87% and 91% respectively) and this difference was found statistically insignificant (P > 0.05). We observed that the patients were vegetarian in both study and control groups and this difference was found statistically insignificant (P > 0.05). The mean peroneal nerve in study group was 42.26 f 1.95 m/s and in control group it was 52.05 +/- 4.78 m/s and the difference was found statistically highly significant (P < 0.001) and mean value of tibial nerve in study group was 41.71 +/- 2.29 m/s and in control group it was 49.84 +/- 2.67 m/s and the difference was found statistically highly significant (P < 0.001). Conclusion: In our study, we concluded that nerve conduction velocities decreases in tibial and common peroneal nerve in diabetic patients as compared to control. Nerve conduction velocities also decrease with increasing age, increased HbA1C >6.5%.
New Insight into the Dietary Cause of Atherosclerosis: Implications for Pharmacology; At present, the guideline approach to the medical treatment and prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is to classify patients by risk and treat the known risk factors (contributory causes), e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, smoking, and poor diet, as appropriate. All high-risk patients should receive statins. This approach has had substantial success but ASCVD still remains the number one cause of death in the United States. Until recently, the underlying cause of ASCVD remained unknown, although a potential dietary cause was suggested by the fact that vegetarians, especially vegans, have a much lower incidence of ASCVD than animal flesh eaters. Recently, consistent with the vegetarian data, substantial evidence for a cause of ASCVD in animals and humans has been discovered. Trimethylamine (TMA)-containing dietary compounds in meat, milk, and other animal foods (e.g., lecithin, choline, and carnitine) are converted by closely related gut bacterial TMA lyases to TMA, which is absorbed and converted predominantly by flavin mono-oxygenase 3 to the toxic trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO). TMAO causes atherosclerosis in animals and is elevated in patients with coronary heart disease. Inhibition of bacterial lyases in mice prevents TMA and secondarily TMAO formation and atherosclerosis, strong evidence for the TMAO hypothesis. At present, the challenge for the pharmaceutical industry is to discover and develop a potent "broad spectrum" bacterial lyase inhibitor that, along with diet and exercise, could, if the TMAO hypothesis is correct, revolutionize the preventive treatment of ASCVD.
The Magnesium Story in Pregnancy-Levels in Maternal and Cord Blood-Correlation with Pregnancy Outcome; Introduction: Magnesium (Mg) is the second most abundant intracellular cation, and is vital for a multitude of cellular functions and enzymes. Derangement of Mg homeostasis often leads to various diseases such as, Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and Insulin Resistance (IR), hypertension, atherosclerosis and depression. In pregnancy particularly, hypomagnesaemia has been associated with preterm delivery and low birth weight. Aim: To measure maternal and cord blood Mg levels at delivery to calculate the prevalence of hypomagnesaemia in pregnancy, and to correlate Mg levels with other maternal and foetal variables at birth. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional correlational study was conducted in a 1000- bedded tertiary care centre in Northern India, and consisted of 110 pregnant women admitted for delivery. Maternal and cord blood was obtained at birth and analysed for serum Mg levels. The normality of continuous data was assessed by the Shapiro-Wilk test. Pearson's correlation analysis was used to determine the relationship between continuous variables. Corn parison of means of different groups was done by using unpaired t-test. A p-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Participants were aged between 18 to 36 years (Mean=26.8; SD=3.25). Out of 110 participants, 44 (40%) were hypomagnesaemic with serum Mg <= 1.8 mg/dL. Mean maternal Mg level was 1.93 +/- 0.31 mg/dL. Mean cord blood Mg level was 2.19 +/- 0.28 mg/dL. Maternal Mg levels were positively correlated with the period of gestation (r-value=0.246, p-value <0.01) and birth weight (r-value=0.205, p-value <0.05). Negative correlation was observed between cord blood Mg and period of gestation (r-value= -0.240, p-value <0.05) and birth weight (r-value=-0.303, p-value <0.01). Among the studied population, 58 (52.73%) women were vegetarians, and they had higher Mg levels than non-vegetarians (t= 2.14, p-value<0.05). Conclusion: Hypomagnesaemia was highly prevalent among pregnant women in our setting. Micronutrient deficiencies are a potential public health problem. Larger, trimester-specific studies for antenatal screening to elucidate Mg deficiency, and alongside an all-round patient educational approach emphasising Mg-rich diet or Mg supplementation, could be highly beneficial to pregnant women in India.
Dietary change: What are the responses and roles of significant others?; Objective: This study examined the impact of one person's dietary change on the experiences of a significant other with whom they regularly shared meats. Design: Qualitative constant comparison approach using semistructured inter-views. Setting: Community-based. Participants: Forty-two participants were recruited using a stratified purposive sampling strategy. Analysis: Verbatim transcripts were analyzed using NUD*IST, version 4.0 software (Qualitative Solutions and Research, Melbourne, Australia, 1997) and manual coding. Results: Most dietary changers had modified their diets in response to a disease diagnosis (eg, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, hypoglycemia, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), ulcer, allergies). Others had changed their diets for personal reasons (eg, weight loss, vegetarian diets). The dietary changes included dietary fat reduction, conversion to vegetarian or vegan diets, restriction of total kilocalorie intake, and elimination or reduction of specific food items. Significant others described a range of emotional responses to the dietary change, including cooperation, encouragement, skepticism, and anger. Significant others' descriptions of the roles that they played in the dietary change were positive (enabling), neutral (neither enabling nor inhibiting), or negative (inhibiting). Most significant others played positive roles; few played neutral or negative roles. Conclusions and implications: Understanding dietary change from the perspective of significant others can enable nutrition professionals to develop strategies to promote dietary modifications as a shared activity.
SA STUDY ON PREVALENCE OF DM, HYPERTENSION AND ASSOCIATION WITH LIFE STYLE AS RISK FACTORS IN A RURAL POPULATION DISTRICT GHAZIABAD (U.P.)U; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVE: Estimation of rising prevalence of Diabetes Mellitus, Hypertension, Obesity etc & association with various risk factors is having bearing on effective preventive programmes. Cross sectional study was conducted in rural population in a health centre to assess prevalence of DM, Hypertension, and association with their life style if any. METHODS: Pretested proforma administered to all males 35 -50 yrs age coming to a health Centre. Information on diets, habits, physical activity, medical & family history, height, weight, blood pressure, blood sugar level was taken. For data analyses epi info software used. RESULTS: Out of 1120 participants, 186 were having Hypertension, prevalence of 16.87%, 14 hypertensive, (7.53 %) with positive family history of hypertension. 89 were Diabetic, prevalence of 7.94 %. In this group, 7 (7.90%) had family history of diabetes. Overall 258 (25.03%) had abnormal BMI, age group with highest BMI as risk factor, had higher hypertensive & Diabetics persons, most of them consuming non-vegetarian diet with saturated fats. Most of participants were doing mild to moderate physical activity. INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSIONS: The study provides insight on high burden, of Hypertension, Diabetes Mellitus, and the associated risk factors in a rural population in a health Centre. Life style modifications, more physical activity, lesser intake of non-vegetarian items, fats, salt in the diet, will result in lesser risk & load of these diseases.
Essential fatty acids in health and chronic disease; Human beings evolved consuming a diet that contained about equal amounts of n-3 and n-6 essential fatty acids. Over the past 100-150 y there has been an enormous increase in the consumption of n-6 fatty acids due to the increased intake of vegetable oils from corn, sunflower seeds, safflower seeds, cottonseed, and soybeans. Today, in Western diets, the ratio of n-6 to n-3 fatty acids ranges from approximate to 20-30:1 instead of the traditional range of 1-2:1. Studies indicate that a high intake of n-6 fatty acids shifts the physiologic state to one that is prothrombotic and proaggregatory, characterized by increases in blood viscosity, vasospasm, and vasoconstriction and decreases in bleeding time. n-3 Fatty acids, however, have antiinflammatory, antithrombotic, antiarrhythmic, hypolipidemic, and vasodilatory properties. These beneficial effects of n-3 fatty acids have been shown in the secondary prevention of coronary heart disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and, in some patients with renal disease, rheumatoid arthritis, ulcerative colitis, Crohn disease, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Most of the studies were carried out with fish oils [eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)]. However, alpha-linolenic acid, found in green leafy vegetables, flaxseed, rapeseed, and walnuts, desaturates and elongates in the human body to EPA and DHA and by itself may have beneficial effects in health and in the control of chronic diseases.
Short-Term Effects of Lupin vs. Whey Supplementation on Glucose and Insulin Responses to a Standardized Meal in a Randomized Cross-Over Trial; Background: Whey protein is known to reduce postprandial glycaemia in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Lupin as a vegetable source of protein could be considered as an alternative, as the percentage of vegetarian and vegan consumers is raising. The present study compares the acute glycemic effects of whey and lupin in healthy volunteers following a carbohydrate-rich reference meal. Methods In cross-over design, three standardized meals (reference meal; reference meal + whey; reference meal + lupin) were provided to 12 healthy male and female volunteers, aged between 23 and 33, in a balanced, randomized order. Volunteers' blood glucose and insulin concentrations were analyzed at baseline and at seven time points following the ingestion of the meals. Results: The supplementation of whey or lupin significantly blunted the postprandial increase in blood glucose concentrations compared to the reference meal (p < 0.001). In the overall statistical analysis, this effect was comparable for whey and lupin [Delta AUC whey-lupin = 8%, 060 min area under the curve (060 min AUC), p = 0.937], with a blunting effect of -46% by whey (p = 0.005, 060 min AUC) and of -54% by lupin (p < 0.001, 060 min AUC). When comparing whey and lupin data only, the insulin increase was found to be more pronounced for whey protein than for lupin supplementation (Delta AUC whey-lupin = 39%, 060 min AUC, p = 0.022). However, when comparing the insulin response of each supplementation to the one of the reference meal, no differences could be detected (whey p = 0.259, 060 min AUC; lupin p = 0.275, 060 min AUC). Conclusions: Results suggest that lupin and whey can both lower the increase of postprandial blood glucose concentrations to a comparable extent, implying the usability of lupin to reduce postprandial glycaemia. However, the insulin response following the supplementations to a carbohydrate-rich meal seems to differ for these two protein sources.
RENAL, METABOLIC, AND HORMONAL RESPONSES TO PROTEINS OF DIFFERENT ORIGIN IN NORMOTENSIVE, NONPROTEINURIC TYPE-I DIABETIC-PATIENTS; OBJECTIVE - Whether the differences in renal function found in vegetarian compared with omnivorous subjects are related to quantity or quality of the protein is unknown. We have studied the renal function of nine normotensive, nonproteinuric type I diabetic patients who were fed in random order for 4 weeks either an animal protein diet (APD) (protein intake 1.1 g . kg(-1) . day(-1)) or a vegetable protein diet (APD) (protein intake 0.95 g . kg(-1) . day(-1)). The two diets were isocaloric. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - In a crossover study, we measured glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (inulin clearance), renal plasma flow (RPF) (p-aminohippurate clearance), plasma amino acids, growth hormone, glucagon, insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), and microalbuminuria. RESULTS - GFR and RPF were lower with the VPD than with the APD (89.9 +/- 4.1 vs. 105.6 +/- 5.1 ml . min(-1) . 1.73 m(-2), P < 0.05, and 425.7 +/- 22.2 vs. 477.8 +/- 32.2 ml . min(-1) . 1.73 m(-2), P < 0.05, respectively). Renal vascular resistance (RVR) was higher with the VPD than with the APD (101 +/- 25 vs. 91 +/- 10 mmHg . min(-1) . ml(-1), P < 0.05). Filtration fraction (FF) remained unchanged after either diet. Fractional clearance of albumin fell with the VPD to 2.0 +/- 0.65 from 3.4 +/- 1.15 X 10(-6) (P < 0.05). At the end of the APD and VPD, the plasma levels of growth hormone and glucagon did not differ significantly. Plasma levels of IGF-I were higher with the APD than with the VPD (1.1 +/- 0.6 vs. 0.9 +/- 0.13 U/ml, P < 0.05). Plasma concentrations of valine and lysine were significantly higher with the APD than with the VPD (234.6 +/- 30.3 vs. 164.5 +/- 25.4 mmol/l, P < 0.05, and 565 +/- 45.1 vs. 430 +/- 56.1 mmol/l, P < 0.05, respectively), whereas plasma valine was strongly correlated to the GFR (r = 0.832, P < 0.01). No differences were found in other amino acids. CONCLUSIONS - A VPD has significantly different renal effects from an APD equal in protein intake in normotensive, nonproteinuric type I diabetic patients. This could be explained partly by differences in plasma concentrations of amino acids and IGF-I.
Weight Loss Is More Important Than the Diet Type in Improving Adiponectin Levels Among Overweight/Obese Adults; Objective: The study objective was to compare the effect of a standard calorie- and fat-restricted diet (STD-D) and a calorie- and fat-restricted lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet (LOV-D) on total and high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin levels after 6 months of behavioral intervention. Design: This study is an ancillary study to a randomized clinical trial. Subjects: Subjects included 143 overweight/obese adults (STD-D = 79; LOV-D = 64). Intervention: Both groups received the same standard behavioral intervention; the only difference was that LOV-D participants were instructed to eliminate meat, poultry, and fish from their diet. Measures: Weight, dietary intake with the 3-day food diary, and total and HMW adiponectin levels were measured. Results: Both groups significantly increased total (STD-D +7.2 +/- 17.8%; LOV-D +9.4 +/- 21.8%) and HMW adiponectin levels (STD-D +18.5 +/- 32.9%; LOV-D +15.8 +/- 34.5%; ps < 0.05) with no significant differences between the groups. We found significant associations between weight loss and increases in total (beta(SE) = -.071(.27); p = 0.003) and HMW adiponectin (beta(SE) = -1.37(.47); p = 0.001) levels independent of the diet type. Weight loss at the higher quartile was associated with improvements of adiponectin levels (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Weight loss was associated with increased total and HMW adiponectin levels regardless of the diet type. Enhancing weight loss may be a means to improve adiponectin levels.
Dietary pattern and incidence of chronic kidney disease among adults: a population-based study; Background & AimsAlthough dietary patterns have been linked to chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, sparse data are available for a relationship between dietary patterns and incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) in West Asian populations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of population-based dietary pattern with the risk of incident CKD after 6.1years of follow-up.MethodsAt baseline, habitual dietary intakes of 1630 participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) who were free of CKD was assessed by a valid and reliable food-frequency questionnaire. The following three major dietary patterns were identified using a principal components analysis: Lacto-vegetarian dietary pattern, traditional Iranian dietary pattern, and high fat, high sugar dietary pattern. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated, using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) Study equation and CKD was defined as eGFR <60mL/min/1.73m(2). Odds ratio (OR) using multivariable logistic regression was calculated for the association of incident CKD with the extracted dietary patterns.ResultsAfter adjusting for age, sex, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, body mass index, diabetes, and hypertension the OR for participants in the highest compared with those in the lowest tertile of the lacto-vegetarian dietary pattern was 0.57 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.41 to 0.80, P-trend=0.002). In contrast, the high fat, high sugar dietary pattern was positively associated with the incidenceof CKD (OR for the third tertile compared with first tertile: 1.46; 95% CI: 1.03-2.09; P-trend=0.036). Traditional Iranian dietary pattern was not associated with incident CKD.ConclusionThe high fat, high sugar dietary pattern was associated with significantly increased (46%) odds of incident CKD, whereas a lacto-vegetarian dietary pattern may be protective against the occurrence of CKD by 43%.
Glycation ageing and carnosine: Are carnivorous diets beneficial?; Non-enzymic protein glycosylation (glycation) plays important roles in ageing and in diabetes and its secondary complications. Dietary constituents may play important roles in accelerating or suppressing glycation. It is suggested that carnivorous diets contain a potential anti-glycating agent, carnosine (beta-alanyl-histidine), whilst vegetarians may lack intake of the dipeptide. The possible beneficial effects of carnosine and related structures on protein carbonyl stress, AGE formation, secondary diabetic complications and age-related neuropathology are discussed. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Diet, Health, and Environment Trilemma; As populations become more affluent and urbanized, diets are shifting such that they are becoming higher in calories and include more highly processed foods and animal products. These dietary shifts are driving increases in diet-related diseases and are also causing environmental degradation. These linked impacts pose a new key issue for global society-a diet, health, and environment trilemma. Recent dietary shifts have contributed to increasing diet-related health and environmental impacts, including an 80% increase in global diabetes prevalence and an 860% increase in global nitrogen fertilizer use. Furthermore, if current dietary trajectories were to continue for the next several decades, diet-related diseases would account for three-quarters of the global burden of disease and would also lead to large increases in diet-related environmental impacts. We discuss how shifts to healthier dietssuch as some Mediterranean, pescetarian, vegetarian, and vegan diets-could reduce incidence of diet-related diseases and improve environmental outcomes. In addition, we detail how other interventions to food systems that use known technologies and management techniques would improve environmental outcomes.
Efficacy and safety of a very-low-protein diet when postponing dialysis in the elderly: A prospective randomized multicenter controlled study; Background: A supplemented very-low-protein diet (sVLPD) seems to be safe when postponing dialysis therapy. Study Design: Prospective multicenter randomized controlled study designed to assess the noninferiority of diet versus dialysis in 1-year mortality assessed by using intention-to-treat and per-protocol analysis. Setting & Participants: Italian uremic patients without diabetes older than 70 years with glomerular filtration rate of 5 to 7 mL/min (0.08 to 0.12 mL/s). Intervention: Randomization to an sVLPD (diet group) or dialysis. The sVLPD is a vegan diet (35 kcal; proteins, 0.3 g/kg body weight daily) supplemented with keto-analogues, amino acids, and vitamins. Patients following an sVLPD started dialysis therapy in the case of malnutrition, intractable fluid overload, hyperkalemia, or appearance of uremic symptoms. Outcomes & Measurements: Mortality, hospitalization, and metabolic markers. Results: 56 patients were randomly assigned to each group, median follow-up was 26.5 months (interquartile range, 40), and patients in the diet group spent a median of 10.7 months (interquartile range, 11) following an sVLPD. Forty patients in the diet group started dialysis treatment because of either fluid overload or hyperkalemia. There were 31 deaths (55%) in the dialysis group and 28 deaths (50%) in the diet group. One-year observed survival rates at intention to treat were 83.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], 74.5 to 94.0) in the dialysis group versus 87.3% (95% CI, 78.9 to 96.5) in the diet group (log-rank test for noninferiority, P < 0.001; for superiority, P = 0.6): the difference in survival was -3.6% (95% CI, - 17 to + 10; P = 0.002). The hazard ratio for hospitalization was 1.50 for the dialysis group (95% CI, 1.11 to 2.01; P < 0.01). Limitations: The unblinded nature of the study, exclusion of patients with diabetes, and incomplete enrollment. Conclusion: An sVLPD was effective and safe when postponing dialysis treatment in elderly patients without diabetes.
Vegetarianism and cardiometabolic disease risk factors: Differences between South Asian and US adults; Objectives: Cardiometabolic diseases are increasing disproportionately in South Asia compared with other regions of the world despite high levels of vegetarianism. This unexpected discordance may be explained by differences in the healthfulness of vegetarian and non-vegetarian diets in South Asia compared with the United States. The aim of this study was to compare the food group intake of vegetarians with non-vegetarians in South Asia and the United States and to evaluate associations between vegetarianism and cardiometabolic disease risk factors (overweight/obesity, central obesity, diabetes, hypertension, high triacylglycerols, high low-density lipoprotein, low high-density lipoprotein, and high Framingham Heart Score). Methods: Using cross-sectional data from adults (age 20-69 y) in South Asia (Centre for Cardiometabolic Risk Reduction in South-Asia [CARRS] 2010-2011; N = 15 665) and the United States (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2006; N = 2159), adherence to a vegetarian diet was assessed using food propensity questionnaires. Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios and predicted margins (e.g., adjusted prevalence of the outcomes). Results: One-third (33%; n = 4968) of adults in the South Asian sample were vegetarian compared with only 2.4% (n = 59) in the US sample. Among South Asians, vegetarians more frequently ate dairy, legumes, vegetables, fruit, desserts, and fried foods than non-vegitarians (all P < 0.05). Among Americans, vegetarians more frequently ate legumes, fruit, and whole grains, and less frequently ate refined cereals, desserts, fried foods, fruit juice, and soft drinks than non-vegetarians (all P < 0.05). After adjustment for confounders (age, sex, education, tobacco, alcohol, and also city in CARRS), South Asian vegetarians were slightly less frequently overweight/obese compared with non-vegetarians: 49% (95% confidence interval [CI], 45%-53%) versus 53% (95% CI, 51%-56%), respectively; whereas US vegetarians were considerably less frequently overweight/obese compared with non-vegetarians: 48% (95% CI, 32%-63%) versus 68% (95% CI, 65%-70%), respectively. Furthermore, US vegetarians were less likely to exhibit central obesity than non-vegetarians: 62% (95% CI, 43%-78%) versus 78% (95% CI, 76%-80%), respectively. Conclusions: There is greater divergence between vegetarian and non-vegetarian diets in the United States than in South Asia, and US vegetarians have more consistently healthier food group intakes than South Asian vegetarians. Vegetarians in both populations have a lower probability of overweight/obesity compared with non-vegetarians. The strength of this association may be stronger for US vegetarian diets, which were also protective against central obesity. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Phytochemicals: Guardians of our health (Reprinted from Issues in Vegetarian Dietetics, vol 5, pg 1-8, 1996); Consuming a diet rich in plant foods will provide a milieu of phytochemicals, nonnutritive substances in plants that possess health-protective benefits. Nuts, whole grains, fruits, and vegetables contain an abundance of phenolic compounds, terpenoids, pigments, and other natural antioxidants that have been associated with protection from and/or treatment of chronic disease such as heart disease, cancer, diabetes, and hypertension as well as other medical conditions. The foods and herbs with the highest anticancer activity include garlic, soybeans, cabbage, ginger, licorice, and the umbelliferous vegetables. Citrus, in addition to providing an ample supply of vitamin C, folic acid, potassium, and pectin, contains a host of active phytochemicals. The phytochemicals in grains reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer.
Liver protein synthesis in physiology and in disease states; Liver protein synthesis is usually estimated in humans by measuring the synthesis rates of major exported liver proteins. Among these, the synthesis rates of albumin and fibrinogen have been more commonly studied. Recently, it was reported that several physiological stimuli such as physical exercise followed by recovery in the upright position, active and passive ascent to high altitude or life-style habits like vegetarian diet or smoking affect the synthesis rates of albumin and fibrinogen. Among disease states, the most recent literature addresses the effects of kidney diseases (hemodialysis, rephrotic syndrome), type 2 diabetes mellitus and growth hormone administration to critically ill patients and to patients undergoing laparoscopic colecystectomy. The results of these studies have clarified several aspects of the regulation of liver protein synthesis in humans and raise open questions that will stimulate the future research in the area. Curr Opin Clin Nutr Metab Care 5:47-50. (C) 2002 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Nutritional management of hyperapoB; Plasma apoB is a more accurate marker of the risk of CVD and type 2 diabetes (T2D) than LDL-cholesterol; however, nutritional reviews targeting apoB are scarce. Here we reviewed eighty-seven nutritional studies and present conclusions in order of strength of evidence. Plasma apoB was reduced in all studies that induced weight loss of 6-12% using hypoenergetic diets (seven studies; 5440-7110 kJ/d; 1300-1700 kcal/d; 34-50% carbohydrates; 27-39% fat; 18-24% protein). When macronutrients were compared in isoenergetic diets (eleven studies including eight randomised controlled trials (RCT); n 1189), the diets that reduced plasma apoB were composed of 26-51% carbohydrates, 26-46% fat, 11-32% protein, 10-27% MUFA, 5-14% PUFA and 7-13% SFA. Replacement of carbohydrate by MUFA, not SFA, decreased plasma apoB. Moreover, dietary enriching with n-3 fatty acids (FA) (from fish: 1.1-1.7 g/d or supplementation: 3.2-3.4 g/d EPA/DHA or 4 g/d EPA), psyllium (about 8-20 g/d), phytosterols (about 2-4g/d) or nuts (30-75 g/d) also decreased plasma apoB, mostly in hyperlipidaemic subjects. While high intake of trans-FA (4.3-9.1%) increased plasma apoB, it is unlikely that these amounts represent usual consumption. Inconsistent data existed on the effect of soya proteins (25-30 g/d), while the positive association of alcohol consumption with low plasma apoB was reported in cross-sectional studies only. Five isoenergetic studies using Mediterranean diets (including two RCT; 823 subjects) reported a decrease of plasma apoB, while weaker evidence existed for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), vegetarian, Nordic and Palaeolithic diets. We recommend using a Mediterranean dietary pattern, which also encompasses the dietary components reported to reduce plasma apoB, to target hyperapoB and reduce the risks of CVD and T2D.
Ageing in Puducherry, South India: An overview of morbidity profile; Background : The geriatric health problems are related to chronic disease as a result of increasing life expectancy. Objective : This study was undertaken to assess the health problems of the elderly in Puducherry. Materials and Methods : This cross-sectional study was carried out on 214 elderly persons from the age group of 60 years and above using a pre-designed and pre-tested questionnaire that addressed the disease magnitude in comparison with the socioeconomic variables. Results : Overall, 43% of the participants were diabetic, 47.7% hypertensive, 86% anemic and 68.2% visually impaired. All the morbidities were noted to be higher in the 70-79 years age group. Diabetes was significantly higher in participants from urban areas, with family history and increasing waist-hip ratio, but significantly lower in the below poverty line areas. Hypertension risk was significantly higher among females, among those leading sedentary life, those eating vegetarian food, those addicted to tobacco and with abdominal obesity. Anemia was significantly lower among urban vegetarians. Overweight and obese were noted in 31% of the participants, and were higher in females (87.5%). Rural residence, female sex, living in joint family, literacy, sedentary life style, decreasing per capita income and decreasing body mass index (BMI) were significantly associated with visual impairment. Conclusion : This study highlights the burden of health problems of elderly individuals in South India.
The future for long chain <i>n</i>-3 PUFA in the prevention of coronary heart disease: do we need to target non-fish-eaters?; Dietary guidelines in many countries include a recommendation to consume oily fish, mainly on the basis of evidence from prospective cohort studies that fish consumption is cardioprotective. However, average intakes are very low in a large proportion of the UK population. Some groups, such as vegans and vegetarians, purposely omit fish (along with meat) from their diet resulting in zero or trace intakes of long chain (LC) n-3 PUFA. Although the efficacy of dietary fish oil supplementation in the prevention of CVD has been questioned in recent years, the balance of evidence indicates that LC n-3 PUFA exert systemic pleiotropic effects through their influence on gene expression, cell signalling, membrane fluidity and by conversion to specialised proresolving mediators; autacoid lipid mediators that resolve inflammatory events. The long-term impact of reduced tissue LC n-3 PUFA content on cardiovascular health is surprisingly poorly understood, particularly with regard to how low proportions of LC n-3 PUFA in cell membranes may affect cardiac electrophysiology and chronic inflammation. Randomised controlled trials investigating effects of supplementation on prevention of CHD in populations with low basal LC n-3 PUFA tissue status are lacking, and so the clinical benefits of supplementing non-fish-eating groups with vegetarian sources of LC n-3 PUFA remain to be determined. Refocusing dietary LC n-3 PUFA intervention studies towards those individuals with a low LC n-3 PUFA tissue status may go some way towards reconciling results from randomised controlled trials with the epidemiological evidence.
Ketogenic diet in endocrine disorders: Current perspectives; Ketogenic diet (KD) is a high-fat, adequate-protein, and low-carbohydrate diet that leads to nutritional ketosis, long known for antiepileptic effects and has been used therapeutically to treat refractory epilepsy. This review attempts to summarize the evidence and clinical application of KD in diabetes, obesity, and other endocrine disorders. KD is usually animal protein based. An empiric vegetarian Indian variant of KD has been provided keeping in mind the Indian food habits. KD has beneficial effects on cardiac ischemic preconditioning, improves oxygenation in patients with respiratory failure, improves glycemic control in diabetics, is associated with significant weight loss, and has a beneficial impact on polycystic ovarian syndrome. Multivitamin supplementations are recommended with KD. Recently, ketones are being proposed as super-metabolic fuel; and KD is currently regarded as apt dietary therapy for "diabesity."
ACCESSIBILITY IN THE GASTRONOMIC OFFER OF THE CITY OF VIEDMA, RIO NEGRO PROVINCE, ARGENTINA; This research formed part of the premise of Accessible Tourism, considering the barriers that can present the cuisine to people with special food requirements. Starting with this concept, were taken as the object of study conditions such as Diabetes Mellitus, Hypertension and Celiac disease, and the Vegetarians joined the perspective of Accessible Tourism considering they may encounter barriers in the enjoyment of food service. For this purpose a field, in the city of Viedma, yielded information on the existing cuisine and its situation with respect to the possibility of guests with special needs in their diet, as the segments under study was performed.
BMI and cardiovascular function in children and adolescents of Mauritius Island; Among countries which have undergone a rapid socio-economic and nutrition transition over the past few decades, the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius is among those with the greatest surge in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes and CVD. The aim of the present study was to characterise the BMI and cardiovascular functions of children and adolescents of this at-risk population. Data were collected through measurements of anthropometry, resting heart rate and blood pressure in a nationally representative sample (n 2489) of children (5-10 years) and adolescents (11-18 years), and analysed according to sex and ethnic identity: South Asian Hindus and Muslims (both of Indian ancestry), Creole (of varying degrees of African ancestry) and Chinese (of mainland China ancestry). Based on standards of the WHO or International Obesity Task Force, one in six of these young individuals exhibit a high BMI-for-age. Analysis by ethnicity revealed that Creole males and females show higher BMI-for-age but also lower heart rate (P < 0.001) even after adjustment for BMI. Additionally, Chinese males and females show higher systolic blood pressure (P < 0.01), independently of BMI. None of these ethnic differences could be related to household income, diet type (vegetarian v. non-vegetarian) or to fruit consumption. This study in children and adolescents of this multi-ethnic at-risk population for CVD reveal ethnic differences in BMI-for-age as well as consistent BMI-independent ethnic differences in heart rate and systolic blood pressure. These findings underscore the need to establish the BMI-fat % relationship across the various ethnic groups and for more detailed investigations about their differences in lifestyle and dietary habits that might explain their differential cardiovascular functions prior to adulthood.
Common Foods and Farming Methods Thought to Promote Health: What the Data Show; What are the best dietary practices and farming methods to promote health? The answer may depend on whether one looks at the health of individuals or the health of the planet (planetary health or PH). PH will equate to a healthy ecosphere fostered by dietary/farming practices that are less resource-intense, potentially decreasing starvation and carbon emissions. Best practices also may depend on whether by health one means lack of observable disease (such as obesity, nutritional deficiency, diabetes, or cancer), optimal health (also known as wellness), or longevity. This article attempts to give an overview of the evidence as regards all of these aspects and definitions of health.
PREFER study: A randomized clinical trial testing treatment preference and two dietary options in behavioral weight management - rationale, design and baseline characteristics; Background: Obesity, a disorder associated with a myriad of comorbidities, is increasing at an alarming rate around the world. Given that pharmacotherapy has limited available options and that bariatric surgery is reserved for those who are morbidly obese or who have significant comorbiditics, the most common approach to the treatment of obesity is standard behavioral treatment. This approach includes behavior modification related to eating and activity habits. The purpose of this paper is to describe the rationale, design, methods and baseline sample characteristics of a randomized controlled trial of a behavioral intervention in weight loss management, referred to as the PREFER study. Methods: The PREFER study, using a four-group design, includes: (1) a randomization scheme that permits participants to indicate a preferred dietary treatment approach, and (2) two dietary options, one of which is a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet that has demonstrated potential for long-term adherence. The intervention (32 treatment sessions) is delivered over 12 months and is followed by a 6-month maintenance phase; final assessment occurs at 18 months. Results: We screened 932 individuals and randomized 197 to the study: Treatment Preference-Yes (n=84) and Treatment Preference-No (n=98). To maintain a balance across the four treatment groups, 15 subjects who preferred the standard diet had to be discarded from the Treatment Preference-Yes group. Retention at 18 months for the first of three cohorts was 82%. Conclusions: The PREFER study is a single center study and is the first randomized controlled trial examining a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet as part of weight loss treatment. The ethnically diverse sample includes males and females with a body mass index of 27 to 43. The study has the potential to make a contribution to understanding the role of treatment preference and the potential of a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet for long-term weight loss. (c) 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Beneficial health effects of lupenone triterpene: A review; There are a large number of new structure compounds with good pharmacological activity in the natural plants, can be applied to the treatment of human diseases. Finding active ingredients from the plants is one of the important ways to develop new drugs. Triterpenes are widespread in plants, and lupenone belongs to lupane type triterpenoids. Lupenone is very common natural ingredient distributed in multi-family plants including Asteraceae, Balanophoraceae, Cactaceae, Iridaceae, Musaceae, Urticaceae, Leguminosae, Bombacaceae, etc., but its distribution has no regular. The consumption of lupenone in vegetarian diet is high in human life. Pharmacological screening of lupenone revealed various pharmacological activities including anti-inflammatory, anti-virus, anti-diabetes, anti-cancer, improving Chagas disease without major toxicity. Based on these important pharmacological activities, this review provides detailed account of pre-clinical studies conducted to determine the utility of lupenone as a therapeutic and chemopreventive agent for the treatment of various diseases.
Lactic Acid Bacteria as a Cell Factory for the Delivery of Functional Biomolecules and Ingredients in Cereal-Based Beverages: A Review; In this review, we aim to describe the mechanisms by which LAB can fulfil the novel role of efficient cell factory for the production of functional biomolecules and food ingredients to enhance the quality of cereal-based beverages. LAB fermentation is a safe, economical, and traditional method of food preservation foremost, as well as having the additional benefits of flavor, texture, and nutrition amelioration. Additionally, LAB fermentation in known to render cereal-based foods and beverages safe, in a chemical-free, consumer-friendly manner, from an antinutrient and toxigenic perspective. Huge market opportunities and potential exist for food manufacturers who can provide the ideal functional beverage fulfilling consumer needs. Newly developed fermented cereal-based beverages must address markets globally including, high-nutrition markets (developing countries), lifestyle choice consumers (vegetarian, vegan, low-fat, low-salt, low-calorie), food-related non-communicable disease sufferers (cardiovascular disease, diabetes), and green label consumers (Western countries). To fulfil these recommendations, a suitable LAB starter culture and cereal-based raw materials must be developed. These strains would be suitable for the biopreservation of cereal beverages and, ideally, would be highly antifungal, anti-mycotoxigenic, mycotoxin-binding and proteolytic (neutralize toxic peptides and release flavor-contributing amino acids) with an ability to ferment cereals, whilst synthesizing oligosaccharides, thus presenting a major opportunity for the development of safe cereal-based prebiotic functional beverages to compete with and replace the existing dairy versions.
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids for women; This review details the specific needs of women for omega-3 fatty acids, including alpha linoleic acid (ALA) and the very long chain fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Omega-3 fatty acid (dietary or in capsules) ensures that a woman's adipose tissue contains a reserve of these fatty acids for the developing fetus and the breast-fed newborn infant. This ensures the optimal cerebral and cognitive development of the infant. The presence of large quantities of EPA and DHA in the diet slightly lengthens pregnancy, and improves its quality. Human milk contains both ALA and DHA, unlike that of other mammals. Conditions such as diabetes can alter the fatty acid profile of mother's milk, while certain diets, like those of vegetarians, vegans, or even macrobiotic diets, can have the same effect, if they do not include seafood. ALA, DHA and EPA, are important for preventing ischemic cardiovascular disease in women of all ages. Omega-3 fatty acids can help to prevent the development of certain cancers, particularly those of the breast and colon, and possibly of the uterus and the skin, and are likely to reduce the risk of postpartum depression, manic-depressive psychosis, dementias (Alzheimer's disease and others), hypertension, toxemia, diabetes and, to a certain extend, age-related macular degeneration. Omega-3 fatty acids could play a positive role in the prevention of menstrual syndrome and postmenopausal hot flushes. The normal western diet contains little ALA (less than 50% of the RDA). The only adequate sources are rapeseed oil (canola), walnuts and so-called "omega-3" eggs (similar to wild-type or Cretan eggs). The amounts of EPA and DHA in the diet vary greatly from person to person. The only good sources are fish and seafood, together with "omega-3" eggs. (c) 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
The importance of hyperhomocysteinemia as a risk factor for diseases: An overview; Hyperhomocysteinemia is the result of a disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological studies have proven, that hyperhomocysteinemia is a risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Conflicting results come from prospective studies. Trials which are now in progress may clarify the "causality" of high homocysteine concentrations and will assess the value of homocysteine-lowering therapy. The induction of the atherogenic process by hyperhomocysteinemia seems to be associated with an alteration of endothelial and smooth muscle cell function leading to an accelerated formation of reactive oxygen species. An increased endothelial expression of adhesion molecules will then lead to an enhanced deposition of oxidized LDL in the vessel wall with the formation of foam cells. Additionally, hyperhomocysteinemia interferes with the coagulation system and thus also has prothrombotic effects. There is a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia as a sign of a vitamin deficiency in elderly subjects which strongly increases with age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B-12 deficiency which can be diagnosed more reliably by the measurement of serum methylmalonic acid (MMA) level than by serum vitamin B-12. Subjects following a strict vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia caused by functional vitamin B-12 deficiency (increased MMA level). Last but not least, hyperhomocysteinemia is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and pre-eclampsia. An early diagnosis of vitamin B-12 deficiency is important for the prevention of neurological damages. Homocysteine should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in obese subjects, in elderly people, in postmenopausal women, and in early pregnancy. A specific diagnosis of an underlying vitamin deficiency is important for adequate treatment. Individuals with homocysteine level >12 mu mol/l should increase and/or supplement their dietary intake of vitamins.
Associations between Dietary Pulses Alone or with Other Legumes and Cardiometabolic Disease Outcomes: An Umbrella Review and Updated Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies; To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we conducted an umbrella review and updated systematic review and meta-analysis (SRMA) of prospective cohort studies of the association between dietary pulses with or without other legumes and cardiometabolic disease outcomes. We searched the PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases through March 2019. We included the most recent SRMAs of prospective cohort studies and new prospective cohort studies published after the census dates of the included SRMAs assessing the relation between dietary pulses with or without other legumes and incidence and mortality of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) [including coronary heart disease (CHD), myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke], diabetes, hypertension, and/or obesity. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Risk estimates were pooled using the generic inverse variance method and expressed as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% CIs. The overall certainty of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Six SRMAs were identified and updated to include 28 unique prospective cohort studies with the following number of cases for each outcome: CVD incidence, 10,261; CVD mortality, 16,168; CHD incidence, 7786; CHD mortality, 3331; MI incidence, 2585; stroke incidence, 8570; stroke mortality, 2384; diabetes incidence, 10,457; hypertension incidence, 83,284; obesity incidence, 8125. Comparing the highest with the lowest level of intake, dietary pulses with or without other legumes were associated with significant decreases in CVD (RR: 0.92; 95% CI: 0.85, 0.99), CHD (RR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.83, 0.99), hypertension (RR: 0.91; 95% CI: 0.86, 0.97), and obesity (RR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.94) incidence. There was no association with MI, stroke, and diabetes incidence or CVD, CHD, and stroke mortality. The overall certainty of the evidence was graded as "low" for CVD incidence and "very low" for all other outcomes. Current evidence shows that dietary pulses with or without other legumes are associated with reduced CVD incidence with low certainty and reduced CHD, hypertension, and obesity incidence with very low certainty. More research is needed to improve our estimates.
Complementary feeding: A commentary by the ESPGHAN committee on nutrition; This position paper on complementary feeding summarizes evidence for health effects of complementary foods. It focuses on healthy infants in Europe. After reviewing current knowledge and practices, we have formulated these conclusions: Exclusive or full breast-feeding for about 6 months is a desirable goal. Complementary feeding (ie, solid foods and liquids other than breast milk or infant formula and follow-on formula) should not be introduced before 17 weeks and not later than 26 weeks. There is no convincing scientific evidence that avoidance or delayed introduction of potentially allergenic foods, such as fish and eggs, reduces allergies, either in infants considered at increased brisk for the development of allergy or in those not considered to be at increased risk. During the complementary feeding period, > 90% of the iron requirements of a breast-fed infant must be met by complementary foods, which should provide sufficient bioavailable iron. Cow's milk is a poor source of iron and should not be used as the main drink before 12 months, although small volumes may be added to complementary foods. It is prudent to avoid both early (< 4 months) and late ( >= 7 months) introduction of gluten, and to introduce gluten gradually while the infant is still breast-fed, inasmuch as this may reduce the risk of celiac disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and wheat allergy. Infants and young children receiving a vegetarian diet should receive a sufficient amount (similar to 500 mL) of breast milk or formula and dairy products. Infants and young children should not be fed a vegan diet.
Diet and Lifestyle Before and During Pregnancy - Practical Recommendations of the Germany-wide Healthy Start - Young Family Network; Diet and exercise before and during pregnancy affect the course of the pregnancy, the child's development and the short- and long-term health of mother and child. The Healthy Start - Young Family Network has updated the recommendations on nutrition in pregnancy that first appeared in 2012 and supplemented them with recommendations on a preconception lifestyle. The recommendations address body weight before conception, weight gain in pregnancy, energy and nutritional requirements and diet (including a vegetarian/vegan diet), the supplements folic acid/folate, iodine, iron and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), protection against food-borne illnesses, physical activity before and during pregnancy, alcohol, smoking, caffeinated drinks, oral and dental hygiene and the use of medicinal products. Preparation for breast-feeding is recommended already during pregnancy. Vaccination recommendations for women planning a pregnancy are also included. These practical recommendations of the Germany-wide Healthy Start - Young Family Network are intended to assist all professional groups that counsel women and couples wishing to have children and during pregnancy with uniform, scientifically-based and practical information.
Health and dietary traits of organic food consumers: results from the NutriNet-Sante study; The dietary and health traits of organic food (OF) consumers have not been comprehensively described. The aim of this study was to identify factors associated with OF consumption. Data were collected from 54 283 participants from the NutriNet-Sante cohort using self-administered web-based questionnaires. Occasional organic food consumers and regular organic food consumers (ROFC) were compared with non-organic food consumers (NOFC) using logistical regression providing an OR and 95 % CI. Adherence to the French food-based guidelines and interactions between nutritional knowledge and OF consumption in adherence to dietary guidelines were investigated. Medical history was also assessed in relation to OF consumption. Compared with NOFC, ROFC were more likely to be vegetarian (OR 9.93; 95 % CI 7.42, 13.29 in women; OR 13.07; CI 7.00, 24.41 in men) and were less likely to be aware of nutritional guidelines regarding meat consumption (OR 0.37; CI 0.34, 0.40 in women; OR 0.41; CI 0.36, 0.47 in men). Compared with NOFC, ROFC had a lower risk of type II diabetes, hypertension and CVD; however, this effect was only significant for men. In contrast, organic consumers were more likely to report food allergies. Consuming OF appeared to affect the relationship between nutritional knowledge and adequate intake of meat/poultry/seafood/eggs and starchy food among both sexes. Our study provides new insights into the diet- and health-related behaviours of OF consumers in a large sample of participants residing in France. This should be taken into account in future studies investigating relationships between health and OF consumption.
Talking microbes: When gut bacteria interact with diet and host organs; Obesity and diabetes have reached epidemic proportions. Evidence suggests that besides dietary habits and physical activity, other environmental factors, such as gut microbes, are recognized as additional partners implicated in the control of energy homeostasis. Studies on the human gut microbiota have shown that the general population can be stratified on the sole basis of three dominant bacteria (i.e., the concept of enterotypes), while some others have suggested categorizing the population according to their microbiome gene richness. Both aspects have been strengthened by recent studies investigating the impact of nutrients (e.g., dietary fibers, fat feeding) and dietary habits (i.e., vegans versus omnivores) of different populations. Using preclinicalmodels, quite a few novel mechanisms have been proposed in these gutmicrobiota-host interactions, including the role of novel bacteria, the regulation of antimicrobial peptide production, the maintenance of the gut barrier function and intestinal innate immunity. In this review, we discuss several of the aforementioned aspects. Nonetheless, determining the overall mechanisms by which microbes dialogue with host cells will require further investigations before anticipating the development of next-generation nutritional interventions using prebiotics, probiotics, synbiotics, or even specific nutrients for promoting health benefits.
Review of Dietary Practices of the 21st Century: Facts and Fallacies; The prevalence of chronic metabolic diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and cancer, is increasing around the world. Nutritional interventions can reduce the prevalence and provide effective treatment, even when weight loss is not dramatic. The 2013 Canadian Diabetes Association Clinical Practice Guidelines concluded that certain dietary patterns and popular weight-loss diets had sufficient evidence to suggest their use by individuals with diabetes, but many other diet patterns and diets exist. Our specific objectives were to review the nutritional quality of various dietary patterns and diets, with emphasis on the evidence that they are efficacious for weight loss, glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors. (C) 2016 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Association of dietary patterns and dietary diversity with cardiometabolic disease risk factors among adults in South Asia: The CARRS study; Background and Objectives: To investigate the association of dietary patterns and dietary diversity with cardio-metabolic disease risk factors among South Asians. Methods and Study Design: In a population based study conducted in 2010-11, we recruited 16,287 adults aged >20 years residing in Delhi, Chennai, and Karachi. Diet was assessed using an interviewer-administered 26-item food frequency questionnaire. Principal component analysis identified three dietary patterns: Prudent, Indian, and Non-Vegetarian. We also computed a dietary diversity score. Multinomial and binary logistic regressions were used to calculate adjusted prevalence (95% confidence intervals) of cardio-metabolic disease risk factors across quartiles of dietary pattern and dietary diversity scores. Results: The adjusted prevalence of diagnosed diabetes was lower among participants in the highest versus lowest quartile of the Prudent Pattern (4.7% [3.8-5.6] versus 10.3% [8.5-12.0]), and the Indian Pattern (4.8% [3.7-5.9] versus 8.7% [6.7-10.6] in highest versus lowest quartile, respectively). Participants following the Indian Pattern also had lower adjusted prevalence of diagnosed hypertension (7.0% [5.4-8.5] versus 10.6% [8.6-12.5] in highest versus lowest quartile, respectively). Participants in the highest versus lowest quartile of the dietary diversity score had a lower adjusted prevalence of diagnosed diabetes (4.1% [3.0-5.2] versus 8.2% [7.1-9.3]), diagnosed hypertension (6.7% [5.3-8.1] versus 10.3% [9.1-11.5]), and undiagnosed hypertension (14.2% [12.0-16.4] versus 18.5% [16.9-20.1]). Conclusions: High dietary diversity appears to be protective against cardio-metabolic disease risk factors in this urban cohort of South Asian adults. Further investigation to understand the underlying mechanism of this observation is warranted.
Nutrition Transition and Obesity Among Teenagers and Young Adults in South Asia; Introduction: Obesity among teenagers/adolescents and young adults is associated with significant adverse short and longer-term effects on health. To date, no narrative reviews have evaluated nutrition transition and its contribution to the obesity epidemic among adolescents and young adults in the South Asian (SA) region. Method: Data were retrieved by a four-stage systematic search process. A search of the online PubMed/Medline, SciVerse Scopus and Web of Science databases was performed. The age groups were defined as follows; teenage: 13-19 years, adolescence: 10-18 years and young adult: 19-24 years. Results: Among teenagers/adolescents, the prevalence of overweight ranged from 11.0% (Sri Lanka) to 19.0% (India), while obesity ranged from 2.4% (Sri Lanka) to 11.0% (Pakistan). In young adults, prevalence of overweight ranged between 7.9% (Nepal) to 15.0% (Pakistan), while obesity showed a much wider variation (0.005%[Nepal] -22.8%[India]). Nutritional risk factors associated with overweight/ obesity among SAs of this age group included reduced fruit and vegetable consumption, a total vegetarian diet, consumption of fast food and soft drinks, and skipping breakfast. Other contributing factors identified were: adding extra salt to meals, eating meals outside of the home, frequently visiting restaurants and eating while watching television. Daily milk/yoghurt consumption and a family supper have shown a protective effect against overweight/obesity. Conclusion: Overweight and obesity are common amongst teenagers/adolescents and young adults of the SA region. Several food types and habits were identified as being associated with overweight/ obesity in this population. Identifying common protective and contributory factors is very important for the development of a shared regional preventive strategy.
The DA Vinci Diet; Ample evidence implicating diet as the root cause of diseases exists in the scientific arena. It is always intruiging to know the diet pattern of our ancestors. Leonardo da Vinci was a 'universal genius' with universal appeal. This article describes the basic principles of the diet that he followed. "Dining discipline" and moderation in eating should be coupled with the aim of savouring smell, taste, and texture of food. Fresh, fibre rich, vegetarian food forms the bulk of the da Vinci diet. Saturated fat, salt and sugar use is minimal, but water and water-rich food intake is encouraged.
Prevalence and risk factors of gallstone disease in an adult population of Taiwan: an epidemiological survey; Background and Aims: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and risk factors of gallstone disease (GSD) in an adult population of Taiwan through a population-based screening study. Methods: A cross-sectional community study in a rural village of Taiwan was conducted in 3333 Chinese adults (aged >= 18 years) undergoing ultrasonography. A questionnaire on personal history was completed to ascertain whether the removed gallbladder contained stones in all cholecystectomized subjects, the dietary habits (vegetarian/non-vegetarian diet), the history of GSD in the participant's first-degree relatives, the history of gastrointestinal surgery (vagotomy, gastrectomy for peptic ulcer disease, or ileal resection), parity, and use of oral contraceptives. The demographic characteristics and biochemical parameters were recorded Results: The overall prevalence of GSD was 5.0% (4.6% in men, 5.4% in women) with no significant sex differences (men/women: odds ratio [OR] 0.71, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.50-1.01, P = 0.058). Logistic regression analysis showed that increasing age (men: 40-64 years, OR 7.38, 95% CI 2.59-21.01, P < 0.001 and >= 65 years, OR 14.16, 95% CI 4.84-41.47, P < 0.001; women: 40-64 years, OR 4.08, 95% CI 1.90-8.75, P < 0.001 and >= 65 years, OR 6.78, 95% CI 2.97-15.46, P < 0.001) and the presence of fatty liver evidenced by ultrasonography (men: OR 2.24, 95% CI 1.32-3.80, P = 0.003; women: OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.33-3.42, P = 0.002) were risk factors for GSD. Additionally, fasting plasma glucose >= 126 mg/dL (OR 2.11, 95% CI 1.16-3.83, P = 0.014), history of GSD in the first-degree relatives (OR 7.47, 95% CI 2.22-25.12, P = 0.001), and use of oral contraceptives (OR 10.71, 95% CI 3.06-37.49, P < 0.001) were risk factors for GSD in women, but fasting plasma glucose >= 126 mg/dL was only correlated to GSD without controlling for other confounding factors in men. Other demographic characteristics and biochemical parameters, such as high body mass index (>= 25 kg/m(2)), increased parity, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperuricemia, hepatitis C infection and cirrhosis, did not exhibit any correlation to GSD in logistic regression analysis, although they appeared to be related to GSD in women in univariate analysis. Conclusion: Age and fatty liver in both sexes were found to be risk factors for GSD in the study population. The finding of a correlation between fatty liver and GSD is an important addition to the literature concerning the risk factors of GSD. Diabetes mellitus, history of GSD in the first-degree relatives, and use of oral contraceptives were also risk factors for GSD in women.
Food-Cal: development of a controlled database of high and low calorie food matched with non-food pictures; Background Industrialization has led to more varied and attractive high-calorie foods. Health problems such as obesity and diabetes are partially attributed to eating-related self-regulation difficulties that may be caused by increasingly frequent cues for highly palatable foods. Research studies aim at understanding the factors underlying responses to food cues. This has led to the development of food stimuli databases. However, they present some limitations. Objectives This study aimed at providing a controlled set of pictures, including 40 food pictures with high- and low-calorie stimuli, matched with 40 non-food pictures. The second objective was to provide a ready-to-use database with normative data regarding responses and associations between demographic, anthropometric and eating-related characteristics, and picture ratings. Participants A sample of 264 participants rated the total set of pictures. Measures Attractiveness, arousal and palatability were assessed for each picture, as well as participant's current type of diet, BMI, hunger levels and eating behaviors (uncontrolled and emotional eating). Results Image characteristics (shape, colors, luminance) were comparable between food and matched non-food pictures. Positive correlations were found between hunger levels and attractiveness, arousal and palatability of food. Uncontrolled and emotional eating was positively correlated with high-calorie food palatability, and uncontrolled eating was positively correlated with high-calorie food attractiveness. Participants who did not report any specific diet rated high-calorie foods as more attractive and arousing, whereas vegan and vegetarian participants assessed low-calorie foods as more attractive and palatable. Conclusion The Food-Cal controlled set of picture database can be considered as a useful tool for experimental research.
Is Red Meat Required for the Prevention of Iron Deficiency Among Children and Adolescents?; Iron deficiency remains the most common nutritional deficiency worldwide despite the fact that global prevention is a high priority. Recent guidelines suggest intake of red meat both in infants and toddlers to prevent iron deficiency. However frequent consumption of red and processed meat may be associated with an increased risk for cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Evidence also suggests that even in vegetarian diets or diets with little consumption of white or red meat, iron status may not be adversely affected. The Eastern Orthodox Christian Church dietary recommendations which is a type of periodic vegetarian diet, has proved beneficial for the prevention of iron deficiency and avoidance of excess iron intake. This paper aims to provide examples of meals for children and adolescents that may be sufficient to meet age specific iron requirements without consumption of red meat beyond the recommended consumption which is once or twice per month.
THE MEDICAL COSTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO MEAT CONSUMPTION; Objective. To estimate the medical costs that are attributable to the health effects of meat consumption. Methods. The prevalence of hypertension, heart disease, cancer, diabetes, gallstones, obesity, and foodborne illness among omnivores and vegetarians are compared in studies that have controlled for other lifestyle factors, and the corresponding attributable medical costs are calculated in 1992 dollars. Results. Direct health care costs attributable to meat consumption are estimated to be $2.8-8.5 billion for hypertension, $9.5 billion for heart disease, $0-16.5 billion for cancer, $14.0-17.1 billion for diabetes, $0.2-2.4 billion for gallbladder disease, $1.9 billion for obesity-related musculoskeletal disorders, and $0.2-5.5 billion for foodborne illness. The total direct medical costs attributable to meat consumption for 1992 are estimated at $28.6-61.4 billion. Conclusion. Health care costs attributable to meat consumption are quantifiable and substantial. (C) 1995 Academic Press, Inc.
Principles of homocysteine metabolism in health and disease; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHCY) is a consequence of disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological and clinical studies have proven HHCY is an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Trials in progress may clarify the "causality" of high Homocysteine (HCY) concentrations and will assess the value of HCY lowering therapy. There is a high prevalence of HHCY as syndrome of vitamin shortage in elderly subjects, which strongly increases with advancing age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B-12 deficiency which is more reliable diagnosed by measurement of serum methylmalonic acid and holotranscobalamin II, the metabolically active B-12 fraction, than by total serum vitamin B-12. Subjects who follow a strong vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of HHCY caused by vitamin B-12 deficiency. For prevention of neurological damages an early diagnosis of vitamin B-12 deficiency is important. Furthermore, HHCY is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and precclampsia. HCY should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in adipose subjects, in elderly people, in vegetarians, in post-menopausal women and in early pregnancy.
HUMAN RESTING ENERGY-EXPENDITURE IN RELATION TO DIETARY POTASSIUM; This study investigates the putative effect of potassium on energy expenditure.  Eight young adult men were submitted to two different normocaloric mixed diets in a randomized order, containing either 163 +/- 9 or 69 +/- 2 mmol potassium/d.  On the fifth day of each diet, after an overnight fast, resting metabolic rate (RMR) was measured over a 1-h period.  After these measurements, either a potassium load (50 mmol) or a placebo were given to subjects submitted to the low- or the high-potassium diet, respectively.  RMR was then measured again for 3 h and the last hour was kept for further analysis.  Results showed that acute and chronic variations in potassium intake do not induce significant changes in RMR, and chronic but not acute changes in serum potassium concentration were significantly correlated with changes in energy expenditure (r = 0.74, P < 0.05) by mechanisms that remain to be elucidated.
Nutritional and Fasting Therapy in Complementary Medicine; Background: There is growing evidence from epidemiological and clinical studies supporting the important role of nutrition and diet in the prevention and treatment of chronic disease. Moreover, recent experimental data suggest that caloric restriction and intermittent fasting extend lifespan and prevent disease in rodents. Integrated therapeutic concepts that combine fasting therapy with health promoting nutrition are a cornerstone of traditional European naturopathy and complementary medicine. Objective: To examine from the literature to what extent nutritional therapies implementing concepts of traditional naturopathic medicine and intensified dietary interventions as fasting therapy and calorie restriction can contribute to the prevention and treatment of disease. Methods: The present selective review summarizes and rates the rapidly accumulating evidence from human studies (randomized trials, epidemiological and descriptive studies) and experimental investigations, coupled with information from nutritional standard works. Results and Conclusion: Traditional diets, such as the traditional Mediterranean diet, are highly effective in the treatment of coronary artery disease, the metabolic syndrome, type-2-diabetes mellitus and rheumatoid arthritis. It features an ovo-lacto vegetarian diet with a preference of fresh unheated foods processed as little as possible and demonstrates a variety of health-promoting effects. The combination of Mediterranean-type diet and wholesome nutrition shows good patient adherence and promising clinical effectiveness. Modified fasting therapy is a safe dietary intervention and efficacious in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and hypertension. Moreover, it enhances lifestyle modification and behavioral change of nutritional habits. Observational data point to potential effectiveness in the treatment of chronic pain syndromes, inflammatory and cardiovascular disease. Experimental data show distinct effects of intermittent fasting on neurodegenerative and age-associated disease. The clinical impact of fasting therapy and wholesome Mediterranean nutrition should be further evaluated in clinical trials.
Cotransplantation of Adipose Tissue-Derived Insulin-Secreting Mesenchymal Stem Cells and Hematopoietic Stem Cells: A Novel Therapy for Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus; Aims. Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is believed to be an autoimmune disorder with disturbed glucose/insulin metabolism, requiring life-long insulin replacement therapy (IRT), 30% of patients develop end-organ failure. We present our experience of cotransplantation of adipose tissue derived insulin-secreting mesenchymal stem cells (IS-AD-MSC) and cultured bone marrow (CBM) as IRT for these patients. Methods. This was a prospective open-labeled clinical trial to test efficacy and safety of IS-AD-MSC+CBM co-transplantation to treat IDDM, approved by the institutional review board after informed consent in 11 (males : females: 7 : 4) patients with 1-24-year disease duration, in age group: 13-43 years, on mean values of exogenous insulin requirement of 1.14 units/kg BW/day, glycosylated hemoglobin (Hb1Ac): 8.47%, and c-peptide levels: 0.1 ng/mL. Intraportal infusion of xenogeneic-free IS-AD-MSC from living donors, subjected to defined culture conditions and phenotypically differentiated to insulin-secreting cells, with mean quantum: 1.5 mL, expressing Pax-6, Isl-1, and pdx-1, cell counts: 2.1 x 10(3)/mu L, CD45(-)/90(+)/73(+):40/30.1%, C-Peptide level: 1.8 ng/mL, and insulin level: 339.3 IU/mL with CBM mean quantum: 96.3 mL and cell counts: 28.1 x 10(3)/mu L, CD45(-)/34(+):0.62%, was carried out. Results. All were successfully transplanted without any untoward effect. Over mean followup of 23 months, they had a decreased mean exogenous insulin requirement to 0.63 units/kgBW/day, Hb1Ac to 7.39%, raised serum c-peptide levels to 0.38 ng/mL, and became free of diabetic ketoacidosis events with mean 2.5 Kg weight gain on normal vegetarian diet and physical activities. Conclusion. This is the first report of treating IDDM with insulin-secreting-AD-MSC+CBM safely and effectively with relatively simple techniques.
Global diets link environmental sustainability and human health; Diets link environmental and human health. Rising incomes and urbanization are driving a global dietary transition in which traditional diets are replaced by diets higher in refined sugars, refined fats, oils and meats. By 2050 these dietary trends, if unchecked, would be a major contributor to an estimated 80 per cent increase in global agricultural greenhouse gas emissions from food production and to global land clearing. Moreover, these dietary shifts are greatly increasing the incidence of type II diabetes, coronary heart disease and other chronic non-communicable diseases that lower global life expectancies. Alternative diets that offer substantial health benefits could, if widely adopted, reduce global agricultural greenhouse gas emissions, reduce land clearing and resultant species extinctions, and help prevent such diet-related chronic non-communicable diseases. The implementation of dietary solutions to the tightly linked diet-environment-health trilemma is a global challenge, and opportunity, of great environmental and public health importance.
Vitamin C and hyperglycemia in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer - Norfolk (EPIC-Norfolk) study - A population-based study; OBJECTIVE - To examine the cross-sectional association between plasma vitamin C, self-reported diabetes, and HbA(1c). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data from a population-based study of diet, cancer, and chronic disease were analyzed. A total of 2,898 men and 3,560 women 45-74 years of age who were registered with general practices in Norfolk, U.K., were recruited to the European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer-Norfolk study between 1995 and 1998. RESULTS- Mean plasma vitamin C levels were significantly higher in individuals with HbA(1c) levels <7% than in those with self-reported diabetes or prevalent undiagnosed hyperglycemia (HbA(1c) greater than or equal to 7%). An inverse gradient of mean plasma vitamin C was found in both sexes across quintiles of HbA(1c) distribution <7%. The odds ratio (95% CI) of having prevalent undiagnosed hyperglycemia per 20 mu mol/l (or 1 SD) increase in plasma vitamin C was 0.70 (0.52-0.95) (adjusted for sex, age, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio, tertiary education, any use of dietary supplements, vegetarian diet, alcohol consumption, physical activity, dietary vitamin E, dietary fiber, dietary saturated Fat, and smoking history). The unadjusted change in HbA(1c) per 20 mu mol/l increase in vitamin C estimated by linear regression was - 0.12% (- 0.14 to - 0.09) in men and -0.09% (-0.11 to -0.07) in women. After adjusting for the possible confounders, these values were - 0.08% (- 0.11 to -0.04) in men and -0.05% (-0.07 to -0.03) in women. CONCLUSIONS - An inverse association was found between plasma vitamin C and HbA(1c). Dietary measures to increase plasma vitamin C may be an important public health strategy for reducing the prevalence of diabetes.
LACK OF ASSOCIATION BETWEEN CASSAVA CONSUMPTION AND TROPICAL PANCREATITIS SYNDROME; Previous studies suggesting an association between use of tubers of cassava and tropical pancreatitis have been weak and conflicting. To test a possible association the cassava consumption of 40 consecutive cases of tropical pancreatitis syndrome were compared with age-matched and sex-matched healthy hospital visitors. The sociodemographic characteristics of the two groups were comparable. There was no association between cassava consumption and tropical pancreatitis syndrome (odds ratio = 0.56; 95% confidence interval = 0.21-1.45). Controlling for the possible confounding effects of low socio-economic status and vegetarian diet did not alter the odds ratio. Testing for interaction also failed to show any effect modification of the association of cassava by economic status, chilli consumption or vegetarian diet. A significantly higher number of cases gave a positive family history of diabetes compared to the controls (odds ratio = 4.11; 95% confidence interval = 1.04-16.30; P = 0.04). In this case-control study which had sufficient power to detect an odds ratio greater than or equal to 3.5, there was no association between cassava consumption and tropical pancreatitis syndrome.
Edible vaccines: A new approach to oral immunization; Edible vaccines offer exciting possibilities for significantly reducing the burden of diseases life hepatitis and diarrhoea, particularly in developing world where storing and administering vaccines are the major problems. Edible vaccines are prepared by molecular farming using the science of genetic engineering. Selected genes are introduced into the plants. The transgenic plant is then induced to manufacture the encoded protein. Owing to its low cost, it will be suitable for developing countries like India. Edible vaccines are mucosal-targeted vaccines, which cause stimulation of both systematic and mucosal immune response. Edible vaccines are being developed for various diseases, such as measles, cholera and hepatitis B, and many more are in the process of development. Thus, they may also help to suppress autoimmune disorders such as Type-I diabetes, diarrhoea, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, etc. Human trials conducted by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), US Department of Health and Human Services, USA show that edible vaccines are feasible. ProdiGene, a biotech company, has a patent for vaccine against, viral diseases of hepatitis and transmissible gastroenteritis virus. This review comprises methods of preparation, mechanism of action, recent developments, clinical trials and therapeutci applications of edible vaccines.
Prevalence of Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease and Their Associations with Diet and Physical Activity in Suburban Beijing, China; Background: We calculated new prevalences of risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and examined their associations with dietary habits and physical activity in a suburban area of Beijing-one of the most urbanized cities in China. Methods: In 2007, a cross-sectional survey of a representative sample of 19 003 suburban residents aged 18 to 76 years was conducted. Dietary and anthropometric data were collected by questionnaire, and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, and serum lipids were measured. Results: The age-standardized prevalences of the CVD risk factors overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and metabolic syndrome (MS) were 31.9%, 6.1%, 33.6%, 30.3%, and 11.6%, respectively. The adjusted odd ratios (95% confidence interval [CI]) of overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and MS for participants who were physically active, as compared with those who were not physically active, were 0.67 (0.47 to 0.85), 0.87 (0.80 to 0.95), 0.92 (0.87 to 0.98), 0.89 (0.82 to 0.96), and 0.74 (0.62 to 0.89), respectively. The adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) of hypertension and MS for participants with a high intake of salt, as compared with those without a high intake of salt, were 1.72 (1.29 to 2.03) and 1.48 (1.16 to 1.77), respectively. In addition, participants who consumed a high-fat diet were more likely to be overweight/obese and dyslipidemic, whereas vegetarians had less risk of overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and MS. Conclusions: In this population of adults living in suburban Beijing, there were relatively high prevalences of the CVD risk factors overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and MS. Healthy dietary habits and physical activity may reduce the risks of these conditions.
Insulin secretion as a determinant of pancreatic cancer risk; New epidemiology confirms that glucose intolerance is a risk factor for pancreatic cancer, and that this association cannot be accounted for by an adverse impact of early pancreatic cancer on beta cell function. Previous reports indicate that risk for pancreatic cancer is increased in adult-onset diabetics. Since streptozotocin diabetes inhibits carcinogen-mediated induction of pancreatic cancer in hamsters, the most reasonable interpretation of these findings is that insulin (or some other beta cell product) acts as a promoter for pancreatic carcinogenesis. This view is consistent with a report that human pancreatic adenocarcinomas express insulin receptors that can stimulate mitosis; an additional possibility is that high insulin levels indirectly promote pancreatic carcinogenesis by boosting effective IGF-I activity via hepatic actions. In international ecologic epidemiology, pancreatic cancer rates correlate tightly with dietary intake of animal products; this may reflect the fact that vegan diets are associated with low diurnal insulin secretion. There is also suggestive evidence that macrobiotic vegan diets, which are low in glycemic index, may increase mean survival time in pancreatic cancer. However, other types of diets associated with decreased postprandial insulin response, such as high-protein diets or 'Mediterranean' diets high in oleic acid, may also have the potential for pancreatic cancer prevention. The huge increases of age-adjusted pancreatic cancer mortality in Japan and among African-Americans during the last century imply that pancreatic cancer is substantially preventable; a low-insulin-response diet coupled with exercise training, weight control, and smoking avoidance, commendable for a great many other reasons, may slash pancreatic cancer mortality dramatically. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Health benefits of plant-derived α-linolenic acid; alpha-Linolenic acid (ALA) is an n-3 (omega-3) fatty acid found mostly in plant foods such as flaxseed, walnuts, and vegetable oils, including canola and soybean oils. Most of the health benefits observed for n-3 fatty acids have been attributed to the marine-derived long-chain n-3 fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid, because of the strength of evidence from both epidemiologic studies and randomized controlled trials. Furthermore, the observed cardioprotective and other health effects of ALA have been credited to its precursor role in converting to EPA in the body. The promotion of fatty fish consumption for its documented health benefits may not be practical for those who are concerned with the unsustainability of marine sources or who avoid eating fish for a variety of reasons. ALA-rich plant sources are more abundant and may serve as a suitable alternate. It is therefore worthwhile to consider the evidence for the health benefits of ALA. The purpose of this review is to present the evidence from recent studies on the association between ALA and cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and fracture risk. The potential mechanisms that explain these associations will also be briefly discussed.
Handgrip Strength and Its Associated Factors among Community-dwelling Elderly in Sri Lanka: A Cross-sectional Study; Purpose: Low muscle strength is central to geriatric physical disabilities and mortality. The purpose of the present study was to examine handgrip strength (HGS) and its associated factors among community-dwelling older people in Sri Lanka. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in the Kandy district using multistage sampling. A total of 999 older people were recruited, with a female preponderance. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires on demographic characteristics, depression, and physical activity. Anthropometric measurements including weight, height, mid-upper arm circumference, calf circumference, and HGS were recorded. Complex sample general linear model was used to examine the association between HGS and its associated factors. Results: The mean highest HGS of the study group was 12.56 kg (95% confidence interval: 11.94-13.19). Male older people had a higher HGS (17.02, 95% confidence interval: 15.55-18.49 kg) than females (10.59, 95% confidence interval: 10.12-11.06 kg). For both men and women, older age was associated with lower HGS, while mid-upper arm circumference was associated with better HGS. Diabetes mellitus, vegetarian diet, and alcohol consumption were associated with HGS for women only. Conclusion: Men had a higher HGS compared with women. Age, mid-upper arm circumference, diabetes mellitus, vegetarian diet, and alcohol consumption were factors associated with HGS among community-dwelling older people in Kandy district, Sri Lanka. HGS can be used as a feasible strategy to improve health status of older people by community health nurses. (C) 2018 Korean Society of Nursing Science, Published by Elsevier Korea LLC.
Dietary intervention in acne Attenuation of increased mTORC1 signaling promoted by Western diet; The purpose of this paper is to highlight the endocrine signaling of Western diet, a fundamental environmental factor involved in the pathogenesis of epidemic acne. Western nutrition is characterized by high calorie uptake, high glycemic load, high fat and meat intake, as well as increased consumption of insulinand IGF-1-level elevating dairy proteins. Metabolic signals of Western diet are sensed by the nutrient-sensitive kinase, mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1), which integrates signals of cellular energy, growth factors (insulin, IGF-1) and protein-derived signals, predominantly leucine, provided in high amounts by milk proteins and meat. mTORC1 activates SREBP, the master transcription factor of lipogenesis. Leucine stimulates mTORC1-SREBP signaling and leucine is directly converted by sebocytes into fatty acids and sterols for sebaceous lipid synthesis. Over-activated mTORC1 increases androgen hormone secretion and most likely amplifies androgen-driven mTORC1 signaling of sebaceous follicles. Testosterone directly activates mTORC1. Future research should investigate the effects of isotretinoin on sebocyte mTORC1 activity. It is conceivable that isotretinoin may downregulate mTORC1 in sebocytes by upregulation of nuclear levels of FoxO1. The role of Western diet in acne can only be fully appreciated when all stimulatory inputs for maximal mTORC1 activation, i.e., glucose, insulin, IGF-1 and leucine, are adequately considered. Epidemic acne has to be recognized as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization like obesity, type 2 diabetes, cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. These new insights into Western diet-mediated mTORC1-hyperactivity provide a rational basis for dietary intervention in acne by attenuating mTORC1 signaling by reducing (1) total energy intake, (2) hyperglycemic carbohydrates, (3) insulinotropic dairy proteins and (4) leucine-rich meat and dairy proteins. The necessary dietary changes are opposed to the evolution of industrialized food and fast food distribution of Westernized countries. An attenuation of mTORC1 signaling is only possible by increasing the consumption of vegetables and fruit, the major components of vegan or Paleolithic diets. The dermatologist bears a tremendous responsibility for his young acne patients who should be advised to modify their dietary habits in order to reduce activating stimuli of mTORC1, not only to improve acne but to prevent the harmful and expensive march to other mTORC1-related chronic diseases later in life.
A Randomized clinical trial testing treatment preference and two dietary options in Behavioral weight management: Preliminary results of the impact of diet at 6 months - PREFER study; Objective: The PREFER study objectives were to examine potential differences in weight loss during a standard behavioral intervention between subjects assigned to one of two calorie- and fat-restricted diets [standard behavior treatment (SBT) and lacto-ovo-vegetarian ([SBT+LOV)], with or without regard to their preferred dietary treatment. This article reports the differences in outcomes between diet groups after the first 6 months of the intervention. Research Methods and Procedures: The study used a fourgroup design. Subjects (n = 182) were randomized to a treatment preference group and then to a dietary treatment group. For this report, preference groups were combined to permit comparisons by dietary treatment only (SBT, n = 98; SBT+LOV, n = 84). Additional analyses compared SBT+LOV subjects who were 100% adherent (did not consume any meat, fish, or poultry, n = 47) to those who were < 100% adherent (n = 24). Results: Significant differences were seen in the baseline to 6-month change scores between the two groups for carbohydrate consumption (p = 0.013), protein consumption (p < 0.001), polyunsaturated-to-satfirated fat ratio (p = 0.009), and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) level (p = 0.013). Among SBT+LOV subjects, those who were 100% adherent experienced greater reductions in weight (p < 0.001), total cholesterol (p = 0.026), LDL-C (p = 0.034), and glucose (p = 0.002) and consumed less fat (p = 0.030) compared with those who were < 100% adherent. Discussion: Differences between dietary treatment groups at 6 months were minimal, most likely because one-third of the SBT+LOV group did not follow the vegetarian diet and because both groups had the same calorie and fat restrictions. SBT+LOV subjects who were 100% adherent were more successful at both weight loss and cholesterol reduction than those who were < 100% adherent, suggesting that vegetarian diets are efficacious for weight and cholesterol control.
Plant Foods, Antioxidant Biomarkers, and the Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Cancer, and Mortality: A Review of the Evidence; Although a high intake of plant foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and legumes has been recommended for chronic disease prevention, it has been unclear what is the optimal amount of intake of these foods and whether specific subtypes are particularly beneficial. The evidence from several recently published meta-analyses on plant foods and antioxidants and various health outcomes is reviewed as well as more recently published studies. In meta-analyses of prospective studies, inverse associations were observed between intake of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and nuts and the risk of coronary artery disease, stroke, cardiovascular disease overall, total cancer, and all-cause mortality. The strongest reductions in risk were observed at an intake of 800 g/d for fruits and vegetables, 225 g/d for whole grains, and 15-20 g/d for nuts, respectively. Whole-grain and nut consumption was also inversely associatedwithmortality fromrespiratory disease, infections, and diabetes. Stronger and more linear inverse associations were observed between blood concentrations of antioxidants (vitamin C, carotenoids, vitamin E) and cardiovascular disease, cancer, and all-cause mortality than for dietary intake. Most studies that have since been published have been consistent with these results; however, further studies are needed on subtypes of plant foods and less common causes of death. These results strongly support dietary recommendations to increase intake of plant foods, and suggest optimal intakes for chronic disease prevention may be similar to 800 g/d for intakes of fruits and vegetables, 225 g/d for whole grains, and 15-20 g/d for nuts. Diets high in plant foods could potentially prevent several million premature deaths each year if adopted globally.
Nutrition in pregnancy; A healthy and varied diet is important at all times in life, but particularly so during pregnancy. The maternal diet must provide sufficient energy and nutrients to meet the mother's usual requirements, as well as the needs of the growing fetus, and enable the mother to lay down stores of nutrients required for fetal development as well as for lactation. The dietary recommendations for pregnant women are actually very similar to those for other adults, but with a few notable exceptions. The main recommendation is to follow a healthy, balanced diet based on the Balance of Good Health model. In particular, pregnant women should try to consume plenty of iron-and folate-rich foods, and a daily supplement of vitamin D (10 mu g/day) is recommended throughout pregnancy. There are currently no official recommendations for weight gain during pregnancy in the UK. For women with a healthy pre-pregnancy weight, an average weight gain of 12 kg (range 10-14 kg) has been shown to be associated with the lowest risk of complications during pregnancy and labour, and with a reduced risk of having a low birthweight (LBW) infant. However, in practice, well-nourished women with a normal pre-pregnancy bodyweight show wide variations in weight gain during pregnancy. Low gestational weight gain increases the risk of having a LBW infant, whereas excessive weight gain during pregnancy increases the risk of overweight and obesity in the mother after the birth. A birthweight of 3.1-3.6 kg has been shown to be associated with optimal maternal and fetal outcomes for a full-term infant. LBW (birthweight <2.5 kg) is associated with increased infant morbidity and mortality, as well as an increased risk of adult diseases in later life, such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The fetal origins hypothesis states that chronic diseases in adulthood may be a consequence of 'fetal programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period in development has a permanent effect on structure, physiology or function. However, there is little evidence that in healthy, well-nourished women, the diet can be manipulated in order to prevent LBW and the risk of chronic diseases in later life. Maternal nutritional status at the time of conception is an important determinant of fetal growth and development, and therefore a healthy, balanced diet is important before, as well as during, pregnancy. It is also important to try and attain a healthy bodyweight prior to conception [body mass index (BMI) of 20-25], as being either underweight or overweight can affect both fertility and birth outcome. It is now well recognised that taking folic acid during the peri-conceptional period can reduce the incidence of neural tube defects (NTDs), and all women who may become pregnant are advised to take a folic acid supplement of 400 mu g/day prior to and up until the 12th week of pregnancy. The UK Committee on Medical Aspects of Food Policy (COMA) panel has established dietary reference values (DRVs) for nutrients for which there is an increased requirement during pregnancy. This includes thiamin, riboflavin, folate and vitamins A, C and D, as well as energy and protein. The energy costs of pregnancy have been estimated at around 321 MJ (77 000 kcal), based on theoretical calculations and data from longitudinal studies. In practice, individual women vary widely in metabolic rate, fat deposition and physical activity level, so there are wide variations in individual energy requirements during pregnancy. In the UK, the recommendation is that an extra 200 kcal of energy per day is required during the third trimester only. However, this assumes a reduction in physical activity level during pregnancy, and women who are underweight or who do not reduce their activity level may require more. The COMA DRV panel did not establish any increment in requirements for any minerals during pregnancy, as physiological adaptations are thought to help meet the increased demand for minerals, e.g. there is an increase in absorption of calcium and iron. However, certain individuals will require more calcium, particularly teenagers whose skeletons are still developing. Up to 50% of women of childbearing age in the UK have low iron stores, and are therefore at risk of developing anaemia should they become pregnant. Moreover, around 40% of women aged 19-34 years currently have an iron intake below the lower reference nutrient intake (LRNI). Pregnant women are therefore advised to consume plenty of iron-rich foods during pregnancy and, in some cases, supplementation may be necessary. There are a number of food safety issues that apply to women before and during pregnancy. It is advisable to pay particular attention to food hygiene during pregnancy, and to avoid certain foods (e.g. mould-ripened and blue-veined cheeses) in order to reduce the risk of exposure to potentially harmful food pathogens, such as listeria and salmonella. Pregnant women, and those who may become pregnant, are also advised to avoid foods that are high in retinol (e.g. liver and liver products), as excessive intakes are toxic to the developing fetus. It is also recommended that the intake of both alcohol and caffeine is limited to within current guidelines. As for the general population, pregnant women should try to consume at least two portions of fish per week, one of which should be oil-rich. However, in 2004, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued new advice on oil-rich fish consumption and now recommends a limit of no more than two portions of oil-rich fish per week for pregnant women (and those who may become pregnant). Oil-rich fish is a rich source of long-chain n-3 fatty acids which are thought to help protect against heart disease. Furthermore, these types of fatty acids are also required for fetal brain and nervous system development. The upper limit on oil-rich fish consumption is to avoid the risk of exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), which are environmental pollutants. Pregnant women are also advised to avoid marlin, shark and swordfish, and limit their intake of tuna due to the risk of exposure to methylmercury, which at high levels can be harmful to the developing nervous system of the fetus. There are certain considerations with regard to specific dietary groups during pregnancy. For example, vegetarians and vegans may have difficulty meeting their requirements for certain vitamins and minerals, particularly riboflavin, vitamin B 12, calcium, iron and zinc. However, most vegan and vegetarian women should be able to meet their nutrient requirements during pregnancy, with careful dietary planning, while those on very restricted diets may also need to consume fortified foods or supplements. Pregnancy during adolescence raises a number of nutritional concerns. Teenagers already have high nutrient requirements for growth and development, and therefore there is potential competition for nutrients. Furthermore, a large proportion of teenage girls have low intakes of a range of nutrients that are important during pregnancy, particularly folate, calcium and iron. Teenagers who become pregnant often do not take folic acid supplements, either because the pregnancy is unplanned, or because they are unaware of the importance of taking folic acid. Teenage pregnancy therefore presents particular challenges for health professionals. As well as following a healthy, balanced diet during pregnancy, staying physically active is also important, to promote general health and well-being, and also to help prevent excess maternal weight gain. Studies that have looked at the effects of maternal physical activity on pregnancy outcome have been of variable quality, but there is little evidence that moderate exercise can have any adverse effects on the health of the mother or the fetus. Studies do suggest that regular, aerobic exercise during pregnancy helps improve or maintain physical fitness and body image. It is recommended that pregnant women should continue with their usual physical activity for as long as feels comfortable, and try to keep active on a daily basis, e.g. by walking. Swimming is a particularly suitable form of exercise, although it is advisable to avoid strenuous or vigorous physical activity during pregnancy.
Health Economic Evaluation Modeling Shows Potential Health Care Cost Savings with Increased Conformance with Healthy Dietary Patterns among Adults in the United States; Background Many American adults have one or more chronic diseases related to a poor diet, resulting in significant direct and indirect economic impacts. The 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recognized that dietary patterns may be more relevant for predicting health outcomes compared with individual diet elements and recommended three healthy patterns based on evidence of favorable associations with many chronic disease risk factors and outcomes. Health economic assessments provide a model to estimate the potential influence on costs associated with changes in chronic disease risk resulting from improved diet quality in the US adult population. Objective To estimate the impact on health care costs associated with increased conformance with the three healthy patterns recommended in the 2015-2020 DGA, including the Healthy US-Style, the Healthy Mediterranean-Style, and the Healthy Vegetarian eating patterns. Methods Recent moderate- to high-quality meta-analyses of health outcomes associated with increased conformance with the Healthy US-Style eating pattern as measured by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI) or the Healthy Mediterranean-Style eating pattern measured by a Mediterranean diet score (MED) were identified. Given the lack of quantification of the association between an increased conformance with a vegetarian pattern and health outcomes, the analysis was limited to studies that evaluated Healthy US-style and Healthy Mediterranean-style eating patterns. The 2013-2014 What We Eat in America data provided estimates of conformance with these two eating patterns using the HEI-2015 and the 9-point MED among the US adult population. Risk estimates quantifying the association between eating patterns and health outcomes were combined with the eating pattern score increase under two conformance scenarios: increasing the average HEI-2015 and MED by 20% and increasing the average HEI-2015 and MED to achieve 80% of complete conformance. The resulting change in risk was combined with published data on annual health care and indirect costs, inflated to 2017 US dollars to estimate cost. To address double counting, costs were adjusted to minimize potential overlap of comorbidities. Results Overall modeled cost savings were $16.7 billion (range-$6.7 billion to $25.4 billion) to $31.5 billion (range-$23.9 billion to $38.9 billion) based on a 20% increase in the MED and HEI-2015, respectively, resulting from reductions in cardiovascular disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes for both patterns and including Alzheimer's disease and hip fractures for the MED. In the case that diet quality of US adults were to improve to achieve 80% of the maximum MED and HEI-2015, cost savings were estimated at $88.2 billion (range-$35.7 billion to $133 billion) and $55.1 billion (range -$41.8 billion to $68.2 billion), respectively. Conclusions This is the first study quantifying savings from all health outcomes identified to be associated with the HEI and the MED to assess conformance with two eating patterns recommended as part of the 2015-2020 DGA. Findings from this study suggest that increasing conformance with healthy eating patterns among US adults could reduce costs, with billions of dollars in potential savings.
PATTERN OF NON-COMMUNICABLE DISEASES IN PATIENTS ATTENDING MEDICINE OPD AT A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL OF RANCHI, JHARKHAND; BACKGROUND: Globally, non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are increasingly recognized as a major cause of morbidity and mortality. These diseases have reached epidemic proportions, yet they could be significantly reduced, with millions of lives saved and untold suffering avoided, through reduction of their risk factors, early detection and timely treatments. Objective: To study the risk factors responsible for the development of non-communicable diseases in the patients attending Medicine OPD at RIMS, Ranchi. MATERIALS AND METHODS: It was a cross-sectional observational study. The sample sizes of 207 patients were selected by Consecutive Sampling Method from OPD of Medicine department of Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences, Ranchi, Jharkhand. Patients above 30 years of age irrespective of sex were selected in our study and road traffic accident cases & cases of blindness were excluded. Statistical Analysis was done in Proportions. RESULTS: Out of 207 cases 56.52% cases were NCDs. The most common age group was 50-59yrs. 39.31% followed by more than 60 yrs 29.05%. The most common disease was cardiovascular 30.76% followed by diabetes 24.78%, respiratory diseases 18.80% and obesity 16.23%. The majorities of the sample belong to urban area 61.54% and have sedentary life style 70.08%, smoking habits 53.84% and non-vegetarian eating habits 78.63%. The disease is prevalent in business class 45.29% followed by service holder 31.62%. CONCLUSION: The studies revealed that majority of the subjects were physically inactive, non-vegetarian. They were consuming tobacco & alcohol, which are the risk factors of various non-communicable diseases like obesity, hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases.
Modulation of adipocyte lipoprotein lipase expression as a strategy for preventing or treating visceral obesity; As compared to subcutaneous adipocytes, visceral adipocytes have high basal lipolysis, are highly sensitive to catecholamines, and are poorly sensitive to insulin; these traits are amplified when visceral adipocytes hypertrophy. As a result, enlarged visceral fat stores tend to flood the portal circulation with free fatty acids at metabolically inappropriate times when fatty acids are unlikely to be oxidized, thus exposing tissues to excessive free fatty acid levels and giving rise to the insulin resistance syndrome. A logical approach to preventing or correcting visceral obesity is to down-regulate the lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity of visceral adipocytes relative to that expressed in subcutaneous adipocytes and skeletal muscle. IGF-l activity appears to be a primary determinant of visceral LPL activity in humans; systemic IGF-l activity is decreased when diurnal insulin secretion is low, when hepatocytes detect a relative paucity of certain essential amino acids, and when estrogens are administred orally. The ability of alpha -glucosidase inhibitor therapy to selectively reduce visceral adiposity suggests that down-regulation of diurnal insulin secretion and/or lGF-1 activity may indeed have a greater impact on LPL activity in visceral fat than in subcutaneous fat. Thus, low-glycemic-index, vegan, high-protein, or hypocaloric diets can be expected to decrease visceral LPL activity, as can postmenopausal estrogen therapy. Furthermore, estrogen enhances the LPL activity of non-pathogenic gluteofemoral fat cells, whereas testosterone decreases visceral LPL activity in men; this may explain why sex hormone replacement in middle-aged people of both sexes has a favorable impact on visceral fat and insulin sensitivity. Beta-adrenergic activity suppresses transcription of LPL in adipocytes; this phenomenon may contribute to the favorable impact of exercise training on visceral obesity; conceivably, preadministration of safe drugs that boost catecholamine activity (caffeine, yohimbine) could potentiate this beneficial effect of exercise. Glucocorticoids selectively increase the LPL activity of visceral adipocytes; while there is currently no convincing evidence that psychological stress is a major determinant of visceral adiposity, or that stress management techniques can help to correct visceral obesity, reports that anxiolytic therapy can improve glycemic control in type 2 diabetes should encourage further research along these lines. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Impact of a reduced red and processed meat dietary pattern on disease risks and greenhouse gas emissions in the UK: a modelling study; Objectives: Consumption of red and processed meat (RPM) is a leading contributor to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and high intakes of these foods increase the risks of several leading chronic diseases. The aim of this study was to use newly derived estimates of habitual meat intakes in UK adults to assess potential co-benefits to health and the environment from reduced RPM consumption. Design: Modelling study using dietary intake data from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of British Adults. Setting: British general population. Methods: Respondents were divided into fifths by energy-adjusted RPM intakes, with vegetarians constituting a sixth stratum. GHG emitted in supplying the diets of each stratum was estimated using data from life-cycle analyses. A feasible counterfactual UK population was specified, in which the proportion of vegetarians measured in the survey population doubled, and the remainder adopted the dietary pattern of the lowest fifth of RPM consumers. Outcome measures: Reductions in risks of coronary heart disease, diabetes and colorectal cancer, and GHG emissions, under the counterfactual. Results: Habitual RPM intakes were 2.5 times higher in the top compared with the bottom fifth of consumers. Under the counterfactual, statistically significant reductions in population aggregate risks ranged from 3.2% (95% CI 1.9 to 4.7) for diabetes in women to 12.2% (6.4 to 18.0) for colorectal cancer in men, with those moving from the highest to lowest consumption levels gaining about twice these averages. The expected reduction in GHG emissions was 0.45 tonnes CO2 equivalent/person/year, about 3% of the current total, giving a reduction across the UK population of 27.8 million tonnes/year. Conclusions: Reduced consumption of RPM would bring multiple benefits to health and environment.
A historical exploration of Indian diets and a possible link to insulin resistance syndrome; Background: Insulin resistance syndrome, especially with diabetes, is becoming increasingly prevalent in India. The increasing consumption of low-fibre and refined carbohydrates is thought to be related to the increased risk of insulin resistance syndrome. Aim: The aim was to study the history of eating behaviours in India; the patterns (macronutrients, frequency, and quantity) of food consumption amongst ancient, medieval and modern Indians; and the evolution of a primarily low-fibre and refined-carbohydrate diet. Methods: The ancient dietary laws of India, historical documents, and ancient and medieval literature and poetry, spanning more than 2000 years, were studied. These data were compared with modern diets among people of different geographical regions, religions and social strata using the National Nutritional Database of the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) for analysis. Conclusions: The data presented shows a gradual shift over the centuries from the Pastoral Age diet of large quantities of high-fibre carbohydrates, small amounts of digestible carbohydrates, moderate fats, moderate proteins, to an increasing and frequent intake of high-fibre carbohydrates associated with significant drop in protein and fat consumption between 1775 and 1947. From 1947 onwards there has been an increase in the frequency of intake and quantities of low-fibre and refined carbohydrates, and fats with protein intake improving only marginally. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors for pancreatic cancer: A review; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is associated with a poor prognosis and a high case-fatality rate. The reasons for poor prognosis are low rates of curative resection due to local infiltration and distant metastasis. To increase survival rates of patients with pancreatic cancer, early detection through surveillance and screening is important. However, screening could only be cost-effective in high-risk populations. Identification of significant risk factors therefore assumes significance. Risk factors could be non-modifiable or modifiable. Non-modifiable risk factors include increasing age, familial cancer syndromes, Afro-American race, hereditary and other forms of chronic pancreatitis, diabetes, and non-O blood group. Important modifiable risk factors include smoking, obesity, dietary factors such as non-vegetarian diet, and toxins. Preventive strategies at the population level and an effective screening program targeted at high-risk people may help in prevention and early detection of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Iron metabolism in obesity: How interaction between homoeostatic mechanisms can interfere with their original purpose. Part II: Epidemiological and historic aspects of the iron/obesity interaction; The change from a mainly vegetarian fare to meat consumption went along with brain growth and increased insulin resistance to improve brain's glucose supply. Meat consumption increased iron bioavailability and, thus, physical and mental fitness. The "predation-release-hypothesis" proposes that group coordination, arms and fire abolished the survival advantage of lean individuals from predation. The "thrifty gene-hypothesis", in contrast, proposes that surviving repeated episodes of starvation increased efficiency of food utilization in the offspring; they learned to utilize every available calorie. As a consequence of either mechanism, improved food security will increase prevalence of obesity along with that of its fatal consequences, such as diabetes, hypertension, heart diseases, and cancer. Thus, improved food security collides with the biologically evolved mechanisms to store excessive calories in preparation for a famine that never came. The crash between homoeostatic mechanisms and human intervention caused the presently observed pandemia of obesity and explains why it is so difficult to avoid, in spite of its well known and often fatal consequences. (C) 2014 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Curcumin and linseed oil co-delivered in phospholipid nanoemulsions enhances the levels of docosahexaenoic acid in serum and tissue lipids of rats; Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an important long chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) primarily found in marine fishes. The diets of vegetarian population do not contain preformed DHA, but they can derive it from shorter chain a-linolenic acid (ALA) found in plant oils. However, the conversion efficiency of ALA to DHA is minimal in human adults. This may cause insufficiency of DHA in the vegetarian population. Curcumin, diferuloyl methane found in the spice turmeric, has the potential to increase the formation of DHA from ALA by activating the enzymes FADS2 and elongase 2. The present study was designed to prepare curcumin nanoemulsion using phospholipid core material (LipoidTM) and exploring the possibility of enhancing its bioavailability and its impact on DHA levels in rats. Curcumin was dissolved in coconut oil (CNO, MCFA rich), Sunflower oil (SNO, n-6 PUFA rich) or Linseed oil (LSO, n-3 PUFA rich) and nanoemulsions were prepared after mixing with LipoidTM using high pressure homogenizer. The nanoemulsions were fed to weaning rats for 60 days along with AIN-93 diets. Rats fed nanoemulsion containing curcumin in LSO showed high levels of curcumin in serum liver, heart and brain. Significant increase in DHA levels of serum and tissue lipids were observed in rats given LSO with curcumin in nanoemulsions. Therefore, supplementation of diets with ALA rich LSO and curcumin could increase DHA concentrations in serum, liver, heart and brain lipids which have implications for meeting the DHA requirements of vegetarian populations.
Serum vitamin B<sub>12</sub> deficiency and hyperhomocystinemia:: A reversible cause of acute chorea, cerebellar ataxia in an adult with cerebral ischemia; Patients with vitamin B-12 deficiency have protean neurological manifestations that are often insidious. Acute onset of cerebellar dysfunction and extrapyramidal manifestations like dystonia and chorea are rather uncommon in adults. We describe a patient who manifested with acute onset of language dysfunction, chorea and ataxia. There was no history of hypertension, diabetes or ischemic heart disease. He had low serum vitamin B-12 and elevated serum homocystine levels. He improved dramatically following B-12 replacement therapy. Our patient Provides insight into the pathophysiological mechanism of this rare manifestation. Further the importance of considering vitamin B-12 deficiency, in country like India, where vegetarian food practice is quite common, is being emphasized. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Role of carnitine in disease; Carnitine is a conditionally essential nutrient that plays a vital role in energy production and fatty acid metabolism. Vegetarians possess a greater bioavailability than meat eaters. Distinct deficiencies arise either from genetic mutation of carnitine transporters or in association with other disorders such as liver or kidney disease. Carnitine deficiency occurs in aberrations of carnitine regulation in disorders such as diabetes, sepsis, cardiomyopathy, malnutrition, cirrhosis, endocrine disorders and with aging. Nutritional supplementation of L-carnitine, the biologically active form of carnitine, is ameliorative for uremic patients, and can improve nerve conduction, neuropathic pain and immune function in diabetes patients while it is life-saving for patients suffering primary carnitine deficiency. Clinical application of carnitine holds much promise in a range of neural disorders such as Alzheimer's disease, hepatic encephalopathy and other painful neuropathies. Topical application in dry eye offers osmoprotection and modulates immune and inflammatory responses. Carnitine has been recognized as a nutritional supplement in cardiovascular disease and there is increasing evidence that carnitine supplementation may be beneficial in treating obesity, improving glucose intolerance and total energy expenditure.
Food restriction followed by refeeding with a casein- or whey-based diet differentially affects the gut microbiota of pre-pubertal male rats; Researchers are gaining an increasing understanding of host-gut microbiota interactions, but studies of the role of gut microbiota in linear growth are scarce. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of food restriction and refeeding with different diets on gut microbiota composition in fast-growing rats. Young male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed regular rat chow ad libitum (control group) or subjected to 40% food restriction for 36 days followed by continued restriction or ad libitum refeeding for 24 days. Three different diets were used for refeeding: regular vegetarian protein chow or chow in which the sole source of protein was casein or whey. In the control group, the composition of the microbiota remained stable. Food restriction for 60 days led to a significant change in the gut microbiota at the phylum level, with a reduction in the abundance of Firmicutes and an increase in Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria. Rats refed with the vegetarian protein diet had a different microbiota composition than rats refed the casein- or whey-based diet. Similarities in the bacterial population were found between rats refed vegetarian protein or a whey-based diet and control rats, and between rats refed a casein-based diet and rats on continued restriction. There was a significant strong correlation between the gut microbiota and growth parameters: humerus length, epiphyseal growth plate height, and levels of insulin like growth factor 1 and leptin. In conclusion, the type of protein in the diet significantly affects the gut microbiota and, thereby, may affect animal's health. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Creatine Is a Scavenger for Methylglyoxal under Physiological Conditions via Formation of N-(4-Methyl-5-oxo-1-imidazolin-2-yl)sarcosine (MG-HCr); Following incubation of methylglyoxal and creatine under physiological conditions, N-(4-methyl-5-oxo-1-imidazolin-2-yl)sarcosine (MG-HCr) was isolated and identified by NMR and mass spectrometry. Due to its rapid formation, MG-HCr represents a specific product following "scavenging" of methylglyoxal by creatine. Using hydrophilic interaction chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry, MG-HCr was analyzed in urine samples of healthy volunteers. Daily MG-HCr excretion of nonvegetarians ranged from 0.35 to 3.84 mu mol/24 h urine (median: 0.90 mu mol/24 h urine) and of vegetarians from 0.11 to 0.31 mu mol/24 h urine (median: 0.19 mu mol/24 h urine), indicating that formation of MG-HCr in vivo is influenced by the dietary intake of creatine. The trapping of methylglyoxal by creatine may delay the formation of advanced glycation compounds in vivo and, therefore, could be of special importance in situations in which the body has to deal with pathophysiologically increased amounts of dicarbonyl compounds ("carbonyl stress"), for instance in diabetic patients.
Vegetable-Based Diets for Chronic Kidney Disease? It Is Time to Reconsider; Traditional dietary recommendations to renal patients limited the intake of fruits and vegetables because of their high potassium content. However, this paradigm is rapidly changing due to the multiple benefits derived from a fundamentally vegetarian diet such as, improvement in gut dysbiosis, reducing the number of pathobionts and protein-fermenting species leading to a decreased production of the most harmful uremic toxins, while the high fiber content of these diets enhances intestinal motility and short-chain fatty acid production. Metabolic acidosis in chronic kidney disease (CKD) is aggravated by the high consumption of meat and refined cereals, increasing the dietary acid load, while the intake of fruit and vegetables is able to neutralize the acidosis and its deleterious consequences. Phosphorus absorption and bioavailability is also lower in a vegetarian diet, reducing hyperphosphatemia, a known cause of cardiovascular mortality in CKD. The richness of multiple plants in magnesium and vitamin K avoids their deficiency, which is common in these patients. These beneficial effects, together with the reduction of inflammation and oxidative stress observed with these diets, may explain the reduction in renal patients' complications and mortality, and may slow CKD progression. Finally, although hyperkalemia is the main concern of these diets, the use of adequate cooking techniques can minimize the amount absorbed.
Recommendations by health organizations for pulse consumption; The present paper aims to study why and how health organizations recommend the consumption of pulses such as beans, chickpeas or lentils. Although it is recognized that frequent pulse consumption may reduce serum cholesterol levels and helps reduce risks of coronary heart disease and diabetes, these advantages are scarcely mentioned by health-promoting associations, i.e. vegetarians and organizations helping people to reduce the risks. for chronic diseases. Pulses, especially common beans, are rather considered as whole grains that provide plenty of proteins, starch, dietary fibres, minerals and vitamins. Many organizations refer to the food guide pyramid to advise their members, and place beans either in the third part, together with meat, in the second one with fruits and vegetables, or in the bottom part with starchy foods. Whatever their place, they have acquired the status of staple food for anyone who wants to eat a healthy diet.
Common variant in <i>FUT2</i> gene is associated with levels of vitamin B<sub>12</sub> in Indian population; Vitamin B-12 is an essential micronutrient synthesized by microorganisms. Mammals including humans have evolved ways for transport and absorption of this vitamin. Deficiency of vitamin B-12 (either due to low intake or polymorphism in genes involved in absorption and intracellular transport of this vitamin) has been associated with various complex diseases. Genome-wide association studies have recently identified several common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in fucosyl transferase 2 gene (FUT2) to be associated with levels of vitamin B-12 the strongest association was with a non-synonymous SNP rs602662 in this gene. In the present study, we attempted to replicate the association of this SNP (rs602662) in an Indian population since a significant proportion has been reported to have low levels of vitamin B-12 in this population. A total of 1146 individuals were genotyped for this SNP using a single base extension method and association with levels of vitamin B-12 was assessed in these individuals. Regression analysis was performed to analyze the association considering various confounding factors like for age, sex, diet, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease status. We found that the SNP rs602662 was significantly associated with the levels of vitamin B-12 (p value<0.0001). We also found that individuals adhering to a vegetarian diet with GG (homozygous major genotype) have significantly lower levels of vitamin B-12 in these individuals. Thus, our study reveals that vegetarian diet along with polymorphism in the FUT2 gene may contribute significantly to the high prevalence of vitamin B-12 deficiency in India. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
LEVELS OF SERUM-CHOLESTEROL, TRIGLYCERIDE, HDL-CHOLESTEROL, APOPROTEIN A-I AND APOPROTEIN-B, AND PLASMA-GLUCOSE, AND PREVALENCE OF DIASTOLIC HYPERTENSION AND CIGARETTE-SMOKING IN PAPUA-NEW-GUINEA HIGHLANDERS; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is rare in Papua New Guinea (PNG) highlanders. Fifty-two men and 69 women randomly selected from three rural communities and a low socioeconomic urban community in the Eastern Highlands Province were assessed for hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, diastolic hypertension and cigarette smoking. There was no significant difference between the findings in the rural and urban groups. The mean fasting levels of serum cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and apoproteins A-I and B were significantly lower (p < 0.001) than those of rural Australians in a comparative study but the serum triglyceride levels were significantly higher in men < 30 yr and women < 40 yr of age. There was no significant difference in the serum cholesterol levels in men and women, and the levels of of serum cholesterol and triglyceride did not rise with age. The mean fasting levels of plasma glucose were generally lower in PNG subjects and only two (1.7%) had diabetes mellitus. The proportions of highlanders who had diastolic hypertension or who smoked cigarettes were similar to those of Australian populations generally. The low incidence of CHD in PNG highlanders is probably related to the low serum cholesterol and apoprotein B levels, in turn probably related to their basically vegetarian diet and physically active life-style.
The green vaccine A global strategy to combat infectious and autoimmune diseases; Plant derived oral green vaccines eliminate expenses associated with fermenters, purification, cold storage/transportation and sterile delivery. Green vaccines are expressed via the plant nuclear or chloroplast genomes. Chloroplast expression has advantages of hyper-expression of therapeutic proteins ( 10,000 copies of transgene per cell), efficient oral delivery and transgene containment via maternal inheritance. To date, 23 vaccine antigens against 16 different bacterial, viral or protozoan pathogens have been expressed in chloroplasts. Mice subcutaneously immunized with the chloroplast derived anthrax protective antigen conferred 100% protection against lethal doses of the anthrax toxin. Oral immunization ( ORV) of F1-V antigens without adjuvant conferred greater protection ( 88%) against 50-fold lethal dose of aerosolized plague ( Yersinia pestis) than subcutaneous ( SQV) immunization ( 33%). Oral immunization of malarial vaccine antigens fused to the cholera antigen ( CTB-AMA1/CTB-Msp1) conferred prolonged immunity ( 50% life span), 100% protection against cholera toxin challenge and inhibited proliferation of the malarial parasite. Protection was correlated with antigen-specific titers of intestinal, serum IgA & IgG1 in ORV and only IgG1 in SQV mice, but no other immunoglobulin. High level expression in edible plant chloroplasts ideal for oral delivery and long-term immunity observed should facilitate development of low cost human vaccines for large populations, at times of outbreak.
Racial bias in federal, nutrition policy, part II: Weak guidelines take a disproportionate toll; Many diet-related chronic diseases rake a disproportionate toll among members of racial minorities. Research shows the prevalence of diabetes, hypertension, cancer, and heart disease is higher among various ethnic groups compared with whites. The Guidelines and the Food Guide Pyramid, however, promote the use of multiple servings of meats and dairy products each day and do not encourage replacing these foods with vegetables, legumes, fruits, and grains. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans encourage a 30% caloric reduction in Far intake and make no provision for further reductions for those who wish to minimize health risks. Abundant evidence has shown that regular exercise combined with diets lower in Fat and richer in plant products than is encouraged by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans are associated with reduced risk of these chronic conditions. While ineffective Dietary Guidelines potentially put all Americans at unnecessary risk, this is particularly true for those groups hardest hit by chronic disease.
Fats & fatty acids in Indian diets: Time for serious introspection; Recommended dietary allowances for fat and fatty acid ( FA) intakes are set on global standards aimed at prevention of lifestyle diseases. Yet, the fat composition of a diet is both ethnic/region specific as well as income dependent. Indian diets are predominantly vegetarian and relatively low in fat. Furthermore, the main sources of fat are of plant origin rather than animal origin. This results in a diet that is relatively low in saturated FA, high in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and very low in n-3 PUFA. Though this appears as a good dietary composition as per global standards, the undeniable increase in the incidence of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in India begs for an explanation. In this context, the current article is aimed at reopening the debate on fat intakes in Indian diets, with a focus on a balance between fats, carbohydrates and proteins, rather than an emphasis on individual macronutrients.
Consumption of special diets among adolescents from 1999 to 2013: A population-based study in Finland; Special diets are consumed as a treatment for diseases such as food allergies, diabetes, lactose intolerance, and coeliac disease. Lifestyle-related diets, such as vegetarian, weight-reducing, sports, bodybuilding, and low-carbohydrate diets, can also be called special diets. The aim of this study was to examine the frequency of and reasons for special diet consumption as a therapeutic measure or as a lifestyle-related choice among 12- to 18-year-old Finns. Nationwide cross-sectional data were collected by mailed, self-administered questionnaires in 1999, 2001, 2007, and 2013. The number of respondents varied from 3535 to 8219, and response rates ranged from 38% to 76%. Consumption of special diets, both for therapeutic purposes and as a lifestyle-related choice, showed a significant increasing trend in 12- to 18-year-olds from 1999 to 2013 (p<.001). During the study period, the most frequently-reported single diets in adolescents were vegetarian and lactose intolerance diets. However, a fluctuation trend was observed in the consumption of different lifestyle-related diets. Further, a growing number of respondents, especially girls, reported simultaneous consumption of a combination of two or more therapeutic and/or lifestyle-related diets. The reason(s) for choosing a therapeutic diet seems to stay constant during the studied period. In contrast, a wide variety of reasons such as health, wellbeing, body weight, ethical, and ideological reasons, and the avoidance of some specific foods were given for the consumption of lifestyle-related diets. Our study results correspond well to the increased prevalence of common illnesses in Finland. Data also reveal the properties of special diet consumption among adolescents in the long run, and this highlights the need to further educate Finnish adolescents on nutrition literacy.
Prevalence and Correlates of overweight and obesity among school children in Guwahati city, Assam; Background: Childhood obesity is one of the most serious public health challenges of the 21st century. Obese children are at increased risk for heart disease, diabetes, stroke, cancer and osteoarthritis. Aim & Objective: To study the prevalence of overweight and obesity & its correlates among school children of Guwahati city. Materials and Method: School based cross sectional study was done among the students of 8th to 10th standard of Guwahati city, Assam. 465 school children were selected by multistage simple random sampling. Data was collected using a pre-designed, semi-structured questionnaire. Results: Prevalence of overweight and obesity was found to be 5.4 % & 2.8 %. and it was significantly more among those who were Non-vegetarian, whose breakfast habit were irregular, don't consume fruits, consume fast food daily, junk food daily, carbonated drinks daily, don't play outdoor games and use vehicles as mode of transport to school. Conclusion: Prevalence of overweight and obesity was found to be more among students having modifiable risk factors.
Nutrition in Stroke Prevention; Nutrition is far more important to the prevention of stroke than most physicians realize. Key issues include a Mediterranean diet, the interaction of the intestinal microbiome, impaired renal function and diet, missed metabolic B12 deficiency, and the lowering of homocysteine with B vitamins to prevent stroke. The Cretan Mediterranean diet is high in olive oil, whole grains, fruits, vegetables, and legumes, and is close to a vegetarian diet. Compared with a low-fat diet, it reduced stroke by over 40%, and is clearly the best diet for diabetes. Metabolic B12 deficiency is very common (similar to 30% of stroke patients age > 70 years) and frequently missed because it is not excluded by a total serum B12 level in the reference range. B vitamins to lower homocysteine do prevent stroke, but their benefit was obscured in early studies because of harm from cyanide in cyanocobalamin among participants with renal impairment. Methylcobalamin should be used instead of cyanocobalamin.
ASCORBIC-ACID AND CHOLESTEROL GALLSTONES; Decreased activity of cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase, the rate-limiting enzyme in the catabolism of cholesterol to bile acids, is known to result in increased biliary cholesterol concentration and supersaturation of bile. Supersaturation of bile by cholesterol is a necessary condition for cholesterol gallstone formation. In guinea pigs, the hepatic concentration of ascorbic acid affects the catabolism of cholesterol: hypovitaminosis C reduces cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase activity. Cholesterol gallstones are frequently found in ascorbic acid-deficient guinea pigs. Risk factors for cholesterol gallstones in humans include obesity, aging, estrogen treatment, pregnancy and diabetes. Plasma ascorbic acid levels are reduced in these groups. Vegetarian diets, which typically have high ascorbic acid contents, protect against gallstones. Since ascorbic acid effects the rate-limiting step in the catabolism of cholesterol in the guinea pig and many human risk groups for cholesterol gallstones are associated with reduced ascorbic acid levels, ascorbic acid may play a contributory role in human gallbladder disease.
Vitamin D deficiency in mothers, neonates and children; Vitamin D is produced in response to the exposure of skin to sunlight through UV-B synthesis. It can also be obtained from diet and dietary supplements. Vitamin D is essential for strong bones as it helps to absorb calcium from diet. Vitamin D deficiency mainly occurs if strict vegetarian diet is followed as mostly the source of vitamin D is animal based; therefore, exposure to sunlight is restricted or having dark skin color. Low vitamin D levels results in increased possibility of gestational diabetes among pregnant women, low birth weight and pre-eclampsia in infants, and mothers may suffer bone impairment, osteoporosis, hypocalcaemia, and hypertension. Vitamin D deficiency is directly linked with severe complication in mothers and neonates, causing rickets, poor fetal growth and infantile eczema in neonates. Higher prevalence rate of vitamin D deficiency has led professionals to emphasize on development of relevant precautionary measures. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Urinary Biomarkers of Meat Consumption; Background: Meat intake has been positively associated with incidence and mortality of chronic diseases, including diabetes, heart disease, and several different cancers, in observational studies by using self-report methods of dietary assessment; however, these dietary assessment methods are subject to measurement error. One method to circumvent such errors is the use of biomarkers of dietary intake, but currently there are no accepted biomarkers for meat intake. Methods: We investigated four analytes (creatinine, taurine, 1-methylhistidine, and 3-methylhistidine) specifically found in meat and excreted in urine. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected from 17 individuals on controlled diets containing varying levels of meat: vegetarian (0 g/d), low red meat (60 g/d), medium red meat (120 g/d), and high red meat (420 g/d), as part of two randomized crossover feeding studies. Results: When compared with the low red meat diet or the vegetarian diet, the urinary levels of all four analytes were significantly higher in urine samples collected after 15 days of a high red meat diet (P < 0.0001). Only urinary 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine were statistically significantly different for every diet type, increasing as the amount of meat in the diet increased (P < 0.01 for 1-methylhistidine and P < 0.05 for 3-methylhistidine). Furthermore, urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine elevated with increasing meat intake in every individual. Conclusion: Urinary 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine may be good biomarkers of meat intake. Impact: To determine the public health impact of red meat on cancer risk, biomarkers are crucial to estimate true intake; these potential biomarkers should be further investigated in free-living populations. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev; 20(6); 1107-11. (C)2011 AACR.
Soy Bioactive Components in Functional Perspective: A Review; Functional foods are the focus of attraction for well-being. The healthy living of Asians may be attributed to a diet enriched with soy isoflavones viz. genistein and daidzein which fills the gap of proteinaceous diet in vegetarians. Several factors, such as administration, dosage, metabolism, ingestion of other pharmacological substances, type of estrogen receptors, and presence or absence of endogenous estrogen, affect the activities and bioavailability of isoflavones. The mode of therapeutic action could be either through the stimulation of estrogen receptors or by the non-involvement of estrogen receptors. Soy, due to its isoflavones content, serves as a balanced and remedial substitute in combating various lifestyle disorders, like cancer prevention, by interruption of the breakdown of extracellular matrix that surrounds growing vessels and tumors, lowering of lipid and blood insulin levels by regulating lipid and glucose metabolism, alleviation of menopausal symptoms, and osteoprotective effects by modulating estrogen receptors, thus acting as a safer switch to hormone replacement therapy, anti-hypertensive effect which may also contribute to cardioprotective, anti-oxidative effect, regulation of cognitive functions, and many others. Therefore, it could be regarded as a valuable therapeutics. However, since soy isoflavones also act as endocrine disruptors, they also possess some negative effects. Concerns have been raised in relation to thyroid function abnormality. In view of the previously mentioned facts an attempt has been made to review the literature available on both beneficial as well as deleterious role of isoflavones, soy derived bioactive compounds.
Hepatic monitoring of essential amino acid availability may regulate IGF-I activity, thermogenesis, and fatty acid oxidation/synthesis; Diets that are low in certain essential amino acids (EAAs), whether owing to low protein content or poor protein quality, tend to down-regulate systemic IGF-I activity, boost thermogenesis, and suppress hepatic capacity for lipogenesis, while promoting hepatic fatty acid oxidation. It is proposed that for each EAA there is a regulatory protein in hepatocytes whose activity is repressed by adequate levels of its EAA; if one (or more) of these regulatory proteins is active, it serves as a signal of EAA deficiency which then mediates the aforementioned effects on IGF-I activity, thermogenesis, and hepatic fatty acid metabolism. Mechanisms which monitor EAA availability likewise play a role in appetite regulation, thus accounting for the fact that spontaneous calorie consumption tends to be lower on high-protein diets. Diets low in protein quantity or quality may decrease insulin secretion, an effect which should contribute to their impact on IGF-I activity and lipid metabolism. The fact that vegans ingest diets that tend to be relatively low in certain EAAs may play a key role in their characteristic leanness and their decreased risk for diabetes, coronary disease, and cancer. (C) 2001 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
From the Laboratory to the Kitchen: New Alternatives to Healthier Bakery Products; Due to the growing interest in improving the nutritional profile of bakery products, we have dealt with the most recent and relevant contributions regarding potential replacements for carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. Focusing on the influence of carbohydrates on metabolism, their excess implies obesity, diabetes and tooth decay. However, they are technologically important, since they are responsible for the structure of many bakery products. Regarding of the lipid profile, saturated fats have a great impact on the appearance of cardiovascular disease. Fortunately, nature and the food industry offer alternatives to traditional oils/butters with large amounts of omega 3 and other components that can mitigate these problems. Other relevant aspects are related to allergies concerning egg proteins, gluten or even requirements for vegan consumers. Several studies have been performed in this line, replacing eggs with milk serum, different mucilages obtained from legumes or some gums, etc. In conclusion, many papers have been published showing the possibility of successfully replacing (both at technological and sensory levels) less healthy ingredients with others that are nutritionally better. The challenge now is to combine these better components in a given product, as well as to evaluate possible interactions among them.
Prevalence of dyslipidemia and associated factors in the Yi farmers and migrants of southwestern China; There are scant data on serum lipid profile in the Yi people in China. The Yi farmers and migrants provide an unusual opportunity to estimate effects of environmental factors on serum lipid levels. We conducted a cross-sectional study in the Yi people to estimate prevalence of dyslipidemia and associated factors. It was found that prevalence of high total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), abnormal ratio of TC/HDL-C and low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) were 1.82%, 5.07%, 1.56%, 9.30% and 39.47%, respectively in the Yi farmers. And those in the Yi migrants were 4.81%, 22.21%, 3.24%, 26.56% and 40.53%. Prevalence of dyslipidemia increased with time period in the Yi farmers after their emigrating to urban areas for less than 25 years, except high TC. It was also found that prevalence of dyslipidemia of the Yi migrants increased with time period before their emigration, including hypertriglyceridemia, low HDL-C and high ratio of TC/HDL-C. Their body mass index (BMI), history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), gender, ever alcohol drinking and physical activity all were associated with dyslipidemia, but no factors associated with high LDL-C was found. In conclusion, all these results suggest that the Yi migrants have a higher prevalence of dyslipidemia than the Yi farmers do, which possibly can attribute to their urbanized lifestyles. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ramadan model of intermittent fasting for 28 d had no major effect on body composition, glucose metabolism, or cognitive functions in healthy lean men; Objectives: There has been a parallel increase in the incidence of obesity and diabetes as well as the number of daily meals. However, evidence is lacking regarding the role of intermittent fasting. The aim of this study was to determine the effects of a Ramadan model of intermittent fasting (RIF; 14 h of daytime abstinence from food and drinking) for 28 d on body composition, glucose metabolism, and cognitive function. Methods: Ten healthy, lean men were included in a nonrandomized, crossover, intervention study. Testing was performed before a control period of 28 d, as well as before and after 28 d of RIF. Whole-body dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, magnetic resonance imaging of the abdomen, fitness test, oral glucose tolerance test, and cognitive function tests were performed. As secondary outcome, the participants' physical activity and 72-h glycemic responses were monitored 6 d within each of the periods. Dietary intake, appetite, and mood questionnaires also were assessed. Results: Comparing A differences from testing days; body mass index changes from the control period (A Mean: 02 kg/m(2), 95% confidence interval [CI], 2 to 0.5) and the RIF period (A mean: 03 kg/m2, 95% CI,-0.6 to-0.1) were significantly different (P < 0.05). Secondary outcomes within the RIF period showed an increased area under curve (AUC) for hunger accompanied by a reduced AUC for satiety (both, P < 0.05), less mean steps per day (P < 0.05), and less positive feelings in the afternoon (P < 0.01) compared with the control period. No changes were observed in any of the other evaluated parameters. Conclusions: Free-living participants were able to comply with 14 h of daily daytime abstinence from food and drinking for 28 d with only a minor effect on body mass index and without any effects on body composition, glucose metabolism, and cognitive function. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc.
DIETARY FACTORS AND BLOOD-PRESSURE REGULATION; This article reviews the potential effects of dietary constituents and manipulations on blood pressure. Dietary approaches with documented efficacy are discussed, as are the effects of other nutritional factors, which, after study, demonstrate no proven change on blood pressure. The effects of dietary ions (micronutrients) and of individual dietary macronutrients also are reviewed. The article concludes by examining the evidence for effects of weight loss, alcohol restriction, and vegetarian diets and offers ideas for future research.
Animal and Plant Protein Sources and Cardiometabolic Health; The sources or types of protein in the diet have long been overlooked regarding their link to cardiometabolic health. The picture is complicated by the fact that animal and plant proteins are consumed along with other nutrients and substances which make up the "protein package" so plant and animal protein come with clear nutrient clusters. This review aimed at deciphering the relation between plant and animal protein and cardiometabolic health by examining different nutritional levels (such as amino acids, protein type, protein foods, protein patterns, and associated overall dietary and nutrient patterns) and varying levels of scientific evidence [basic science, randomized controlled trials (RCTs), observational data]. Plant protein in Western countries is a robust marker of nutrient adequacy of the diet, whereas the contribution of animal protein is highly heterogeneous. Yet recent data from large cohorts have confirmed that total and animal proteins are associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes, even when fully adjusting for lifestyle and dietary or nutritional factors. Here again, there is marked variability depending on the type of animal protein. Protein from processed red meat and total red meat on the one hand, and from legumes, nuts, and seeds on the other, are often reported at the extremes of the risk range. RCTs using purified proteins have contributed little to the topic to date, inasmuch as the findings cannot readily be extrapolated to current or near-future diets, but RCTs studying whole protein foods have shown a beneficial effect of pulses. Despite the fact that many of the benefits of plant protein reported in observational or interventional studies may stem from the protein package that they convey and the nutrients that they displace, there are also important indications that protein per se may affect cardiometabolic health via the many amino acids that are present in typically contrasting levels in plant compared with animal proteins.
Diet, blood pressure and hypertension; Prevention of hypertension, and control of blood pressure in patients with hypertension, are necessary for the reduction of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Lifestyle modifications are one of the most important tools for effective lowering of blood pressure. Most randomized controlled studies have shown that even a modest weight loss of 3-9 % is associated with a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure of roughly 3 mm Hg in overweight people. Limitation of sodium chloride in food has historically been considered the critical change for reducing blood pressure. Changes in sodium intake do affect blood pressure in older persons and in patients with hypertension and diabetes, whereas its role in population blood pressure has proven controversial. Recent meta-analyses indicate that adequate intake of minerals, e.g. potassium and probably calcium, rather than restriction of sodium, should be the focus of dietary recommendations. Although epidemiological data point to a direct relation between the intake of saturated fat, starch and alcohol, as well as an inverse relationship to the intake of omega-3 fatty acids and protein, our knowledge about macronutrients and blood pressure is scanty. It may well prove more productive to look at food instead of placing emphasis on single nutrients. Thus the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) demonstrates that a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy products, fibre and minerals (calcium, potassium and magnesium) produces a potent antihypertensive effect. Such a diet is not very restrictive and should not produce compliance problems. Further high-quality research on the influence of macronutrients and food will yield data for updated recommendations, enabling better prevention and control of the blood pressure problem.
Sudden neonatal death in carnitine transporter deficiency; A newborn infant died suddenly and unexpectedly on day 5 of life. Postmortem investigations led to a suspicion of carnitine transporter deficiency, a diagnosis supported by the finding that both parents are heterozygotes for this disorder. The fasting stress caused by poor breast-feeding with no formula supplements and, possibly, the vegetarian diet of the mother were likely the critical factors leading to neonatal death, an outcome previously not described in this disorder.
Child Health - What Role does Nutrition Play from a Medical Point of View?; Every 6th child in Germany is overweight and every 20th obese. Parents are the focus of prevention and treatment of childhood obesity and its sequelae. In addition to various socio-economic factors of the family environment, the weight of the parents is the most important predictor of children's obesity: not only do these parents often not recognize their own obesity as a problem, but neither that of their children. Together with early childhood diets based on the mere-exposure effect, according to which what has been offered becomes the favorite food, such families exacerbate disease-causing diets with food containing up to 3 times the recommended sugar consumption. These children become more susceptible to cardiovascular disease, diabetes, mental disorders and cancer. Every second obese child already suffers from metabolic syndrome. Childhood obesity should therefore be recognized as early as possible and treated in a family setting. The application of the 20:80 principle in nutrition coaching implicates optimization in only a few but relevant nourishing errors. Species-appropriate nutrition should serve as a basis: It is vegetarian-based, protein-optimized and fat-liberalized. It can include nutritional therapy principles such as anti-inflammatory therapy.
Prevalence and risk factors for hypertension at Princess Haya Bent Al-Hussein Hospital, Jordan; Objective: To assess the prevalence of hypertension (HTN) and its risk factors among adults in south area of Jordan. Methodology: A hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted on 950 participants aged 20 years or older from March 2010 to April 2011 at Princess Haya Bent Al-Hussein Military Hospital. HTN was defined as systolic blood pressure ? 140 and/or diastolic blood pressure ?90. Results: The mean age of the participants was 45.5 years and 76.1% of them were 37 years or older; 50.1% were females. The prevalence of HTN was 20.8%. The prevalence was 42.4% in men and 36.7% in women. Higher prevalence was found with history of cerbrovascular/cardiovascular events (26.6.5%), diabetes mellitus (25.9%), family history of hypertension (28.1%), smoking (35%), lack of physical exercise (26.3%), BMI>25 (27.1%), non-vegetarian diet (25.1%) and saturated fat intake (25.7%). Bottom of form Conclusion: The prevalence of hypertension appears to be high in this southern area of Jordan. Hence, intervention measures should be undertaken at the community level; particularly lifestyle modifications and awareness about the problem, so that early detection and intervention is possible.
Recent advances in utilization of flaxseed as potential source for value addition; Flax seed (Linum usitatissimum) is an important oilseed crop which has gained importance since last few decades due to its unique nutrient profile. Flax seed comprises high amount of fiber and is a significant source of alpha-linolenic acid in the diet of vegetarian people. It is evident from several studies conducted that flaxseed carries functional ingredients and provide health benefits. Omega-3 fatty acid, lignan and dietary fiber are major bioactive components of flaxseed which can be delivered through value added products. Flax seed has been successfully exploited in preparation of various value added products. Commercially, all parts of flaxseed plant are exploited directly or after processing. Flaxseed consumption in the diet prevents serious diseases like coronary diseases, cancer, diabetes, obesity, gastrointestinal, renal and bone disorders. To the best of our knowledge, very limited review reports are available for commercial utilization of flaxseed in preparation of various value added products (bakery, dairy, extruded, snack, fermented and other traditional) and effect of flaxseed fortification on nutritional, physicochemical, phytochemical and sensory properties of these products. In future, this data could be useful for different food processing industries.
Dietary patterns in India: a systematic review; Dietary patterns analysis is an emerging area of research. Identifying distinct patterns within a large dietary survey can give a more accurate representation of what people are eating. Furthermore, it allows researchers to analyse relationships between non-communicable diseases (NCD) and complete diets rather than individual food items or nutrients. However, few such studies have been conducted in developing countries including India, where the population has a high burden of diabetes and CVD. We undertook a systematic review of published and grey literature exploring dietary patterns and relationships with diet-related NCD in India. We identified eight studies, including eleven separate models of dietary patterns. Most dietary patterns were vegetarian with a predominance of fruit, vegetables and pulses, as well as cereals; dietary patterns based on high-fat, high-sugar foods and more meat were also identified. There was large variability between regions in dietary patterns, and there was some evidence of change in diets over time, although no evidence of different diets by sex or age was found. Consumers of high-fat dietary patterns were more likely to have greater BMI, and a dietary pattern high in sweets and snacks was associated with greater risk of diabetes compared with a traditional diet high in rice and pulses, but other relationships with NCD risk factors were less clear. This review shows that dietary pattern analyses can be highly valuable in assessing variability in national diets and diet-disease relationships. However, to date, most studies in India are limited by data and methodological shortcomings.
A Cross-sectional Study on Food Patterns and Adiposity among Individuals with Abnormal Glucose Homeostasis; Background: Dietary habits play an important role in the prevention of chronic disease; however, few studies have assessed the major dietary patterns in Middle Eastern countries. This study identifies major dietary patterns among Iranian people with abnormal glucose homeostasis. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted at the Diabetes Research Center, Isfahan, Iran among 425 subjects with abnormal glucose homeostasis. Patients were of ages 35 - 55 years and had family histories of diabetes. We assessed dietary intake by the use of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) that contained 39 food items. General obesity was defined as a BMI >= 30 kg/m(2) and central obesity was defined as waist circumference (WC) >= 88 in women and WC >= 102 in men. Results: Five major dietary patterns were revealed by factor analysis: 'western', 'healthy', 'vegetarian', 'high-fat dairy', and 'chicken and plants'. Those in the top tertile of the 'western pattern' had greater odds for general (OR = 1.73; 95% CI = 1.07 - 2.78) and central obesity (OR = 2, 95% CI = 1.24 - 3.22), however these associations were not significant after adjustment for confounding variables. The 'high-fat dairy pattern' was associated with greater odds of general obesity only after adjusting for confounding variables (OR = 1.73; 95% CI = 1.01 - 2.96). Conclusion: The dietary pattern characterized by high intake of hydrogenated fat and sugar was shown to be positively associated with a risk of general and central obesity, however further prospective studies are required to confirm our findings.
Diet and longevity: The effects of traditional eating habits on human lifespan extension; Since the dawn of time human beings have been trying to improve the quality of the existence and extend their lifespan. Genetic, environmental, behavioral and dietary factors influence the pathways that regulate aging and life expectancy, thus rendering longevity a very complex phenomenon. Although a long-lived elixir has not yet been found, physicians and scientists agree that nutrition has a major impact on the overall mortality and morbidity, hence becoming the subject of a widespread scientific research. This review describes, analyzes and compares the effects of different types of diets in reducing the onset of typical Western countries non-communicable diseases (NCDs) (cardiovascular diseases, tumors, chronic respiratory diseases, diabetes, etc.), thus increasing the average lifespan. It will first depict the most relevant characteristics, nutraceutical properties and effects on the populations of the Mediterranean, Japanese, Vegetarian and New Nordic Diet. Finally, it will describe the impact of different dietary restrictions in modulating the genetic pathways that regulate metabolism and aging. Overall, this work reinforces the evidence that specific eating habits, in addition to healthy and active lifestyles, are crucial to increase people's health span and to achieve an optimal longevity.
The Influence of Dietary Habits and Meat Consumption on Plasma 3-Methylhistidine-A Potential Marker for Muscle Protein Turnover; Scope: 3-Methylhistidine (3-MH) as a potential biomarker for muscle protein turnover is influenced by meat intake but data on the impact of meat on plasma 3-MH are scarce. We determined the association of plasma 3-MH, 1-methylhistidine (1-MH), and creatinine with dietary habits and assessed the impact of a single white meat intervention during a meat-free period. Methods and results: Plasma 3-MH, 1-MH, and creatinine concentrations of healthy young omnivores (n = 19) and vegetarians (n = 16) were analyzed together with data on anthropometry, body composition, grip strength, and nutrition. After baseline measurements omnivores adhered to a meat-free diet for 6 days and received a defined administration of chicken breast on day four. At baseline, omnivores had higher plasma 3-MH and 1-MH concentrations than vegetarians. White meat administration led to a slight increase in plasma 3-MH in omnivores. The elevated 3-MH concentrations significantly declined within 24 h after white meat intake. Conclusion: 1-MH concentrations in plasma seem to be suitable to display (white) meat consumption and its influence on 3-MH plasma concentration. 3-MH in plasma may be used as a biomarker for muscle protein turnover if subjects have not consumed meat in the previous 24 h.
Mycoprotein and health; mechanism of action whereby mycoprotein influences glycaemia and insulinaemia, and whether there is any dose-dependent effect.This paper reviews the published evidence for mycoprotein and the topics above, draws interim conclusions about the role of mycoprotein in human health and identifies areas for future research.Mycoprotein is a high protein, high fibre, low fat food ingredient derived from fermentation of the filamentous fungus Fusarium venenatum. Interest in the putative role of mycoprotein in lowering blood cholesterol concentrations, reducing energy intakes and controlling blood sugar levels has generated a small number of human studies investigating the effects of mycoprotein on cholesterol reduction, satiety and insulinaemia/glycaemia. In today's `obesogenic' environment, in which there is an abundance of foods high in fat and/or sugar available to consumers, there is growing interest in foods that are both nutritious and satiating, but that are of low-energy density, and are low in saturates, salt and sugar. Mycoprotein has a favourable fatty acid profile (being relatively low in saturates), a fibre content that is comparable with other vegetarian protein sources, and a naturally low sodium content. Mycoprotein is a good source of zinc and selenium but the levels of iron and vitamin B12 in mycoprotein are low in comparison to red meat. A small number of studies investigating the cholesterol-lowering effects of mycoprotein have been carried out among normo-and hypercholesterolaemic adults. The published studies to date have a number of limitations (including small sample sizes and short study durations), but overall the studies report statistically significant reductions in total cholesterol amongst hypercholesterolaemic subjects (in the order of 4-14%). These results look promising in terms of the ability of mycoprotein to contribute modest but meaningful effects on blood cholesterol concentrations, as part of a varied and balanced diet. However, the exact amount of mycoprotein that would need to be consumed in free-living populations to have meaningful effects on cholesterol is a candidate for further confirmatory research. A number of studies have investigated the effects of mycoprotein in comparison with other protein sources on satiety. Several studies suggest that the effects of mycoprotein on satiety are greater than an equivalent amount of chicken but it is unclear what mechanism underlies this. The studies conducted so far are relatively small, and carried out under controlled conditions, so it is difficult to extrapolate the results to larger free-living populations. The promotion of mycoprotein could potentially be useful, alongside other strategies, in the management of obesity and type 2 diabetes, as it appears to show beneficial effects on glycaemia and insulinaemia in the small number of studies where this has been investigated. More research is needed to better understand the mechanism of action whereby mycoprotein influences glycaemia and insulinaemia, and whether there is any dose-dependent effect. This paper reviews the published evidence for mycoprotein and the topics above, draws interim conclusions about the role of mycoprotein in human health and identifies areas for future research.
The origins of Western obesity: a role for animal protein?; A reduced propensity to oxidize fat, as indicated by a relatively high fasting respiratory quotient, is a major risk factor for weight gain. Increased insulin secretion works in various ways to impede fat oxidation and promote fat storage. The substantial 'spontaneous' weight loss often seen with very-low-fat dietary regimens may reflect not only a reduced rate of fat ingestion, but also an improved insulin sensitivity of skeletal muscle that down-regulates insulin secretion. Reduction of diurnal insulin secretion may also play a role in the fat loss often achieved with exercise training, low-glycemic-index diets, supplementation with soluble fiber or chromium, low-carbohydrate regimens, and biguanide therapy. The exceptional leanness of vegan cultures may reflect an additional factor - the absence of animal protein. Although dietary protein by itself provokes relatively little insulin release, it can markedly potentiate the insulin response to cc-ingested carbohydrate; Western meals typically unite starchy foods with an animal protein-based main course. Thus, postprandial insulin secretion may be reduced by either avoiding animal protein, or segregating it in low-carbohydrate meals; the latter practice is a feature of fad diets stressing 'food combining'. Vegan diets tend to be relatively low in protein, legume protein may be slowly absorbed, and, as compared to animal protein, isolated soy protein provokes a greater release of glucagon, an enhancer of fat oxidation. The low insulin response to rice may mirror its low protein content. Minimizing diumal insulin secretion in the context of a low fat intake may represent an effective strategy for achieving and maintaining leanness. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
POLYUNSATURATED FATTY-ACIDS AUGMENT INSULIN-SECRETION; Carbohydrate intolerance is positively correlated with animal fat consumption and is more common in beef eating populations. In contrast, individuals consuming diets comprised of polyunsaturated fats have a lower incidence of diabetes mellitus. To test the hypothesis that dietary fats may influence carbohydrate metabolism, serum glucose, insulin, and gastric inhibitory polypeptide (GIP) responses to three mixed test meals of varying fatty acid composition were assessed in 12 normal subjects.  Fatty acids in the meal were either saturated fats of polyunsturated fats derived from vegetables or fish. Each test meal provided 40% of a subject''s calculated daily caloric requirement and contained approximately 45% carbohydrate, 40% fat, and 15% protein. Serum insulin responses were 62% higher (p<0.01) after the fish and 39% higher (p<0.01) after the vegetable meals compared to the saturated fat meal. No significant differences in insulin responses were observed between the vegetable and  fish meals. Serum glucose concentration was slightly higher (p<0.02) during the fish meal than with the vegetable or saturated fat meals. The GIP levels were comparable following the fish and vegetable meals and were 25% lower than those observed with the saturated fat meal. These findings suggest that diets enriched with polyunsaturated fatty acids augment insulin secretion significantly more than a diet comprised primarily of saturated fatty acids. The mechanism for this increased insulin secretion is unknown but did not appear to be mediated through differences in serum glucose values or through the insulinotrophic effects of GIP. The ability of polyunsaturated fatty acids to enhance insulin secretion may in part explain why the incidence of diabetes mellitus is lower in vegetarian and Eskimo populations.
Prevalence and factors related to rheumatic musculoskeletal disorders in rural south India: WHO-ILAR-COPCORD-BJD India Calicut study; Aims: To assess the prevalence and factors related to rheumatic musculoskeletal disorders (RMSD) in a rural population of south India. Methods: The cross-sectional study included all individuals, 15 years and above, in a rural unit of Calicut District in North Kerala. Data were collected using the validated World Health Organization - International League of Associations for Rheumatology -Community Oriented Program for the Control of Rheumatic Diseases Bhigwan model questionnaire by trained volunteers. In Phase 1 details of demographic characteristics, major co-morbidities and perceived musculoskeletal aches and pains were elicited. Phases 2 and 3 further evaluated and diagnosed the subjects. Predictors for RMSD were assessed using binary logistic regression analysis. Results: There were 4999 individuals in the study. The prevalence of RMSD was 24.9% (95% CI 23.73; 26.12%). Females constituted 50.7% of the population; 5.1% of the respondents were illiterate; 80.9% belonged to low-income groups. Diabetes mellitus and hypertension affected 4.1% and 5.4% of the subjects respectively. The predictors for RMSD in the population were female sex, age, illiteracy, married status, low-income group, vegetarian diet, current alcohol consumption, current tobacco use, history of injury or accidents, diabetes and hypertension. Symptom-related ill-defined rheumatism (10.39%) followed by osteoarthritis (3.85%) were the most prevalent in the Phase 3 rheumatological evaluation. Conclusion: There is an urgent need to introduce lifestyle modifications in high-risk groups and start rehabilitation for those affected. Community rheumatology in primary health care settings in rural areas needs to be strengthened by introducing national programs addressing RMSD at the grassroots level.
Roles for endothelial zinc homeostasis in vascular physiology and coronary artery disease; The discovery of the roles of nitric oxide (NO) in cardiovascular signaling has led to a revolution in the understanding of cardiovascular disease. A new perspective to this story involving zinc (Zn) is emerging. Zn and its associated Zn transporter proteins are important for the integrity and functions of both the large conduit vessels and the microvascular resistance vessels. The Zn and NO pathways are tightly coordinated. Zn ions are required for the dimerization of endothelial nitric oxide synthase and subsequent generation of NO while generation of NO leads to a rapid mobilization of endothelial Zn stores. Labile Zn may mediate important downstream actions of NO including vascular cytoprotection and vasodilation. Several vascular disease risk factors (including aging, smoking and diabetes) interfere with Zn homeostatic mechanisms and both hypozincaemia and Zn transporter protein abnormalities are linked to atherosclerosis and microvascular disease. Some vegetarian diets and long-term use of certain anti-hypertensives may also impact on Zn status. The available evidence supports the existence of a Zn regulatory pathway in the vascular wall that is coupled to the generation and actions of NO and which is compromised in Zn deficiency with consequent implications for the pathogenesis and therapy of vascular disease.
The questionable role of saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids in cardiovascular disease; A fat diet, rich in saturated fatty acids (SFA) and low in polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), is said to be an important cause of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The evidence for this hypothesis was sought by reviewing studies of the direct link between dietary fats and atherosclerotic vascular disease in human beings. The review included ecological, dynamic population, cross sectional, cohort, and case-control studies, as well as controlled, randomized trials of the effect of fat reduction alone. The positive ecological correlations between national intakes of total fat (TF) and SFA and cardiovascular mortality found in earlier studies were absent or negative in the larger, more resent studies. Secular trends of national fat consumption and mortality from coronary heart disease (CHD) in 18-35 countries (four studies) during different time periods diverged from each other as often as they coincided. In cross-sectional studies of CHD and atherosclerosis, one group of studies (Bantu people vs. Caucasians) were supportive; six groups of studies (West Indians vs. Americans, Japanese, and Japanese migrants vs. Americans, Yemenite Jews vs. Yemenite migrants; Seminole and Pima Indians vs. Americans, Seven Countries) gave partly supportive, partly contradictive results; in seven groups of studies (Navajo Indians vs. Americans; pure vegetarians vs. lacto-ovo-vegetarians and non-vegetarians, Masai people vs. Americans, Asiatic Indians vs. non-Indians, north vs. south Indians, Indian migrants vs. British residents, Geographic Study of Atherosclerosis) the findings were contradictory. Among 21 cohort studies of CHD including 28 cohorts, CHD patients had eaten significantly more SFA in three cohorts and significantly less in one cohort than had CHD-free individuals; in 22 cohorts no significant difference was noted. In three cohorts, CHD patients had eaten significantly more PUFA, in 24 cohorts no significant difference was noted. In three of four cohort studies of atherosclerosis, the vascular changes were unassociated with SFA or PUFA; in one study they were inversely related to TF. No significant differences in fat intake were noted in six case-control studies of CVD patients and CVD-free controls; and neither total or CHD mortality were lowered in a metaanalysis of nine controlled, randomized dietary trials with substantial reductions of dietary fats, in six trials combined with addition of PUFA. The harmful effect of dietary SFA and the protective effect of dietary PUFA on atherosclerosis and CVD are questioned. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science Inc.
DIETARY HABITS AND PAST MEDICAL HISTORY AS RELATED TO FATAL PANCREAS CANCER RISK AMONG ADVENTISTS; Epidemiologic studies of diet and pancreas cancer are few, and include ecologic comparisons and a limited number of prospective and case-control studies. Foods and/or nutrients that have been suggested to be associated with increased risk of this cancer include total fat intake, eggs, animal protein, sugar, meat, coffee and butter. Consumption of raw fruits and vegetables has been consistently associated with decreased risk. Dietary habits and medical history variables were evaluated in a prospective study of fatal pancreas cancer among 34,000 California Seventh-day Adventists between 1976 and 1983. Forty deaths from pancreas cancer occurred during the follow-up period. Compared to all US whites, Adventists experienced decreased risk from pancreas cancer death (standardized mortality ratio [SMR] = 72 for men; 90 for women), which was not statistically significant. Although there was a suggestive relationship between increasing meat, egg, and coffee consumption and increased pancreatic cancer risk, these variables were not significantly related to risk after controlling for cigarette smoking. However, increasing consumption of vegetarian protein products, beans, lentils, and peas as well as dried fruit was associated with highly significant protective relationships to pancreas cancer risk. A prior history of diabetes was associated with increased risk of subsequent fatal pancreas cancer, as was a history of surgery for peptic or duodenal ulcer. A history of tonsillectomy was associated with a slight, nonsignificant protective relationship as was history of various allergic reactions. These findings suggest that the protective relationships associated with frequent consumption of vegetables and fruits high in protease-inhibitor content are more important than any increase in pancreas cancer risk attendent on frequent consumption of meat or other animal products. Furthermore, the previously reported positive associations between diabetes and  abdominal surgery and pancreas cancer risk are supported in these data.
Relationship between major dietary patterns and metabolic syndrome among individuals with impaired glucose tolerance; Objective: Dietary habits have been associated with the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and limited data are available in this field for individuals with impaired glucose tolerance. This study focused on the association between major dietary patterns and prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in individuals with impaired glucose tolerance. Methods: This cross-sectional study was done in 425 subjects 35 to 55 y of age. Dietary data were collected using a food-frequency questionnaire. Blood pressure, waist circumference, glucose, triacylglycerols, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were measured and metabolic syndrome was defined based on Adult Treatment Panel Ill guidelines. Results: Five major dietary patterns were found: a western pattern (high in sweets, butter, soda, mayonnaise, sugar, cookies, tail of a lamb, hydrogenated fat, and eggs), a prudent pattern (high in fish, peas, honey, nuts, juice, dry fruits, vegetable oil, liver and organic meat, and coconuts and low in hydrogenated fat and non-leafy vegetables), a vegetarian pattern (high in potatoes, legumes, fruits rich in vitamin C, rice, green leafy vegetables, and fruits rich in vitamin A), a high-fat dairy pattern (high in high-fat yogurt and high-fat milk and low in low-fat yogurt, peas, and bread), and a chicken and plant pattern (high in chicken, fruits rich in vitamin A, green leafy vegetables, and mayonnaise and low in beef, liver, and organic meat). After adjusting for confounding variables, the western pattern was associated with greater odds of having increased triacylglycerol (odds ratio 1.76, 95% confidence interval 1.01-3.07) and blood pressure (odds ratio 2.62, 95% confidence interval 1.32-5.23). The prudent pattern was positively associated with a prevalence of low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (odds ratio 0.55, 95% confidence interval 0.31-0.96). The vegetarian dietary pattern was inversely associated with a risk of an abnormal fasting blood glucose level (odds ratio 2.26, 95% confidence interval 1.25-4.06). Conclusion: Major dietary patterns were significantly associated with the risk of metabolic syndrome. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Malignant coronary artery disease and the Asian Indians paradox; Coronary artery disease (CAD) rates among Asian Indians worldwide are 30% to 300% higher than people of other ethnic origin, despite the fact that nearly half of them are life-long vegetarians. From 1970 to 2000, the CAD rates halved in the U.S, whereas the rates more than doubled in India and it is projected to double again by 2015. Ten percent of adults in urban India and 5% of adults in rural India have CAD, which is generally premature, severe, and often follows a malignant course. Asian Indians develop their first myocardial infarction about 10 years earlier than other populations. Although the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and diabetes is high, this does not explain the malignant CAD. The high rates of CAD in Asian Indians are accompanied by a lower prevalence of conventional risk factors, known as the Asian Indians Paradox. The prevalence of smoking, obesity, hypertension, and high cholesterol levels among overseas Indians is similar to or lower than that in whites. These risk factors however are high and are increasing in India. Asian Indians also have a high prevalence of emerging risk factors such as high lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)], abdominal obesity, high levels of CRP, homocysteine, fibrinogen, and with low levels of large HDL. A more aggressive approach to prevention and treatment of both conventional and emerging risk factors is warranted.
Fingernails as biological indices of metal exposure; Metal determination in human tissues is the most common application of biological monitoring for screening, diagnosis and assessment of metal exposures and their risks. Various biopsy-materials may be used. This paper deals with the quantitative determination of Cd, Pb, Cr, Mn, Fe, Ni, Cu, and Zn concentrations in nails of male subjects exposed to these metals alongwith their respective controls, while working in locomotive, carriage and roadways workshops, and lead battery factories. The levels of Cd, Pb, Cr, Mn, Fe, Ni, Cu and Zn in fingernails, assayed by atomic absorption spectrophotometry, were compared with their respective controls by student 't' test. All the obtained values were correlated to the personal and medical history of the subjects under study. Significantly high levels of Cd, Pb, Cr, Fe, Ni, Cu and Zn were present in smokers, compared to nonsmokers. The concentrations of Cd, Pb, Cr, Mn and Fe were not significantly high in vegetarian subjects. It was also observed that there is no contribution of liquor towards nail-metal concentration. Significant correlations were observed between skin disease and Cr, Mn, Fe, Cu; hypertension and Cd, Mn, Cu; mental stress and Cd, Pb, Mn, Ni, Cu, Zn; diabetes and Cr, Mn, Ni; chest pain and Pb; respiratory trouble and Cr, Mn, Fe, Ni, Zn; tuberculosis and Zn; acidity and Cd; and ophthalmic problems and Mn, Fe, Ni, and Zn.
Clinical Study of Lipid Profile Pattern in Acute Coronary Syndromes; Introduction: Acute coronary syndrome is one of the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in the world today. There has been constant effort on the part of medical researchers to analyze this problem and search for factors that may aid in its prevention. Materials and Methods: The present study was undertaken in the Department of Cardiology/General Medicine in the MGM Hospital, Warangal. A total of 50 cases were studied, which were admitted consecutively (not picked up at random) during the month of June 2013-April 2015. The patients were in the age group of 25-70 years and had the complaints of chest pain/chest discomfort, breathlessness, vomiting, sweating, and near syncope/syncope variably. Results: This study shows that in patients with acute coronary artery syndromes, a maximum number of patients (90%) presented with chest pain as a symptom. Majority were in the age group of 51-60 years (40%) followed by 61-70 years (36%) age group. Majority of them (42%) had anterior wall (ST elevation myocardial infarction) transmural infarct. Majority of them were in lower socioeconomic status group. Vegetarian diet rich in carbohydrates is the staple diet. It might be one of the factors for increased triglyceride levels in this group of patients. Conclusion: Sedentary lifestyle, low socioeconomic status, smoking, diabetes, and hypertension are risk factors for acute coronary syndromes.
Comparative study of different extraction processes for hemp (Cannabis sativa) seed oil considering physical, chemical and industrial-scale economic aspects; Hemp (Cannabis sativa) seed oil is a rare source of nourishment for vegetarian diets due to the unique ratio of omega-6/omega-3 fatty acid as 3:1. It is beneficial for cardiovascular health, skin, hormonal balance, diabetes, etc. These oil benefits encourage the chemical industries for its intensive extraction to accomplish the quantity and quality of the product. Despite being various processes i.e. supercritical fluid extraction, Soxhlet, percolation, ultrasonication, pyrolysis, pretreatment processes etc., none of above is the best in all aspects. Therefore, the present study investigates different extraction processes for hemp oil and compared its industrial-scale economic assessment, extraction yield, oil compositions and physicochemical properties. Central composite design was employed to optimize the parameters of supercritical fluid extraction and ultrasonication processes. Quadratic models (P < 0.05) for both processes were developed with satisfactory R-2 (>0.93). The maximum yield of 37.30% was estimated through ultrasonication treated Soxhlet process. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry demonstrated Soxhlet as the best-suited process while offering the optimum omega-6/omega-3 ratio. Further, gas chromatography-mass spectrometry of hemp bio-oil obtained through pyrolysis identified the volatile and flammable materials to assure its suitability as bio-fuel. Economic analyses for different processes revealed supercritical fluid extraction as the most beneficial followed by Soxhlet, ultrasonication, ultrasonication treated Soxhlet and Soxhlet treated ultrasonication. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal Lipids Are as Important as Glucose for Fetal Growth: Findings from the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study; OBJECTIVE To study the relationship between maternal circulating fuels and neonatal size and compare the relative effects of glucose and lipids.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS The Pune Maternal Nutrition Study (1993-1996) investigated the influence of maternal nutrition on fetal growth. We measured maternal body size and glucose and lipid concentrations during pregnancy and examined their relationship with birth size in full-term babies using correlation and regression techniques.RESULTS The mothers (n = 631) were young (mean age 21 years), short (mean height 151.9 cm), and thin (BMI 18.0 kg/m(2)) but were relatively more adipose (body fat 21.1%). Their diet was mostly vegetarian. Between 18 and 28 weeks' gestation, fasting glucose concentrations remained stable, whereas total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations increased and HDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased. The mean birth weight of the offspring was 2666 g. Total cholesterol and triglycerides at both 18 and 28 weeks and plasma glucose only at 28 weeks were associated directly with birth size. One SD higher maternal fasting glucose, cholesterol, and triglyceride concentrations at 28 weeks were associated with 37, 54, and 36 g higher birth weights, respectively (P < 0.05 for all). HDL-cholesterol concentrations were unrelated to newborn measurements. The results were similar if preterm deliveries also were included in the analysis (total n = 700).CONCLUSIONS Our results suggest an influence of maternal lipids on neonatal size in addition to the well-established effect of glucose. Further research should be directed at defining the clinical relevance of these findings.
The Mediterranean and other Dietary Patterns in Secondary Cardiovascular Disease Prevention: A Review; Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death and disability worldwide, with increased hospital discharge rates, causing a serious public health issue and an economic burden. Recent demographic transitions, including ageing of the population, low fertility, urbanization and shift towards unhealthy behaviours have resulted in an increase in the prevalence of cardiometabolic disorders (i.e. hypertension, obesity, diabetes). According to the reports of international organisations, a substantial number of heart attacks could have been prevented through lifestyle modifications (i.e. diet, physical activity, smoking cessation). Regarding secondary prevention, it is well documented that effective cardiovascular rehabilitation requires a multidisciplinary approach, including medical treatment, as well as lifestyle changes. Diet has been recognised as one of the most important modifiable and preventable factors, being undoubtedly beneficial in primary prevention, as well as among cardiac patients. However, studies among CVD patients are scarce, and with inconclusive results. The most studied dietary pattern is the Mediterranean-type diet, with several observational studies and clinical trials demonstrating its protective role against recurrent cardiac events, whereas evidence regarding other well-known models, including Western-type, Vegetarian, Asian-type and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, are more limited. The aim of this review was to present an overview of the most prevalent dietary patterns and their role in the secondary CVD prevention and management.
Nutrition, adequacy of dialysis, and clinical outcome in Indo-Asian and White European patients on peritoneal dialysis; Background: There is a high incidence of end-stage renal disease in Asians originating from the Indian subcontinent living in the UK. Research to date has focused on the cause of renal disease in Indo-Asians, and their outcome on peritoneal dialysis (PD) is less well studied. Aim: To determine whether nutrition, adequacy of dialysis, and outcome of Indo-Asian patients on PD were similar to those of White European patients. Design: Prospective longitudinal observational study over 2 years. Methods: We enrolled 35 Indo-Asians and 35 White Europeans on peritoneal dialysis, closely matched for age, gender, diabetes and duration of renal replacement therapy. At enrolment (>3 months on PD), demographic data was recorded. From enrolment, and at 6-month intervals, dialysis adequacy, nutritional status, hospitalizations, PD infections, and treatment modality changes were recorded. Results: Dietary protein intake, which was significantly worse in Indo-Asians (particularly vegetarians), declined in all patients over time, along with other measures of nutritional status. Adequacy of dialysis, peritoneal characteristics, and PD infections were similar in Indo-Asian and White patients. Technique failure, and death rate were similar in both groups, but the transplant rate was lower in Indo-Asians. Discussion: Interventions are needed to improve nutritional status in these patients, particularly the Indo-Asian patients. The long-term impact of worse social deprivation and lower transplant rates in Indo-Asians needs to be investigated further.
Surveillance of Noncommunicable Diseases by Community Health Workers in Kerala The Epidemiology of Noncommunicable Diseases in Rural Areas (ENDIRA) Study; Background: India carries the greatest burden of noncommunicable disease (NCD) globally. However, there are few contemporary, community-based studies of prevalence in India. Given the physician shortages in rural areas, large-scale, region-specific studies of NCD using community health workers (CHW) may offer a feasible means of NCD surveillance. Objectives: This study sought to conduct a large-scale, population-based, CHW-led study of NCDs in Kerala, India. Methods: In rural Kerala, India, a population of 113,462 individuals was defined geographically by 5 panchayats (village councils). The ENDIRA (Epidemiology of Noncommunicable Diseases in Rural Areas) study was conducted via accredited social health activists (ASHA), who are CHW employed by Kerala state government. After training of ASHA, standardized questionnaires were used during 2012 in household interviews of individuals >= 18 years of age to gather sociodemographic, lifestyle, and medical data. Results: ASHA recruited 84,456 adults who were included in the analyses (25.4% were below the poverty line). The prevalence of NCD was comparable to contemporary studies in India: myocardial infarction (MI) 1.4%; stroke 0.3%; respiratory diseases 5.0%; and cancer 1.1%. The dietary habits were as follows: 84.1% of the population was vegetarian; 15.9% ate meat/fish >= 1 day per week; 4.2% had >= 1 alcoholic drink per week; and 8.1% smoked regularly. Compared with men, women were older, had lower body mass index, more likely to be hypertensive, less likely to smoke or drink alcohol, and have diabetes or dyslipidemia (p < 0.0001). NCD were more common in men than women: MI (1.9% vs. 0.9%); stroke (0.5% vs. 0.3%); cancer (1.2% vs. 0.9%); and respiratory diseases (5.9% vs. 4.0%) (p < 0.0001). Age >= 65 years, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, smoking, and male sex were strongly associated with MI and stroke. There were high levels of agreement between ASHA and physicians for diagnoses of MI, stroke, hypertension, and diabetes. Conclusions: CHW effectively conducted a large-scale prevalence study of NCD in Kerala, including prevalence of risk factors. In rural Kerala, traditional risk factors were strongly associated with MI and stroke.
Nuts and health outcomes: new epidemiologic evidence; This article reviews recent epidemiologic evidence on nut intake and health outcomes. It focuses on studies in which nut consumption is directly assessed or when nuts are included in a dietary score or pattern. Epidemiologic studies have been remarkably consistent in showing an association between nut consumption and a reduced risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Some evidence has emerged recently to suggest health-protective benefits of nuts other than CHD. Frequent nut intake probably reduces risk of diabetes mellitus among women, but its effects on men are unknown. Evidence on the anticarcinogenic effects of nuts is somewhat limited because studies in the past 2 decades have examined only 3 tumor sites, and the benefits appear to be manifested only in women. However, the protective benefits of frequent nut consumption on gallstone diseases are observed in both sexes. Long-term nut consumption is linked with lower body weight and lower risk of obesity and weight gain. A dietary pattern or score that includes nuts is consistently related with beneficial health outcomes, and this provides an indirect evidence of the salutary benefits of nut consumption. More longitudinal studies are needed to clarify the possible effects of nuts on diseases other than CHD. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1643S-8S.
Observational assessment and correlates to blood pressure of future physicians of Bengal; Intoduction: Hypertension is a modern day epidemic and growing public health problem. A sizable proportion of world populations suffer from prehypertension or hypertension. Objectives: The present study was carried out to detect the prevalence of undiagnosed hypertension among undergraduate medical students and to identify the associated risk factors. Materials and Methods: The study was observational in nature and was done in medical colleges of Bengal. Study tool was a predesigned, pretested, validated, and semi-structured questionnaire containing both open-ended and close-ended questions. Data were collected through self-administration, clinical, and anthropometric examination. The data were then tabulated, analyzed and interpretation was done by using percentage and Chi-square test. Results: Most of the students (63%) were young adults, predominantly males (67%) and day scholars (71%). Almost one-third of them either suffered from hypertension or at risk of hypertension. Hypertension was found higher among male students. Family history of hypertension or diabetes mellitus was not associated with hypertension. Vegetarian or nonvegetarian diet or extra-salt consumption was also not associated with hypertension. Smoking was shown positively associated with hypertension but alcohol consumption was not. Higher per capita monthly income and overweight or obesity were shown positively associated with hypertension. Conclusion: The overall prevalence of hypertension in this study was 13% and there were positive association of hypertension with multiple socio-demographic factors like age, sex, type of family, per capita monthly income, residence, BMI, smoking, etc.
POLYUNSATURATED FATS ENHANCE PERIPHERAL GLUCOSE-UTILIZATION IN RATS; Carbohydrate intolerance is positively correlated with saturated fat consumption. In contrast, individuals consuming diets comprised of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) have a lower incidence of diabetes mellitus (DM). To test the hypothesis that dietary fats may influence insulin sensitivity, insulin-stimulated glucose utilization was estimated in vivo in rats consuming diets enriched with saturated fatty acid (SFA) (cocoa butter), monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) (olive oil), or PUFA derived from com or fish sources.  Each test meal provided (as percentage of calories) 45% carbohydrate, 39% fat, and 16% protein. The meals were consumed over an 8-week period. Metabolic clearance rate (MCR) for glucose was significantly higher (p < 0.01; 5.69 +/- 0.46 and 5.18 +/- 0.29 ml/kg/min) for diets containing fish and com oil sources, respectively, when compared to olive oil (4.34 +/- 0.32 ml/kg/min) and cocoa butter (4.61 +/- 0.11 ml/kg/min). Although the MCR between the fish and com oil diets were not significantly different, the steady state plasma insulin concentration was lower during the fish oil meal (75 +/- 20-mu-U/ml) when compared to the corn meal (112 +/- 13-mu-U/ml). Fasting plasma insulin concentrations were significantly lower (p < 0.01) following the PUFA diets compared to the other two diets. Fasting plasma glucose levels, despite being lower in the fish meal, were insignificantly different among the four test meals. Lastly, body weights were comparable among the four groups tested. These results suggest that diets enriched with PUFA enhance peripheral glucose utilization significantly more than diets comprised of MUFA or SFA sources. Furthermore, diets enriched with fish oil achieve the same MCR as the corn-enriched diets despite lower steady state plasma insulin concentrations. Whether these findings can explain the lower incidence of DM in vegetarian and Eskimo populations remains unclear. This study also suggests that MUFA do not have a favorable carbohydrate profile.
Re-challenging FODMAPs: the low FODMAP diet phase two; The low fermentable, oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides, and polyols (FODMAP) diet has good evidence for use in the treatment of patients with irritable bowel syndrome. Importantly, patients are encouraged not to remain on a strict low FODMAP diet long-term, and many patients maintain symptom improvement with a relaxed, moderate FODMAP restriction. The re-challenge phase is crucial to assist patients in identifying specific dietary triggers, reduce the level of dietary restriction required, and increase prebiotic intake. Limited evidence is available to guide best practice, but, in practice, beneficial outcomes can be seen through strategic food reintroductions. Here, we set out some practical recommendations based on clinical experience. Dietitians should tailor the challenge process to the individual patient and their needs. Food challenges should aim to improve dietary variety and nutritional adequacy while considering specific food preferences and usual dietary habits. Identifying FODMAP subgroups that are well tolerated is helpful, allowing the reintroduction of some moderate to high FODMAP foods back into the diet without symptom induction. FODMAP subtypes that are less well tolerated may also be reintroduced, but dosage and frequency of consumption need to be individualized. Additional challenges that face dietitians include consideration of patients with multiple dietary restrictions such as in vegetarians or patients with diabetes who are simultaneously following a low FODMAP diet. Ensuring nutritional adequacy is essential. The outcome of the re-challenge process aims to find a balance between good symptom control and expansion of the diet.
Dietary factors related to the increase of cardiovascular risk factors in traditional Tepehuanos communities from Mexico. A 10 year follow-up study; Background and aims: Tepehuanos Indians, a traditional Mexican ethnic group, followed a vegetarian diet exhibiting a tow prevalence of obesity and the absence of diabetes. However, from the year 2000 the traditional diet of the Tepehuanos was modified by the introduction of western food. In this study we examine the changes in their customary diet and its impact on the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in this group. Methods and results: Individuals from 12 Tepehuanos communities were randomly enrolled during 1995-1996 and 2006-2007. Using a 64-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire macronutrient intakes were calculated from values of Mexican food-composition tables. Cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia were determined. The median (25, 75 percentile) of total caloric intake (1476 [1083, 1842]-2100 [1366, 2680] kcal/day, p < 0.001) as well as the percentage of energy consumed from saturated fat (3.0 [2.7,4.1]-7.2 [3.9,7.4], p < 0.0001) and protein (8.2 [7.8,8.9]-16.8 [16.3,17.1], p < 0.0001) increased, whereas the percentage of total calorie intake from carbohydrates (66.4 [61.3,69.5]-61.3 [61,68.8], p < 0.0001), polyunsaturated fat (11.2 [10.3,12.1]-4.0 [3.9,4.3], p < 0.0001), and the polyunsaturated: saturated fat ratio (3.84-0.53%, p < 0.0001) decreased during the period of study. The prevalence of obesity (11.1-21.9%, p = 0.04), impaired fasting glucose (5.9-14.9%, p = 0.04), diabetes (0.0-0.88%, p = 0.48), hypertension (1.7-3.4%, p = 0.43), triglycerides (2.6-16.7%, p = 0.0006), and tow HDL-cholesterol (10.2-71.1%, p < 0.0001) increased. Conclusions: Changes in the customary diet introduced in the Tepehuanos communities are related to the increase of cardiovascular risk factors. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D intake: A global perspective of current status; Global high prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency and re-emergence of rickets and the growing scientific evidence linking low circulating 25-hydroxyvitmain D to increased risk of osteoporosis, diabetes, cancer, and autoimmune disorders have stimulated recommendations to increase sunlight (UVB) exposure as a source of vitamin D. However, concern over increased risk of melanoma with unprotected UVB exposure has led to the alternative recommendation that sufficient vitamin D should be supplied through dietary sources alone. Here, we examine the adequacy of vitamin D intake worldwide and evaluate the ability of current fortification policies and supplement use practices among various countries to meet this recommendation. It is evident from our review that vitamin D intake is often too low to sustain healthy circulating levels of 25-hydroxyvitmain D in countries without mandatory staple food fortification, such as with milk and margarine. Even in countries that do fortify, vitamin D intakes are low in some groups due to their unique dietary patterns, such as low milk consumption, vegetarian diet, limited use of dietary supplements, or loss of traditional high fish intakes. Our global review indicates that dietary supplement use may contribute 6-47% of the average vitamin D intake in some countries. Recent studies demonstrate safety and efficacy of community-based vitamin D supplementation trials and food staple fortification introduced in countries without fortification policies. Reliance on the world food supply as an alternative to UVB exposure will necessitate greater availability of fortified food staples, dietary supplement use, and/or change in dietary patterns to consume more fish.
The relationship between basal metabolic rate, lean body mass and femurs bone mineral density of national level basketball players of India; Aim: The aim of the study was to establish the relationship between basal metabolic rate (BMR) lean body mass (LBM) and bone mineral density (BMD) of four positions of femurs and total femur in in Indian national level basketball players. Method: Thirty Indian national level basketball players (mean +/- SD, age: 21 +/- 1.71years, height: 182.33 +/- 9.2 cm, weight: 75 +/- 8.12 kg, BMI: 22.2 +/- 3.12) participated in this study. All the participants in this study were Non-vegetarian. They all also were free of any illnesses such as diabetes, hyperthyroidism, hyperparathyroidism, cardiovascular disease and were not taking any medicine. The participants neither did report for using any antiseizure drugs, alcohol and Cortone consumption, nor smoking cigarette. The activity levels and dietary habits of all subjects were noted. BMD of the femurs was measured by Dual Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry (DEXA). We used Pearson correlation for measuring the correlation between BMD-BMR, BMR-LBM and BMD-LBM in national level basketball players. Significant level of test was at 0.05. Results: BMR correlated significantly with BMD of the total femur, neck, troch, and shaft. These correlations were stronger in femur troch position. Also there was significance correlation between BMR-BMD, BMR - lean body mass (LBM), LBM-BMD of these players. But it should be noted that the relationship between BMD-LBM is more than the relationship of BMD-BMR. Conclusions: BMR is closely associated with BMD in Indian national level basketball players. Also BMD have correlation with LBM in this group.
A Green-Mediterranean Diet, Supplemented with Mankai Duckweed, Preserves Iron-Homeostasis in Humans and Is Efficient in Reversal of Anemia in Rats; Background: Decreased dietary meat may deplete iron stores, as plant-derived iron bioavailability is typically limited. Objectives: We explored the effect of a low-meat Mediterranean (green-MED) diet, supplemented withWolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: rich in protein and iron) as a food source for humans, on iron status. We further examined the iron bioavailability of Mankai in rats. Methods: Two hundred and ninety-four abdominally obese/dyslipidemic [mean age = 51.1 y; body mass index (kg/m(2)) = 31.3; 88% men] nonanemic participants were randomly assigned to physical activity (PA), PA + MED diet, or PA + green-MED diet. Both isocaloric MED groups consumed 28 g walnuts/d and the low-meat green-MED group further consumed green tea (800 mL/d) andMankai (100 g green shake/d). In a complementary animal experiment, after 44 d of an iron deficiency anemia-inducing diet, 50 female rats (age = 3 wk; Sprague Dawley strain) were randomly assigned into: iron-deficient diet (vehicle), or vehicle + iso-iron: ferrous gluconate (FG) 14, Mankai 50, and Mankai 80 versions (1.7 mg.kg(-1).d(-1) elemental iron), or FG9.5 and Mankai 50-C version (1.15 mg.kg(-1).d(-1) elemental iron). The specific primary aim for both studies was changes in iron homeostasis parameters. Results: After 6 mo of intervention, iron status trajectory did not differ between the PA and PA + MED groups. Hemoglobin modestly increased in the PA + green-MED group (0.23 g/dL) compared with PA (-0.1 g/dL; P < 0.001) and PA + MED (-0.1 g/dL; P < 0.001). Serum iron and serum transferrin saturation increased in the PA + green-MED group compared with the PA group (8.21 mu g/dL compared with -5.23 mu g/dL and 2.39% compared with -1.15%, respectively; P < 0.05 for both comparisons), as did folic acid (P = 0.011). In rats, hemoglobin decreased from 15.7 to 9.4 mg/dL after 44 d of diet-induced anemia. After depletion treatment, the vehicle-treated group had a further decrease of 1.3 mg/dL, whereas hemoglobin concentrations in both FG and Mankai iso-iron treatments similarly rebounded (FG14: + 10.8 mg/dL, Mankai 50: + 6.4 mg/dL, Mankai 80: + 7.3 mg/dL; FG9.5: + 5.1 mg/dL, Mankai 50-C: + 7.1 mg/dL; P < 0.05 for all vs. the vehicle group). Conclusions: In humans, a green-MED low-meat diet does not impair iron homeostasis. In rats, iron derived from Mankai (a green-plant protein source) is bioavailable and efficient in reversal of anemia. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03020186.
Dietary Glycine Is Rate-Limiting for Glutathione Synthesis and May Have Broad Potential for Health Protection; Background: Glutathione is a key scavenging antioxidant that opposes the proinflammatory signaling of hydrogen peroxide. Boosting cellular glutathione levels may have broad utility in the prevention and treatment of disorders driven by oxidative stress. Supplemental N-acetylcysteine has been employed for this purpose. Could supplemental glycine likewise promote glutathione synthesis? Methods: We conducted a review of the pertinent literature using PubMed. Results: Tissue glycine levels are lower than the glutathione synthase Michaelis constant (K-m) for glycine. When glycine availability is too low to sustain a normal rate of glutathione synthesis, the consequent rise in tissue levels of gamma-glutamylcysteine leads to an increase in urinary excretion of its alternative metabolite 5-L-oxoproline. The fact that urinary excretion of this metabolite is elevated in vegetarians and others consuming relatively low-protein diets strongly suggests that dietary glycine can be rate-limiting for glutathione synthesis in normally fed humans. Moreover, supplemental glycine has been reported to increase tissue glutathione levels in several animal studies. Glycine is a biosynthetic precursor for porphyrins, purines, creatine, sarcosine, and bile salts; is an agonist for glycine-gated chloride channels and a coagonist for N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors; inhibits protein glycation; and increases hepatic production of pyruvate, an effective scavenger of hydrogen peroxide. Supplemental glycine may have the potential for improving endothelial function, preventing cardiac hypertrophy, aiding control of metabolic syndrome, preventing the complications of diabetes, dampening inflammation, protecting the liver, and promoting effective sleep. Conclusion: Clinical research is warranted to evaluate the impact of supplemental glycine on glutathione levels and on various health disorders.
Relationship of homocysteine with other risk factors and outcome of ischemic stroke; Objective: Hyperhomocysteinemia (HH) is an emerging risk factor for ischemic stroke but its role in outcome is controversial. We compare the risk factors, nature of stroke and outcome of patients with and without hyperhomocysteinemia. Patients and methods: CT proven ischemicstroke patients were included. The conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, obesity, smoking, and family history of stroke were recorded. Dietary history was noted. Fasting serum homocysteine (Hcy). B12 and folic acid were estimated after 1 Dietary month of stroke. Severity of stroke was assessed by Canadian Neurological Scale (CNS) and outcome at 3 months by Barthel Index (BI) score into good (B1 >= 12) and poor (BI <= 12). Serum Hcy, B12 and folic acid were also estimated in 200 normal healthy volunteers. Results: There were 198 patients with ischemic stroke whose median age was 56 years and 36 were females. In the study group, 41.4% patients were vegetarian, 55.1% hypertensive, 24.7% diabetic, 30.8% smoker, 61.1% sedentary and 28.8% obese. 23.2% had past history of stroke and 21.7% had stroke in their first degree relative. Serum cholesterol was elevated in 11.7% and LDL in 10.8% patients. Serum Hcy was elevated in 60.6% and serum B12 low in 25.7% and folic acid in 42.1%. Hcy levels correlated with serum B12 and LDL. Patients with hyperhomocysteinemia had significantly better outcome at 3 months. Hcy levels in stroke patients did not significantly differ from controls. Conclusion: Hyperhomocysteinemia is found in 60.6% stroke patients, which is related to low serum B12 level. Patients with hyperhomocysteinemia had a better 3-month outcome. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
INHIBITION OF HUMAN AROMATASE BY MAMMALIAN LIGNANS AND ISOFLAVONOID PHYTOESTROGENS; Isoflavonoid phytoestrogens and lignans in plants are known to be constituents of animal and human food and recently they have been found in human urine and other biological materials. These compounds have received increasing attention because of their interesting biological properties and possible role in human cancer and other diseases. The present study demonstrates that the main mammalian lignan enterolactone (trans-2,3-bis[3-hydroxyphenyl)methyl]-butyrolactone) and some other diphenols are moderate or weak inhibitors of human estrogen synthetase (aromatase) and that this lignan binds to or near the substrate region of the active site of the P-450 enzyme. The inhibition is competitive with respect to testosterone and androstenedione, and the lignan affinity is 1/75-1/300 that of these natural substrates. It is suggested that the high concentration of lignans in vegetarians, by inhibiting aromatase in peripheral and/or cancer cells and lowering estrogen levels, may play a protective role as antipromotional compounds during growth of estrogen-dependent cancers.
LP(a) levels: Effects of progressive chronic renal failure and dietary manipulation; Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), Elevated lipoprotein(a) (LP(a)) levels have been shown to be an important risk factor for CVD, This study examined Lp(a) changes during the progression of renal disease in patients following different dietary regimens, Fifty-seven patients with CRF of different etiology and degree (mean age 58 +/- 10 yrs) were divided into four groups according to their serum creatinine (sCr) levels, The first group had sCr 1.5-3; the second 3-6; the third >6, all on a conventional low-protein diet (CLPD), and the fourth had sCr >6 on a supplemented vegetarian diet (SVD), Lp(a), apoproteins AI, B, E, CII, CIII, CII/CIII, Apo A/Apo B ratios and the lipid pattern (total cholesterol (TC) and its fractions LDL, HDL, HDL3 and triglycerides) were investigated, Patients with diabetes, proteinuria >1.5g/24h, hepatic disease or taking contraceptives or lipid lowering drugs were excluded, Results were compared with a reference group (N=12) with sCcr<1. Lp(a) concentrations increased with the progression of renal failure, and a significant correlation was observed with sCr, Despite the elevated sCr levels, patients on the SVD had an almost normal Lp(a) concentration, Only 15% of the reference group had Lp(a) levels >30 mg/dl, compared to 33%, 50% and 78% of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd groups and 38% of the 4th group, No relationship was found between Lp(a), lipids or apoproteins, Our results indicate that renal function influences Lp(a) levels and suggest a SVD helps to lower them. This might be ascribed to some antioxidant factors in the SVD.
The Impact of Maternal Eating Disorders on Dietary Intake and Eating Patterns during Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Maternal nutrition in pregnancy has a key influence on optimum fetal health. Eating disorders (EDs) during pregnancy may have detrimental effects on fetal growth and the child's early development. There is limited knowledge concerning the eating behavior, dietary intake and derived nutritional biomarkers as well as the nutrient supplementation in women with EDs during pregnancy. We performed a systematic review according to the PRISMA statement to synthesize current evidence in this field. Of N = 1203 hits, 13 full-texts were included in the qualitative synthesis. While women with current Binge Eating Disorder (BED) showed higher energy and fat intakes during pregnancy, women with a lifetime Anorexia Nervosa (AN), Bulimia Nervosa (BN) or both (AN + BN) had similar patterns of nutrient intake and dietary supplement use as healthy women. There is evidence, that women with a history of EDs have a sufficient diet quality and are more likely to be vegetarian. Dieting and bingeing improved substantially with pregnancy. The highlighted differences in the consumption of coffee/caffeine and artificially sweetened beverages as well as the elevated prevalence of iron deficiency anemia in women with a past or active ED during pregnancy might have an important impact on fetal development.
Quinoa leaf as a nutritional alternative; Chenopodium quinoa is an herbaceous plant that possesses green polymorphic leaves. They are traditionally consumed in America and are considered nutritive vegetables. Most vegetables are considered valuable sources of micronutrients, such as mineral, vitamins, carbohydrates and dietetic fiber; however, because they are poor in proteins, they are considered to have no energetic value. The consumption of vegetables generates a satiety sensation and favors the reduction of total calories consumed. Quinoa leaves can be consumed raw when they are ripe or steam cooked; they retain most of their vitamins and minerals. The FAO considers quinoa to be the "perfect food", and it is not only used in common diets, but it is also suitable for the unique diets of those that are vegetarian or high-performance athletes as well as those with celiac disease and diabetes. The objective of this work was to determine the nutritional value of quinoa leaves. For every test, dried and powdered quinoa leaves were used, and the following parameters were determined: total polyphenols, total flavonoids, proteins, carbohydrates, reducing sugars, water content, ash content, and raw fiber, and the flavonoids were determined by HPLC. The results obtained for the polyphenols were 131.8 +/- 10.3 mg 100 g(-1) and 62.07 +/- 5.1 mg 100 g(-1) for flavonoids, and the main compounds were gallic acid, kaempferol and catechin. The content of proteins was 11.8 +/- 0.6%, the carbohydrates was 18.3 +/- 0.9, the reducing sugars were 3.2 +/- 0.27%, the water content was 2.8 +/- 0.9%, the ash content was 1.4 +/- 0.14%, and the raw fiber content was 43.7 +/- 3.9%. Based on the nutritional profile and the content of polyphenols and total flavonoids, quinoa leaves can be considered an alternative for human consumption because they offer interesting potential in nutrients and antioxidant capacity, which is a dietary requirement.
Regularity of Breakfast Consumption and Diet: Insights from National Adult Nutrition Survey; Breakfast is considered to be one of the most important meals of the day. Its omission has been reported to be associated with increased disease risk, such as obesity, diabetes, and coronary heart disease, as well as unhealthy lifestyle and lower dietary quality. Using data from the National Adult Nutrition Survey (NANS)-a food consumption survey conducted among 1500 Irish men and women over 18 years of age, residing in the Republic of Ireland at the time the survey was conducted-we aimed to characterize breakfast regularity, identify dietary patterns associated with regular breakfast consumption, and assess the nutritional quality of such dietary patterns, using the nutrient-rich food index score NRF9.3. We determined two breakfast regularity categories and assessed dietary quality, by means of adherence to the principal component analysis derived dietary patterns and the NRF9.3 dietary index. Regular breakfast consumers were identified as those who consumed breakfast 3-4 times out of the 4 days of the collection period; such consumers comprised the majority of the population (94.4%). They had the highest adherence to healthier dietary patterns, namely, the "vegetarian" (odds ratio (OR): 2.59: 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 1.40, 4.77), "fish and vegetables" (OR: 2.88: 95% CI: 1.63, 5.10), and "breakfast cereals" (OR: 4.62: 95% CI: 2.43, 8.79) dietary patterns. Breakfast significantly contributed to the daily micronutrient intake by providing, on average, 24% of dietary fiber, 32% of iron, 30% of calcium, 32% of folate, and 37% of riboflavin. The importance of regular breakfast consumption on those who skip breakfast should be highlighted, in order to improve compliance with nutritional recommendations and adherence to a healthy lifestyle.
Zinc and multi-mineral supplementation should mitigate the pathogenic impact of cadmium exposure; High-level cadmium (Cd) exposure has long been known to induce nephropathy, severe osteoporosis, and fractures in humans. More recent epidemiology, however, reveals that, in populations not known to have important industrial exposure to this heavy metal, high-normal blood or urine Cd levels correlate with increased risk for vascular disorders, cancers, diabetes, and total mortality, as well as osteoporosis and nephropathy. Since these disorders appear unlikely to expedite Cd absorption, and since Cd has promoted these pathologies in rodent studies, it seems reasonable to conclude that Cd is an important mediating risk factor for these disorders in humans. Avoiding tobacco smoke or frequent ingestion of shellfish or organ meats can lessen humans exposure to Cd, but the chief dietary sources of Cd are plant-derived foods - green leafy vegetables, whole grains, tubers, and root vegetables - typically recommended for their health-supportive properties; indeed, among non-smokers, vegans tend to have the highest Cd body burden. Fortunately, iron sufficiency and ample dietary intakes of calcium, magnesium, and zinc can impede absorption of dietary Cd, both by down-regulating intestinal expression of mineral transporters, and by directly competing with Cd for access to these transporters. Correction of iron deficiency appears to be of particular importance for controlling Cd absorption. Moreover, zinc supplementation can counteract the toxicity of Cd already in the body via induction of metallothionein, which binds Cd avidly via its sulfhydryl groups: so long as it remains sequestered in this form, Cd is innocuous. Zinc supplementation may in any case be recommendable, as optimal zinc status exerts protective anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and immunosupportive effects. Inasmuch as the toxicity of Cd appears to be mediated in large part by oxidative stress, ingestion of spirulina, lipoic acid, melatonin, and N-acetylcysteine may also have potential for mitigating the risk associated with Cd exposure, as suggested by rodent studies. Hence, although Cd may prove to be a major risk factor for morbidity and mortality in humans, practical strategies for limiting its absorption and pathogenic impact are at hand. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Loss-of-function mutation in carotenoid 15,15'-monooxygenase identified in a patient with hypercarotenemia and hypovitaminosis A<SUP>1-3</SUP>; The enzyme carotenoid 15,1 5'-monooxygenase (CMO1) catalyzes the first step in the conversion of dietary provitannin A carotenoids to vitamin Ain the small intestine. Plant carotenoids are an important dietary source of vitamin A (retinol) and the sole source of vitamin A for vegetarians. Vitamin A is essential for normal embryonic development as well as normal physiological functions in children and adults. Here, we describe one heterozygous T170M missense mutation in the CMO1 gene in a subject with hypercarotenemia and mild hypovitaminosis A. The replacement of a highly conserved threonine with methionine results in a 90% reduction in enzyme activity when analyzed in vitro using purified recombinant enzymes. The Michaelis-Menten constant(K.) for the mutated enzyme is normal. Ampleamounts of carotenoids are present in plasma of persons consuming a normal Western diet, suggesting that the enzyme is saturated with substrate under normal conditions. Therefore, we propose that haploinsufficiency of the CMO1 enzyme may cause symptoms of hypercarotenemia and hypovitaminosis Ain individuals consuming a carotenoid-containing and vitamin A-deficient diet.
Genetic polymorphisms of eNOS (-786T/C, Intron 4b/4a & 894G/T) and its association with asymptomatic first degree relatives of coronary heart disease patients; Background: The eNOS gene has been extensively screened for important variations in the promoter (-786T/C), Intron 4 (4b/4a) and exon 7 (894G/T) regions in multiple diseases. Prevalence of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) is much higher in young Indians when compared to other ethnic groups and first degree relatives (FDRS) of CHD patients are at risk correlating with earlier age-of-onset and poor prognosis. Objective: The objective of this study is to understand the genetic mechanism of eNOS -786T/C, Intron 4b/4a and 894G/T polymorphisms/haplotypes in the development of CHD and to identify individuals having coronary risk factors among the FDRS of CHD patients by comparing them with the general population. Materials & methods: The study population consisted of 300 CHD patients with angiographically documented, 100 FDRS and 300 age and sex matched healthy controls. Genotyping of eNOS -786T/C, Intron 4b/4a was carried out by Allele specific-Polymerase Chain Reaction (As-PCR) and 894G/T by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) assays. Results: The frequency of risk factors for CHD includes age, blood pressure, obesity, diabetes mellitus, smoking, non-vegetarian diet, family history are higher in CHD patients and FDRS compared to controls (p < 0.01). The genotype distribution, allele frequencies and haplotypes of the eNOS -786T/C, 4144a and 894G/T were significantly different between CHD patients, FDRS and controls. eNOS gene haplotypes GCB, TCB (G-allele of 894G/T, C-allele -786T/C, B-allele of Intron 4b/4a respectively) were associated with high nitrite/nitrate levels compared to GTB in both FDRS and CHD patients (p < 0.01). Conclusion: The study shows the importance of eNOS polymorphism in the pathogenesis of CHD and predicting the risk of future coronary events in asymptomatic healthy FDRS and suggests the use of new therapeutics and initiating the measures for prevention or delaying the progression of the disease by life style modification or treatment modalities in high-risk individuals. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Risk Factors Associated With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Indians: A Case-Control Study; Background/Aims: NAFLD has today emerged as the leading cause of liver disorder. There is scanty data on risk factors associated with NAFLD emanating from India. The present study was conducted to identify the risk factors associated with NAFLD. Methods: 464 consecutive NAFLD patients and 181 control patients were subjected to detailed questionnaire regarding their lifestyle and dietary risk factors. Anthropometric measurements were obtained and biochemical assays were done. Comparison of different variables was made between NAFLD patients and controls using principal component analysis (PCA). Results: NAFLD patients had higher BMI [26.25 +/- 3.80 vs 21.46 +/- 3.08 kg/m(2), P = 0.000], waist- hip ratio [0.96 +/- 0.12 vs 0.90 +/- 0.08, P = 0.000] and waist- height ratio [0.57 +/- 0.09 vs 0.50 +/- 0.06, P = 0.000] compared to controls. Fasting blood sugar [101.88 +/- 31.57 vs 90.87 +/- 10.74 mg/dl] and triglyceride levels [196.16 +/- 102.66 vs 133.20 +/- 58.37 mg/dl] were significantly higher in NAFLD group. HOMA- IR was also higher in NAFLD group [2.53 +/- 2.57 vs 1.16 +/- 0.58, P = 0.000]. Majority (90.2%) of NAFLD patients were sedentary. Family history of metabolic syndrome (MS) was positively correlated with NAFLD. Dietary risk factors associated with NAFLD were non- vegetarian diet [35% vs 23%, P = 0.002], fried food [35% vs 9%, P = 0.000], spicy foods [51% vs 15%, P = 0.001] and tea [55% vs 39%, P = 0.001]. Diabetes, hypertension, snoring and sleep apnoea syndrome were common factors in NAFLD. On multivariate PCA, waist/height ratio and BMI were significantly higher in the NAFLD patients. Conclusion: The risk factors associated with NAFLD are sedentary lifestyle, obesity family history of MS, consumption of meat/fish, spicy foods, fried foods and tea. Other risk factors associated with NAFLD included snoring and MS.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism in Indian stroke patients; Background and Aims: In view of the prevailing controversy about the role of Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T mutation in stroke and paucity of studies from India, this study has been undertaken to evaluate MTHFR C677T gene polymorphism in consecutive ischemic stroke patients and correlate these with folic acid, homocysteine (Hcy) and conventional risk factors. Settings and Design: Ischemic stroke patients prospectively evaluated in a tertiary care teaching hospital. Materials and Methods: Computerized tomography proven ischemic stroke patients were prospectively evaluated including clinical, family history of stroke, dietary habits and addictions. Their fasting and postprandial blood sugar, lipid profile, vitamin B12, folic acid and MTHFR gene analysis were done. Statistical Analysis: MTHFR gene polymorphism was correlated with serum folic acid, Vitamin B12 and Hcy levels; family history of stroke in first-degree relatives; and dietary habits; employing Chi-square test. Results: There were 58 patients with ischemic stroke, whose mean age was 50 (479) years; among them, 10 were females. MTHFR gene polymorphism was present in 19 (32.8%) patients, 3 were homozygous and 16 were heterozygous. Both serum folate and B12 levels were low in 29 (50%) patients and Hcy in 48 (83%). Hypertension was present in 28 (48%) patients, diabetes in 12 (21%), hyperlipidemia in 52 (90%), smoking in 17 (29%), obesity in 1 (1.7%) and family history of stroke in first-degree relatives in 13 (22.4%). There was no significant relationship of MTHFR gene polymorphism with folic acid, B12, Hcy levels, dietary habits and number of risk factors. Vitamin B12 level was low in vegetarians (P < 0.003). In 3 patients with MTHFR TT alleles, Hcy was elevated in all 3, low folic acid in 2 and family history of stroke in 1 patient. Conclusion: MTHFR gene polymorphism was found in one-third of patients with ischemic stroke and was insignificantly associated with higher frequency of elevated Hcy.
Pterygium Prevalence and Its Associations in a Russian Population: The Ural Eye and Medical Study; PURPOSE: To assess the prevalence of pterygia and its associations in a population in Russia. DESIGN: Population-based cross-sectional study. METHODS: The Ural Eye and Medical Study was performed in a rural and urban area in Ufa/Bashkortostan 1300 km east of Moscow. Out of 7328 eligible individuals aged 40+ years, 5899 (80.5%) individuals participated and underwent an ocular and systemic examination. Pterygia, defined as conjunctival extensions onto the clear cornea, were diagnosed upon slit-lamp examination and on corneal photographs. RESULTS: Mean pterygium prevalence (per individual) was 138/5888 (2.3%; 95% confidence intervals [CI]:2.0, 2.7), with bilateral occurrence in 45 individuals (32.6% of patients with pterygium; 0.8% of study population). Pterygium prevalence increased from 0.8% (95% CI: 0.02, 1.6) in the age group from 40 to <45 years to 3.6% (95% CI: 2.1, 5.1) in the age group of 75 + years. In multivariable analysis, higher pterygium prevalence was associated with older age (P = .006; odds ratio [OR]: 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.04), rural vs urban region of habitation (P < .001; OR: 2.33; 95% CI: 1.57, 3.46), and lower level of education (P = .03; OR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.99), while the pterygium prevalence was statistically independent of sex (P = .34), Russian vs non-Russian ethnicity (P = .59), presence of diabetes mellitus (P = 1.00), arterial hypertension (P = .86), vegetarian vs mixed diet (P = 1.00), blood lipid concentration (P > .30), history of cardiovascular disease (P = .49), or axial length (P = .52). CONCLUSIONS: In this rural and urban, typically multi-ethnic Russian study population aged 40+ years, a higher pterygium prevalence (mean: 2.3%) was correlated with older age, rural region of habitation, and lower educational level, while it was statistically independent of most other systemic or ocular parameters. A pterygium was not a biomarker for an internal medical disease. ((C) 2019 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.)
Effects of Orthodox religious fasting on human health: a systematic review; Purpose Different studies have pointed towards a positive effect of religious fasting on human health. Orthodox fasting (OF) regime could be characterized as a periodical vegetarian diet, demonstrating several common characteristics with the typical Mediterranean diet. The present systematic review aimed to synthesize available results regarding the potential impact of OF on human health. Methods Key biomedical databases were searched to identify studies examining the effects of OF on humans. Following implementation of specific criteria, ten studies were included in the analysis and their results were systematically reported and critically appraised in this review. Results According to the available limited results, OF periods are characterized by a restriction in total energy and fat intake, an increase in carbohydrate and fiber consumption, while in terms of protein intake, results are contradictive. The overall effect of OF on lipids profile seems to be optimal, with the reduction of total cholesterol and LDL-C levels, being a consistent finding across studies (up to 17.8 and 31.4%, respectively). However, the effect on HDL-C is still unclear. Conclusions regarding the impact on body weight and glucose homeostasis cannot be drawn, given that relevant data are limited with conflicting results. Any potential negative aspects of OF, mainly attributed to reduced dietary intake of vitamin D and B12 and minerals (mainly calcium), require further investigation. Conclusions Given the limitations of available evidence, more studies are required before reaching definite conclusions about the effects of OF on human health.
Prevalence, risk factors, and significance of iron deficiency and anemia in nonischemic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction from a Himachal Pradesh heart failure registry; Background: The study aimed to estimate the prevalence, risk determinants, and its clinical significance of iron deficiency and anemia in patients of nonischemic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF). Methods: Serum ferritin, transferrin saturation, and the hemoglobin (Hb) levels were measured in 226 consecutive patients with HFrEF diagnosed based on the left ventricular ejection fraction <= 45% and absence of coronary artery luminal narrowing of more than 50%, in a prospective tertiary care hospital-based heart failure registry. Patients with the New York Heart Association functional class III/IV were classified as patients with advanced heart failure. Multivariable logistic regression modeling was performed to assess the risk determinants of iron deficiency and anemia and their clinical significance as the risk factors for advanced heart failure. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval (CI) was reported as the estimates of the strength of association between exposure and outcome variables. Results: Iron deficiency and anemia were prevalent in 58.8% (52.2%-65.1%) and 35.8% (29.8%-42.3%) of patients, respectively. Female gender [OR 3.5 (95% CI 1.9-6.5)], history of bleeding [OR 11.7 (95% CI 1.4-101.2)], and vegetarian diet [OR 2.5 (95% CI 1.4-4.6)] were significantly associated with iron deficiency, while diabetes [OR 3.0 (95% CI 1.40-6.5)], estimated glomerular filtration rate [OR 0.98 (95% CI 0.97-0.99)], history of bleeding [OR 13.0 (95% CI 2.3-70.9)], and female gender [OR 2.9 (95% CI 1.5-5.7)] had significant association with anemia. The Hb level (OR 0.82 (95% CI 0.70-0.96) and transferrin saturation (OR 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-0.99)] had a significant inverse association with symptoms of advanced heart failure. Conclusion: Iron deficiency and anemia are common comorbidities associated with HFrEF. Low Hb and transferrin saturation are significantly associated with advanced heart failure. The findings have important implications in the management of heart failure. (C) 2018 Cardiological Society of India. Published by Elsevier B.V.
Risk factors for all-cause and coronary heart disease mortality in the oldest-old - The Adventist health study; Background: The oldest-old population (greater than or equal to 84 years of age) is growing rapidly and consumes a disproportionate amount of health care dollars. Risk factors for disease have not been extensively studied in this group. Methods: A cohort study of non-Hispanic white Seventh-Day Adventists from California allowed follow-up for mortality from 1976 through 1988. Associations between traditional risk factors, consumption of selected foods, and both coronary heart disease (CHD) and all-cause mortality were evaluated in the oldest-old portion of this population, using proportional hazards regression analyses. Results: We observed 364 cases of CHD and 1387 total deaths during 11 828 person-years of follow-up. Men had higher risk of both all-cause mortality and mortality from CHD. The relative risks (RRs) associated with diabetes mellitus were 1.51 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.24-1.84; P<.001) for all deaths and 1.95 (95% CI, 1.38-2.76; P<.001) for mortality from CHD. The apparent effects of hypertension were small unless subjects were currently taking antihypertensive medications. Compared with those with no regular vigorous activity, subjects who exercised at least 3 times each week had RRs of death of 0.80 (95% CI, 0.70-0.91; P<.001) and 0.74 (95% CI, 0.56-0.97; P<.05) for mortality from CHD. Subjects who consumed nuts 5 times per week had RRs of death of 0.82 (95% CI, 0.70-0.96; P<.01) and 0.61 (95% CI, 0.45-0.83; P<.001) for death from CHD compared with those consuming nuts less than weekly. In men, regular consumption of donuts appeared hazardous for both all-cause mortality (RR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.05-1.88) and mortality from CHD (RR, 2.10; 95% CI, 1.15-3.81), and consumption of beef 4 times weekly was associated with a 2-fold RR for CHD compared with vegetarians, but there was no increase in risk for women. Conclusions: Even in the oldest-old, certain traditional risk factors and dietary habits are associated with mortality.
Oral vitamin B<sub>12</sub> supplementation reduces plasma total homocysteine concentration in women in India; People in India have a high prevalence of low vitamin B-12 status and high plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations. In a proof of principle trial, we studied the effect of oral vitamin B-12 (500 mu g) and/or 100 g cooked green leafy vegetables (GLV) every alternate day in a 2x2 factorial design over a 6-week period. Forty-two non-pregnant vegetarian women (age 20-50 years) were randomly allocated to four study groups. Clinical measurements were made at the beginning and at the end of the study, and blood samples were collected before, and 2 and 6 weeks after commencement of intervention. Forty women completed the trial. Twenty-six women had low vitamin B-12 status (< 150 pmol/L) and 24 had hyperhomocysteinemia (> 15 mu mol/L). GLV supplementation did not alter plasma folate or tHcy. Vitamin B-12 supplementation increased plasma vitamin B-12 concentration (125 to 215pmol/L, p < 0.05) and reduced tHcy concentration (18.0 to 13.0 pmol/L, p < 0.05) within first 2 weeks, both of which remained stable for the next 4 weeks. Plasma vitamin B-12 and tHcy concentrations did not change in those who did not receive vitamin B-12, and there was no change in plasma folate concentration in any of the groups. Blood haemoglobin concentration increased marginally within first two weeks in those women who received vitamin B-12 (by 3 g/L, p < 0.05) and the number of women with macrocytosis decreased from 2 to zero. There was no change in vibration sensory threshold during the period of the study. High-dose per oral vitamin Bit supplementation significantly reduced plasma tHcy within 2 weeks but did not achieve normal plasma tHcy concentration even after 6 weeks.
The Effect of Soy Phytoestrogen Supplementation on Thyroid Status and Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Patients with Subclinical Hypothyroidism: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Crossover Study; Context: There is concern whether soy phytoestrogens may affect thyroid function. If true, soy phytoestrogens may be expected to have a greater impact in subjects with subclinical hypothyroidism. Objective: The primary aim was to determine the effect of soy phytoestrogen supplementation on thyroid function, with a secondary aim of assessing the effects on cardiovascular risk indices in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism. Design and Setting: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, crossover study in a tertiary care setting. Participants: Sixty patients with subclinical hypothyroidism participated in the study. Intervention: Patients were randomly assigned to either low-dose phytoestrogen (30 g soy protein with 2 mg phytoestrogens, representative of a Western diet) or high-dose phytoestrogen (30 g soy protein with 16 mg phytoestrogens, representative of a vegetarian diet) supplementation for 8 wk, then crossed over after an 8-wk washout period. Main Outcome Measures: The primary outcome was progression to overt hypothyroidism, with secondary outcome measures of blood pressure, insulin resistance, lipids, and highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Results: Six female patients in the study progressed into overt hypothyroidism with a standardized rate ratio of 3.6 (95% confidence interval, 1.9, 6.2) after 16-mg phytoestrogen supplementation. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased with 16 mg phytoestrogens, whereas systolic pressure alone decreased with 2 mg phytoestrogens. Insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, 3.5 +/- 0.09 vs. 2.6 +/- 0.08; P < 0.02) and hsCRP (4.9 +/- 0.04 vs. 3.9 +/- 0.03; P < 0.01) decreased with 16 mg phytoestrogens. Lipid profile remained unchanged. Conclusion: There is a 3-fold increased risk of developing overt hypothyroidism with dietary supplementation of 16 mg soy phytoestrogens with subclinical hypothyroidism. However, 16-mg soy phytoestrogen supplementation significantly reduces the insulin resistance, hsCRP, and blood pressure in these patients. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 96: 1442-1449, 2011)
Cognition: the new frontier for nuts and berries; The inclusion of nuts in the diet is associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease, hypertension, gallstones, diabetes, cancer, metabolic syndrome, and visceral obesity. Frequent consumption of berries seems to be associated with improved cardiovascular and cancer outcomes, improved immune function, and decreased recurrence of urinary tract infections; the consumption of nuts and berries is associated with reduction in oxidative damage, inflammation, vascular reactivity, and platelet aggregation, and improvement in immune functions. However, only recently have the effects of nut and berry consumption on the brain, different neural systems, and cognition been studied. There is growing evidence that the synergy and interaction of all of the nutrients and other bioactive components in nuts and berries can have a beneficial effect on the brain and cognition. Regular nut consumption, berry consumption, or both could possibly be used as an adjunctive therapeutic strategy in the treatment and prevention of several neurodegenerative diseases and age-related brain dysfunction. A number of animal and a growing number of human studies show that moderate-duration dietary supplementation with nuts, berry fruit, or both is capable of altering cognitive performance in humans, perhaps forestalling or reversing the effects of neurodegeneration in aging.
Nuts and novel biomarkers of cardiovascular disease; Nuts are energy-dense foods, rich in total fat and unsaturated fatty acids. The favorable fatty acid profile probably contributes to the beneficial effects of nut consumption observed in epidemiologic studies (prevention of coronary heart disease and diabetes) and feeding trials (cholesterol lowering). Besides fat, the complex matrices of nuts contain many bioactive compounds: vegetable protein, fiber, minerals, tocopherols, and phenolic compounds. By virtue of their unique composition, nuts are likely to benefit newer cardiovascular risk biomarkers, such as LDL oxidizability, soluble inflammatory molecules, and endothelial dysfunction. Protection of LDL oxidation by nut intake has been documented in some, but not all, clinical studies. In one study, feeding one daily serving of mixed nuts was associated with lower oxidized LDL concentrations. Regarding inflammation, cross-sectional studies have shown that nut consumption is associated with lower concentrations of circulating inflammatory molecules and higher plasma adiponectin, a potent antiinflammatory adipokine. Clinical studies with nuts have documented reduced inflammatory cytokine concentrations but no consistent changes of C-reactive protein. Only walnuts have been formally tested for effects on endothelial function. After both walnut diets and single walnut meals, favorable vasoreactivity changes have been observed. Walnut consumption also reduced expression of endothelin 1, a potent endothelial activator, in an animal model of accelerated atherosclerosis. Beneficial effects on vascular reactivity may be ascribed to several constituents of walnuts: L-arginine, the precursor of nitric oxide, a-linolenic acid, and phenolic antioxidants. Although more studies are warranted, the emerging picture is that nut consumption beneficially influences cardiovascular risk beyond cholesterol lowering. Am J Clin Nutr 2009; 89(suppl): 1649S-56S.
A Pilot Study of the Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet: An Effective Therapy for the Metabolic Syndrome; The "Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet'' (SKMD) has been shown to promote potential therapeutic properties for the metabolic syndrome. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential therapeutic properties under free-living conditions of the SKMD in patients with metabolic syndrome (following the International Diabetes Federation consensus guidelines) over a 12-week period. A prospective study was carried out in 22 obese subjects with metabolic syndrome (12 men and 10 women) with the inclusion criteria whose body mass index of 36.58 +/- 0.54 kg/m(2) and age was 41.18 +/- 2.28 years. Statistical differences between the parameters studied before and after the administration of the SKMD (week 0 and 12, respectively) were analyzed by paired Student's t test. There was an extremely significant (P < .001) improvement in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (from 126.25 mg/dL to 103.87 mg/dL) and all the parameters studied associated with metabolic syndrome: body weight (from 106.41 kg to 91.95 kg), body mass index (from 36.58 kg/m(2) to 31.69 kg/m(2)), waist circumference (from 111.97 cm to 94.70 cm), fasting plasma glucose (from 118.81 mg/dL to 91.86 mg/dL), triacylglycerols (from 224.86 mg/dL to 109.59 mg/dL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (from 44.44 to 57.95 mg/dL), systolic blood pressure (from 141.59 mm Hg to 123.64 mm Hg), and diastolic blood pressure (from 89.09 mm Hg to 76.36 mm Hg). The most affected parameter was the triacylglycerols (51.26% reduction). After the diet all the subjects were free of metabolic syndrome according to the International Diabetes Federation definition, and 100% of them had normal triacylglycerols and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, in spite of the fact that 77.27% of them still had a body mass index of >30 kg/m(2). We conclude that the SKMD could be an effective and safe way to cure patients suffering from metabolic syndrome. Future research should include a larger sample size, a longer-term use, and a comparison with other ketogenic diets.
Protein Quantity and Source, Fasting-Mimicking Diets, and Longevity; Dietary modifications, including caloric restriction, dietary restriction, various intervals of fasting, and even limiting the time when food is consumed can have a pronounced impact on longevity. In addition, dietary modifications are powerful interventions to delay, prevent, or treat many aging-related diseases such as cancer and diabetes. Restricting amino acid and protein intake generally decreases aging-related comorbidities and thereby increases health and longevity. However, chronic dietary interventions are likely not feasible for most people due to low adherence to dietary protocols or resistance to drastic changes to lifestyle, and might even cause detrimental effects, possibly by negatively affecting the immune system and wound healing. The periodic use of low-protein, low-calorie fasting-mimicking diets (FMDs) has the potential to promote health benefits, while minimizing the burden of chronic restriction. Protein restriction and FMDs together have the potential to play an important complementary role in medicine by promoting disease prevention and treatment, and by delaying the aging process at least in part by stimulating stem cell-based regeneration in periods of normal food intake after periodic FMD cycles. The aim of this narrative review is to summarize research on the impact of protein restriction on health and longevity in model organisms and to discuss the implementation of an FMD in mice and in human clinical trials and its effects on biomarkers of healthy aging. Taking into account the importance of sex on aging and diet, we include this information in all discussed studies. Whereas for some model organisms of aging, such as rodents, many studies are available, results are more limited for primates and/or humans.
Lower Circulating B12 Is Associated with Higher Obesity and Insulin Resistance during Pregnancy in a Non-Diabetic White British Population; Objective Vitamin B12 and folate are critical micronutrients needed to support the increased metabolic demands of pregnancy. Recent studies from India have suggested that low vitamin B12 and folate concentrations in pregnancy are associated with increased obesity; however differences in diet, antenatal vitamin supplementation, and socioeconomic status may limit the generalisability of these findings. We aimed to explore the cross-sectional relationship of circulating serum vitamin B12 and folate at 28 weeks' gestation with maternal adiposity and related biochemical markers in a white non diabetic UK obstetric cohort. Methods Anthropometry and biochemistry data was available on 995 women recruited at 28 weeks gestation to the Exeter Family Study of Childhood Health. Associations between B12 and folate with maternal BMI and other obesity-related biochemical factors (HOMA-R, fasting glucose, triglycerides, HDL and AST) were explored using regression analysis, adjusting for potential confounders (socioeconomic status, vegetarian diet, vitamin supplementation, parity, haemodilution (haematocrit)). Results Higher 28 week BMI was associated with lower circulating vitamin B12 (r = -0.25; P<0.001) and folate (r = -0.15; P<0.001). In multiple regression analysis higher 28 week BMI remained an independent predictor of lower circulating B12 (beta (95% CI) = -0.59 (-0.74, -0.44) i.e. for every 1% increase in BMI there was a 0.6% decrease in circulating B12). Other markers of adiposity/body fat metabolism (HOMA-R, triglycerides and AST) were also independently associated with circulating B12. In a similar multiple regression AST was the only independent obesity-related marker associated with serum folate (beta (95% CI) = 0.16 (0.21, 0.51)) Conclusion In conclusion, our study has replicated the previous Indian findings of associations between lower serum B12 and higher obesity and insulin resistance during pregnancy in a non-diabetic White British population. These findings may have important implications for fetal and maternal health in obese pregnancies.
Intrinsic association between diet and the gut microbiome: current evidence; The gut microbiome performs many crucial functions for the human host, but the molecular mechanisms by which host, microbe, and diet interact to mediate health and disease are only starting to be revealed. Here, we review the literature on how changes in the diet affect the microbiome. A number of studies have shown that within a geographic region, different diets (such as vegan vs omnivore) are associated with differences in a modest number of taxa, but do not reliably produce radical differences within the gut microbial community. In contrast, studies that look across continents consistently find profoundly different microbial communities between Westernized and traditional populations, although it remains unclear to what extent diet or other differences in lifestyle drive these distinct microbial community structures. Furthermore, studies that place subjects on controlled short-term experimental diets have found the resulting alterations to the gut microbial community to generally be small in scope, with changes that do not overcome initial individual differences in microbial community structure. These results emphasize that the human gut microbial community is relatively stable over time. In contrast, short-term changes in diet can cause large changes in metabolite profiles, including metabolites processed by the gut microbial community. These results suggest that commensal gut microbes have a great deal of genetic plasticity and can activate different metabolic pathways independent of changes to microbial community composition. Thus, future studies of how the diet impacts host health via the microbiome may wish to focus on functional assays such as transcriptomics and metabolomics, in addition to 16S rRNA and whole-genome metagenome shotgun analyses of DNA. Taken together, the literature is most consistent with a model in which the composition of the adult gut microbial community undergoes modest compositional changes in response to altered diet but can nonetheless respond very rapidly to dietary changes via up- or downregulation of metabolic pathways that can have profound and immediate consequences for host health.
Benefits of traditional diets: current understanding; Metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, cardiovascular, cancer and other problems are major problems. Using traditional diets people had scanty food, rich in fiber, based on rye, oats, potatoes, roots, berries and local fruits, fish and fermented milk. Lipid consumption was low. Aim of this article is to give an overview on the present knowledge on the health benefits of traditional diet components with special emphasis of North Europe. By readopting previous traditional diets or its up-to-dated derivatives significant health benefits can be obtained. In conclusion many traditional components can be called physiologically functional foods i.e. the health claims have been substantiated already by research.
Regulation of metabolic health by essential dietary amino acids; Although the beneficial effects of calorie restriction (CR) on health and aging were first observed a century ago, the specific macronutrients and molecular processes that mediate the effect of CR have been heavily debated. Recently, it has become clear that dietary protein plays a key role in regulating both metabolic health and longevity, and that both the quantity and quality - the specific amino acid composition - of dietary protein mediates metabolic health. Here, we discuss recent findings in model organisms ranging from yeast to mice and humans regarding the influence of dietary protein as well as specific amino acids on metabolic health, and the physiological and molecular mechanisms which may mediate these effects. We then discuss recent findings which suggest that the restriction of specific dietary amino acids may be a potent therapy to treat or prevent metabolic syndrome. Finally, we discuss the potential for dietary restriction of specific amino acids - or pharmaceuticals which harness these same mechanisms - to promote healthy aging.
Lack of negative autocorrelations of daily food intake on successive days challenges the concept of the regulation of body weight in humans; According to most theories, the amount of food consumed on one day should be negatively related to intake on subsequent days. Several studies have observed such a negative correlation between the amount consumed on one day and the amount consumed two to four days later. The present study attempted to replicate this observation by re-examining data from a previous study where all food ingested over a 30-day observation period was measured. Nine male and seven female participants received a vegan diet prepared, dispensed, and measured in a metabolic unit. Autocorrelations were performed on total food intake consume on one day and that consumed one to five days later. A significant positive correlation was detected between the weight of food eaten on one day and on the amount consumed on the following day (r = 0.29, 95% CI [0.37, 0.20]). No correlation was found between weights of food consumed on one day and up to twelve days later (r = 0.09, 95% CI [0.24, -0.06]), (r = 0.11, 95% CI [0.26, -0.0.26]) (r = 0.02, 95% CI [0.15, -0.7]) (r = -0.08, 95% CI [0.11, -0.09]). The same positive correlation with the previous day's intake was observed at the succeeding breakfast but not at either lunch or dinner. However, the participants underestimated their daily energy need resulting in a small, but statistically significant weight loss. Daily food intake increased slightly (13 g/day), but significantly, across the 30-day period. An analysis of the previous studies revealed that the negative correlations observed by others was caused by a statistical artifact resulting from normalizing data before testing for the correlations. These results, when combined with the published literature, indicate that there is little evidence that humans precisely compensate for the previous day's intake by altering the amount consumed on subsequent days. Moreover, the small but persistent increase in food intake suggests that physiological mechanisms that affect food intake operate more subtly and over much longer periods of time than the meal or even total daily intake. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Nuts in the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome; Nuts are rich in many bioactive compounds that can exert beneficial effects on cardiovascular health. We reviewed the evidence relating nut consumption and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components. Nuts reduce the postprandial glycemic response; however, long-term trials of nuts on insulin resistance and glycemic control in diabetic individuals are inconsistent. Epidemiologic studies have shown that nuts may lower the risk of diabetes incidence in women. Few studies have assessed the association between nuts and abdominal obesity, although an inverse association with body mass index and general obesity has been observed. Limited evidence suggests that nuts have a protective effect on blood pressure and endothelial function. Nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect, but the relation between nuts and hypertriglyceridemia and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol is not well established. A recent pooled analysis of clinical trials showed that nuts are inversely related to triglyceride concentrations only in subjects with hypertriglyceridemia. An inverse association was found between the frequency of nut consumption and the prevalence and the incidence of MetS. Several trials evaluated the effect of nuts on subjects with MetS and found that they may have benefits in some components. Compared with a low-fat diet, a Mediterranean diet enriched with nuts could be beneficial for MetS management. The protective effects on metabolism could be explained by the modulation of inflammation and oxidation. Further trials are needed to clarify the role of nuts in MetS prevention and treatment.
Plausible mechanisms for the protectiveness of whole grains; Dietary guidelines recommend the consumption of whole grains to prevent chronic diseases. Epidemiologic studies support the theory that whole grains are protective against cancer, especially gastrointestinal cancers such as gastric and colon cancer, and cardiovascular disease. Components in whole grains that may be protective include compounds that affect the gut environment, such as dietary fiber, resistant starch, and oligosaccharides. Whole grains are also rich in compounds that function as antioxidants, such as trace minerals and phenolic compounds, and phytoestrogens, with potential hormonal effects. Other potential mechanisms whereby whole grains may protect against disease include binding of carcinogens and modulation of the glycemic response. Clearly, the range of protective substances in whole grains is impressive and advice to consume additional whole grains is justified. Further study is needed regarding the mechanisms behind this protection so that the most potent protective components of whole grains will be maintained when developing whole grains into acceptable food products for the public.
Adherence to a behavioral weight loss treatment program enhances weight loss and improvements in biomarkers; Objectives: To describe participants' adherence to multiple components (attendance, energy intake, fat gram, exercise goals, and self-monitoring eating and exercise behaviors) of a standard behavioral treatment program (SBT) for weight loss and how adherence to these components may influence weight loss and biomarkers (triglycerides, low density lipoproteins [LDL], high density lipoprotein, and insulin) during the intensive and less-intensive intervention phases. Methods: A secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial consisting of a SBT with either fat-restricted standard or lacto-ovo vegetarian diet. The 12-month intervention was delivered in 33 group sessions. The first six months reflected the intensive phase; the second six months, the less-intensive intervention phase. We conducted the analysis without regard to treatment assignment. Eligible participants included overweight/obese adults (N = 176; mean body mass index = 34.0 kg/m(2)). The sample was 86.9% female, 70.5% White, and 44.4 +/- 8.6 years old. The outcome measures included weight and biomarkers. Results: There was a significant decline in adherence to each treatment component over time (P < 0.0001). In the first six months, adherence to attendance, self-monitoring and the energy goal were significantly associated with greater weight loss (P < 0.05). Adherence to attendance and exercise remained significantly associated with weight loss in the second six months (P < 0.05). Adherence to attendance, self-monitoring and exercise had indirect effects through weight loss on LDL, triglycerides, and insulin (P < 0.05). Conclusions: We observed a decline in adherence to each treatment component as the intervention intensity was reduced. Adherence to multiple treatment components was associated with greater weight loss and improvements in biomarkers. Future research needs to focus on improving and maintaining adherence to all components of the treatment protocol to promote weight loss and maintenance.
HEALTH BENEFITS AND PRACTICAL ASPECTS OF HIGH-FIBER DIETS; Over the past 20 y dietary fiber has emerged as a leading dietary factor in the prevention and treatment of chronic diseases. High fiber intakes are associated with lower serum cholesterol concentrations, lower risk of coronary heart disease, reduced blood pressure, enhanced weight control, better glycemic control, reduced risk of certain forms of cancer, and improved gastrointestinal function. Dietary fiber can be categorized into water-soluble and water-insoluble components. Dried beans, oat products, and certain fruits and vegetables are good sources of soluble fiber. Most plant foods are good sources of insoluble fiber and wheat bran is a concentrated form of insoluble fiber. Current guidelines advise a doubling of dietary fiber intake for Americans. Inclusion of ample servings of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, and dried beans and peas will help individuals meet these guidelines.
Fasting: Molecular Mechanisms and Clinical Applications; Fasting has been practiced for millennia, but, only recently, studies have shed light on its role in adaptive cellular responses that reduce oxidative damage and inflammation, optimize energy metabolism, and bolster cellular protection. In lower eukaryotes, chronic fasting extends longevity, in part, by reprogramming metabolic and stress resistance pathways. In rodents intermittent or periodic fasting protects against diabetes, cancers, heart disease, and neurodegeneration, while in humans it helps reduce obesity, hypertension, asthma, and rheumatoid arthritis. Thus, fasting has the potential to delay aging and help prevent and treat diseases while minimizing the side effects caused by chronic dietary interventions.
Nutrition and Lifestyle for a Healthy Pregnancy; Nutrition and lifestyle factors can maximize health in pregnancy and lower future risk of disease for both mother and fetus. Education can make a big difference for patients in pregnancy outcomes, anxiety, and future health. Pregnancy is a time when attention to proper weight gain can reduce the risk of future obesity, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. There is mounting evidence that fetal "programming" for future risk of disease begins in utero and varies with nutritional exposures during different times of pregnancy, although the exact mechanisms remain to be elucidated. It is clear that a few simple precautions and enhancements of diet and lifestyle can prevent birth defects and perinatal infections and may reduce future health risks. Exercise in pregnancy is safe and should be encouraged for healthy women.
Hypertension research in the 21st century: where is the gold?; This paper presents a signpost for hypertension research, emphasizing areas most likely to yield major clinical and public health benefits. Specific questions are posed in the context of fetal and maternal precursors of cardiovascular disease, vascular biology, resistant hypertension, antihypertensive drugs, primary aldosteronism, lifestyle and genetic interactions and translational research. Worldwide increasing rates of obesity and diabetes demonstrate the need for a global approach to cardiovascular risk and the need for more effective use of existing knowledge. Equal emphasis is given to the critical importance of the fundamental research required to defeat hypertensive cardiovascular disease in the long run. (C) 2004 Lippincott Williams Wilkins.
Fruit and vegetable consumption and risk factors for cardiovascular disease; The international guidelines issued by the World Health Organization recommed reduction in dietary saturated fat and cholesterol intakes as means to prevent hypercholesterolemia and cardiovascular disease (CVD); however, only limited data are available on the benefits of fruit and vegetable consumption on CVD risk factors in a community-based population. The aim of this study was to examine whether, and to what extent, intake of fruits and vegetables is inversely associated with CVD risk factors in adults. In this population-based cross-sectional study, a representative sample of 840 Tehranian adults (male and female) aged 18 to 74 years was randomly selected in 1998. Multivariate logistic regression adjusted for lifestyle and nutritional confounders was used in 2 models. After adjusting for confounders, dietary fruit and vegetable were found to be significantly and inversely associated with CVD risk factors. Adjusted odds ration for high low-density lipoprotein concentrations were 1.00, 0.88, and 0.75 (P fo trend < .01) in the first model, which was adjusted for age, sex, keys score, body mass index, energy intake, smoking status, dietary cholesterol, and history of diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease, a trend which was not appreciable altered by additional adjustment for education, physical activity, and saturated, polyunsaturated, and total fat intakes. This association was observed across categories of smoking status, physical activity, and tertiles of the Keys score. Exclusion of subjects with prevalent diabetes mellitus or coronary artery disease did not alter these results significantly. Consumption of fruits and vegetables is associated with lower concentrations of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and with the risk of CVD per se in a dose-response manner. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Consumption of special diet among Finnish adolescents in 1979-2001:: repeated national cross-sectional surveys; Objective: To study consumption of special diet (disease-related and non disease-related) among Finnish adolescents during 1979-2001. Methods: Self-administered questionnaires were mailed to nationally representative samples of 12- (except in 1979), 14-, 16-, and 18-year-olds in 1979, 1993, 1997, 1999 and 2001. Results: The total number of respondents was 33998. The response rate declined from 78% in 1979 to 70% in 2001. Consumption of special diet increased from 1979 to 2001: in 14-year-old girls from 4% to 24%, boys from 1% to 12%; 16-year-old girls from 5% to 29%, boys from 3% to 11%; and 18-year-old girls from 9% to 30%, boys from 3% to 16%. An increase was observed both in the consumption of disease-related diets (diabetic, lactose intolerance, allergies), and in non disease-related diets (weight reducing, sports and body-building, vegetarianism, other). Conclusions: Adherence to special diet is partly explained by an increased prevalence of certain diseases (lactose intolerance, allergies, diabetes). Increase in vegetarianisms and diets related to body weight or shape are most likely explained by fads, ideals created by media, and by growing ecological awareness.
Population groups at risk of zinc deficiency in Australia and New Zealand; Aim: Although the adverse health consequences of zinc deficiency are becoming increasingly well known internationally, few studies have investigated zinc status in Australia and New Zealand. The aim of this review was to identify which population groups, if any, in Australia and New Zealand are likely to be at risk of zinc deficiency. Methods: A literature review was conducted to identify papers on zinc status in Australasia using electronic databases (MEDLINE, BIOSIS Previews, CINAHL, EMBASE, Web of Knowledge, ProQuest and Cochrane Library). Government databases and reference lists from peer-reviewed journal articles were also accessed. Results: Thirty-one Australasian studies that measured dietary zinc intake and/or serum zinc were identified. Many were based on a small number of self-selected subjects, and did not use the recommended procedures for evaluating the prevalence of inadequate zinc intakes and low serum zinc concentrations. Existing data suggest that at-risk groups in Australasia are toddlers, adolescents (especially those of Pacific and Aboriginal ethnicities), institutionalised elderly and possibly people with diabetes. Conclusions: Data on the zinc status of selected population groups in Australasia are limited. Randomised controlled zinc supplementation trials that include the recommended indicators and other clinical outcomes are needed to confirm the existence of zinc-related health outcomes among the at-risk groups identified.
The relation between vitamin B12 and SYNTAX score; Background: Vitamin B12 is required in the metabolism of homocysteine. Vitamin B12 deficiency has been implicated in endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease via hyperhomocysteinaemia. However, the association of vitamin B12 and the severity of coronary artery disease has not been studied to date. Aim: This study was conducted with the aim of evaluating the relationship between vitamin B12 and SYNTAX score. Methods: Medical records of consecutive patients who underwent coronary artery bypass grafting surgery were retrospectively reviewed. The study group consisted of 127 patients. Vitamin B12, other biochemical parameters, clinical and echocardiographic parameters, and SYNTAX score were evaluated for all patients. Results: Patients with vitamin B12 deficiency had a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as diabetes mellitus, and history of transient ischaemic attack/stroke and heart failure. The SYNTAX score was significantly higher in patients with vitamin B12 deficiency (29.2 +/- 4.9 vs. 22.5 +/- 4.5, p < 0.05). Conclusions: In our study, we found a significant relationship between vitamin B12 deficiency and SYNTAX score, demonstrating the severity and complexity of coronary artery disease.
Gut Prevotella as a possible biomarker of diet and its eubiotic versus dysbiotic roles: a comprehensive literature review; The gut microbiota has a profound impact on human health. Emerging data show that dietary patterns are associated with different communities of bacterial species within the gut. Prevotella species have been correlated with plant-rich diets, abundant in carbohydrates and fibres. Dysbiosis within the gut ecosystem has been associated with the development of non-communicable diseases such as obesity, the metabolic syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease, irritable bowel syndrome, colorectal cancer, type 1 diabetes, allergies and other diseases. The purpose of this comprehensive literature review was to evaluate the available data on the impact of diet on the Prevotella genus, as a dietary fibre fermenter in the gut as well as its implications as a potential biomarker for homeostasis or disease state through its metabolite signature. Studies were identified by conducting PubMed, Web of Science Core Collection and Google Scholar electronic searches. We found eighty-five publications reporting the impact of dietary patterns on gut microbial communities, including Prevotella or Prevotella/Bacteroides ratio in particular. Moreover, the role of Prevotella species on health status was also evaluated. Prevotella possess a high genetic diversity, representing one of the important groups found in the oral cavity and large intestine of man. The gut commensal Prevotella bacteria contribute to polysaccharide breakdown, being dominant colonisers of agrarian societies. However, studies also suggested a potential role of Prevotella species as intestinal pathobionts. Further metagenomic studies are needed in order to reveal health- or disease-modulating properties of Prevotella species in the gut.
Lifestyle Strategies for Risk Factor Reduction, Prevention, and Treatment of Cardiovascular Disease; Daily habits and actions powerfully affect the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), in general, and coronary heart disease, in particular. Regular physical activity, sound nutrition, weight management, and not smoking cigarettes have all been demonstrated to significantly reduce the risk of CVD. In 2 large cohort studies a reduction of risk of CVD of >80% and diabetes >90% were demonstrated in individuals who followed a cluster of these lifestyle practices. The study of the impact of lifestyle factors on CVD risk has coalesced under the framework of "lifestyle medicine." Despite the overwhelming evidence that lifestyle factors affect CVD, a distinct minority of individuals are following these practices. The American Heart Association estimates that only 5% of individuals follow all of these lifestyle factors as components of a strategy to achieve "ideal" cardiovascular health. The challenge to the medical and health care communities is to more aggressively incorporate this information into the daily practices of medicine.
Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in maternal and infant nutrition; Homo sapiens has evolved on a diet rich in alpha-linolenic acid and long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCP). We have, however, gradually changed our diet from about 10,000 years ago and accelerated this change from about 100 to 200 years ago. The many dietary changes, including lower intake of omega 3-fatty acids, are related to 'typically Western'. diseases. After a brief introduction in essential fatty acids (EFA), LCP and their functions, this contribution discusses our present low status of notably LCP omega 3 in the context of our rapidly changing diet within an evolutionary short time frame. It then focuses on the consequences in pregnancy, lactation and neonatal nutrition, as illustrated by some recent data from our group. We discuss the concept of a 'relative' EFA/LCP deficiency in the fetus as the outcome of high transplacental glucose flux. This flux may in the fetus augment de novo synthesis of fatty acids, which not only dilutes transplacentally transported EFA/LCP, but also causes competition of de novo, synthesized oleic acid with linoleic acid for delta-6 desaturation. Such conditions were encountered by us in mothers with high body mass indices, diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. The unifying factor might be compromised glucose homeostasis. In search of the milk arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) contents of our African ancestors, we investigated women in Tanzania with high intakes of freshwater fish as only animal lipid source. These women had milk AA and DHA contents that were well above present recommendations for infant formulae. Both studies stimulate rethinking of 'optimal homeostasis'. Subtle signs of dysbalanced maternal glucose homeostasis may be important and observations from current Western societies may not provide us with an adequate basis for dietary recommendations. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
International variability in diet and requirements of manganese: Causes and consequences; Manganese (Mn) is an essential trace element that is critical for human health and development. At the turn of the century when diets were based on whole grains, cereals and other traditional foods, Mn intakes (8-9 mg/d) were much greater than that prevalent today (2 mg/d). As societies have developed, diets have shifted as part of a nutrition transition, to those that are high in processed foods, fat, and sugar. These foods are virtually devoid of Mn. Thus, dietary Mn has declined substantially throughout the world, as confirmed by several wide-scale, total diet studies. International variability in dietary Mn is considerable, due to tremendous diversity in food and culture. In countries where fruit and vegetable intake may be limited, i.e. the United Kingdom, populations may ingest much lower levels of Mn (1.4 mg/d) as compared to Asian cultures (4 mg/d) which have an abundance of plant foods in their food supply and cuisine. The bioavailability of Mn must be considered, including chemical form, oxidation state, mineral-mineral interactions, presence of dietary components and traditional food processing techniques (milling, germination, malting, fermentation). Manganese toxicity is a public health problem that results from exposure to a naturally high water source or contaminated environment of the soil and/or drinking water. In contrast, inadequate intake is associated with adverse health effects such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, poor birth outcomes and possibly, cancer. Future studies are recommended to set dietary standards for this mineral in countries that lack recommendations to help achieve optimal health. (C) 2016 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.
Association between empirically derived dietary patterns with blood lipids, fasting blood glucose and blood pressure in adults - the India migration study; Background: Dietary patterns (DPs) in India are heterogenous. To date, data on association of indigenous DPs in India with risk factors of nutrition-related noncommunicable diseases (cardiovascular disease and diabetes), leading causes of premature death and disability, are limited. We aimed to evaluate the associations of empirically-derived DPs with blood lipids, fasting glucose and blood pressure levels in an adult Indian population recruited across four geographical regions of India. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from the Indian Migration Study (2005-2007). Study participants included urban migrants, their rural siblings and urban residents and their urban siblings from Lucknow, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bangalore (n = 7067, mean age 40.8 yrs). Information on diet (validated interviewer-administered, 184-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire), tobacco consumption, alcohol intake, physical activity, medical history, as well as anthropometric measurements were collected. Fasting-blood samples were collected for estimation of blood lipids and glucose. Principal component analysis (PCA) was used to identify major DPs based on eigenvalue> 1 and component interpretability. Robust standard error multivariable linear regression models were used to investigate the association of DPs (tertiles) with total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides, fasting-blood glucose (FBG), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP) levels. Results: Three major DPs were identified: 'cereal-savoury' (cooked grains, rice/rice-based dishes, snacks, condiments, soups, nuts), 'fruit-vegetable-sweets-snacks' (Western cereals, vegetables, fruit, fruit juices, cooked milk products, snacks, sugars, sweets) and 'animal food' (red meat, poultry, fish/seafood, eggs) patterns. High intake of the 'animal food' pattern was positively associated with levels of TC (beta = 0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.17 mmol/L; p-trend = 0.013); LDL-C (beta = 0.07 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.004, 0.14 mmol/L; p-trend = 0.041); HDL-C (beta = 0.02 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.004, 0.04 mmol/L; p-trend = 0.016), FBG: (beta = 0.09 mmol/L; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.16 mmol/L; p-trend = 0.021) SBP (beta = 1.2 mm/Hg; 95% CI: 0.1, 2.3 mm/Hg; p-trend = 0.032); DBP: (beta = 0.9 mm/Hg; 95% CI: 0.2, 1.5 mm/Hg; p-trend = 0.013). The 'cereal-savoury' and ' fruit-vegetable-sweets-snacks' patterns showed no association with any parameter except for a positive association with diastolic blood pressure for high intake of 'fruits-vegetables-sweets-snacks' pattern. Conclusion: Our results indicate positive associations of the 'animal food' pattern with cardio-metabolic risk factors in India. Further longitudinal assessments of dietary patterns in India are required to validate the findings.
Psychiatric manifestations of vitamin B12 deficiency: a case report; Psychiatric manifestations are frequently associated with pernicious anemia including depression, mania, psychosis, dementia. We report a case of a patient with vitamin B12 deficiency, who has presented severe depression with delusion and Capgras' syndrome, delusion with lability of mood and hypomania successively, during a period of two months. Case report - Mme V., a 64-year-old woman, was admitted to the hospital because of confusion. She had no history of psychiatric problems. She had history of diabetes, hypertension and femoral prothesis. The red blood count revealed a normocytosis with anemia (hemoglobin = 11, 4 g/dl), At admission she was uncooperative, disoriented in time and presented memory and attention impairment and sleep disorders. She seemed sad and older than her real age. Facial expression and spontaneous movements were reduced, her speech and movements were very slow. She had depressed mood, guilt complex, incurability and devaluation impressions. She had a Capgras' syndrome and delusion of persecution. Her neurologic examination, cerebral scanner and EEG were postponed because of uncooperation. Further investigations confirmed anemia (hemoglobin = 11, 4 g/dl) and revealed vitamin B12 deficiency (52 pmol/l) and normal folate level. Antibodies to parietal cells were positive in the serum and antibodies to intrinsic factor were negative. An iron deficiency was associated (serum iron = 7 micromol/l; serum ferritin concentration = 24 mg/l; serum transferin concentration = 3,16 g/l). This association explained normocytocis anemia. Thyroid function, hepatic and renal tests, glycemia, TP, TCA, VS, VDRL-TPHA were normal. Vitamin B12 replacement therapy was started with hydroxycobalamin 1000 ng/day im for 10 days and iron replacement therapy. Her mental state improved dramatically within a few days. After one week of treatment the only remaining symptoms were lability of mood, delusion of persecution, Capgras' syndrome but disappeared totally 9 days after the beginning of the treatment. A neurologic examination was possible because of cooperation. All the tendon reflexes of inferior members were absent. The plantars were in flexion and there was a left inferior member hypoesthesia. The cerebral scan and EEG were normal. Fundic biopsy, realized by fibroscopy, revealed fundic atrophia and intestinal metaplasia compatible with Biermers' disease. The iron deficiency exploration concluded diet deficiency. Mme V. appeared euphoric, her speech was very rapid with play on words and overactivity, This hypomania state totally disappeared 3 days after. Six months after her hospitalisation, she presented an hypothyroidism, (TSH = 3,780; T3 = 1, 35; T4 = 1, 08). A thyroid hormones replacement was started and she continued to receive monthly B12 replacement Discussion - This case report illustrates psychiatric manifestations of Biermers' disease. The clinical arguments in favour are: white woman, more than 60 years old, no history of psychiatric problems, atypical symptoms (confusional state with psychiatric symptoms), fluctuation of symptoms (severe depression with confusional state, delusion of persecution and Capgras' syndrome; delusion with lability of mood and hypomania), dramatic improvement after 9 days of vitamin B12 replacement therapy. The biological arguments are : anemia, vitamin B 12 deficiency, normal folate level, atrophia and fundic metaplasia, positive antibodies to parietal cells in the serum, association between Biermers' disease and autoimmune disease (Haschimoto thyroidite). Psychiatric manifestations can occur in the presence of low serum B12 levels but in the absen Mental or psychological changes may precede haematological signs by months or years. They can be the initial symptoms or the only ones. Verbank et al. described the case of a patient with vitamin B12 deficiency in whom hypomania, paranoia and depression had been successively presented during a period of 5 years before anemia have been developed. The case of Mme V. is similar in the succession of severe depression with delusion of persecution and Capgras' syndrome, delusion with lability of mood and hypomania, during a period of two months. This report seems to be the first one of a sequence of several psychiatric states with pernicious anemia during a period of two months with normocytosis anemia. To illustrate this illness we reviewed the literature regarding psychopathology associated with B12 deficiency. The most common psychiatric symptoms were depression, mania, psychotic symptoms, cognitive impairment and obsessive compulsive disorder. The neuropsychiatric severity by vitamin B 12 deficiency and the therapeutic efficacy depends on the duration of signs and symptoms. Conclusion - We recommend consideration of B 12 deficiency and serum B 12 determinations in all the patients with organic mental disorders, atypical psychiatric symptoms and fluctuation of symptomatology. B12 levels should be evaluated with treatment resistant depressive disorders, dementia, psychosis or risk factors for malnutrition such as alcoholism or advancing age associated with neurological symptoms, anemia, malabsorption, gastrointestinal surgery, parasite infestation or strict vegetarian diet. In first intention, B 12 deficiency should be researched by serum B 12 determination (normal 200-950 pg/ml). Studies of methylmalonic acid and homocysteine showed that they are very sensitive functional indicators of cobalamin status especially when other evidence of cobalamin (B12) deficiency was equivocal. Measurement of methylmalonic acid (normal 73271 nmol/l) and homocysteine (normal 5,4-13,9 micromol/l) should not replace the measurement of serum cobalamin.
Diet quality and risk factors for cardiovascular disease among South Asians in Alberta; South Asians have a higher prevalence of early onset cardiovascular disease risk compared with other populations. Dietary intake is a modifiable risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Dietary patterns in immigrants and successive generations of South Asians settled in Western countries undergo adaptions. Little is known about the dietary intake of South Asians in Alberta, thus the objective of the present study was to describe the dietary patterns among South Asians and their risks for cardiovascular diseases. A retrospective analysis of data collected from 140 South Asian adults participating in the Alberta's Tomorrow Project was conducted. Dietary intake was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire and the Healthy Eating Index (HEI) was used an indicator of overall diet quality and adherence to dietary recommendations made by Health Canada. Central obesity (70%), hypercholesterolemia (27%), and hypertension (14%) were predominant health conditions observed in the study participants. About 56% and 44% of participants obtained moderate and poor HEI scores, respectively. The diet quality of the majority of participants was inadequate to meet macro- and micronutrient intake recommendations. The high prevalence of poor/moderate diet quality and pre-existing chronic health conditions across all body mass index groups is a cause for concern in this population.
Collaborative platform development in nutrition as support for cardiovascular patients' rehabilitation; Introduction. Enrollment of patients with cardiovascular disease in rehabilitation programs may contribute to implementation of a healthy lifestyle, including by promotion of a diet adequate for each patient's profile. In this context, the current study is aimed at creating a traffic light system model allowing to obtain the development, innovation and diversification of menus and to improve the nutritional programs for this category of patients. Material and method. Based on the data provided by USDA Food Composition Databases, the composition in terms of different nutritive principles was determined for each ingredient and for each final menu. Comparison of menus depending on each nutritive principle, as well as comparison between menus and nutrient requirements according to indications for patients attending cardiovascular rehabilitation programs was made. Results. The traffic light system was developed, using color codes, comparing daily nutrient requirements with preparations' content. Conclusions. The major benefit of the traffic light system would reside in the fact that starting from classic menus, an intervention on these can be achieved, and healthier, more nutritionally balanced models can be created, according to healthy nutrition principles. These new menus will be calorically and nutritionally adapted for patients attending cardiovascular rehabilitation programs.
Review: Nutrient density and nutritional value of meat products and non-meat foods high in protein; Background: Dietary protein, particularly essential amino acids, is important in the adult diet to help the body repair and regenerate cells and is important in the diet of children and adolescents for growth and development. In recent years, consumers are becoming more diverse when choosing foods to consume. Specifically, there is an increase around the world in the population of people who choose to consume a non-meat diet, and eat non-meat foods as their source of protein. Scope and Approach: This review focused on comparing nutrient density and nutritional value (based on US dollars) of meat products and non-meat foods high in protein. Twenty-five meat products (beef, pork, lamb, and poultry), six fish products, and eighteen non-meat foods were compared for nutrient composition. Nutrient composition information was used to assign value based on nutrient density. Nutrient cost was expressed in nutrients available per US dollar and prices were assessed from the USDA economic research service and the USDA agricultural marketing service when available, and with a marketplace assessment when information was unavailable otherwise. Key Findings and Conclusions: Consideration needs to be made when replacing meat in the diet with non meat foods, because most non-meat foods contain only 20-60% protein density of meat. Additionally, when protein cost was evaluated, meat and non-meat foods had a similar cost when expressed as grams of protein/US dollar. While the total amount of zinc and iron was similar in meat and some non-meat foods, more investigation of digestibility and availability of nutrients is warranted. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
SOY OF DIETARY SOURCE PLAYS A PREVENTIVE ROLE AGAINST THE PATHOGENESIS OF PROSTATITIS IN RATS; This study examined the effects of diet on the development of prostatitis in male rats. Adult male rats were placed on either of two specially formulated diets which differed from one another by the presence or absence of soy as the protein source. A third group of rats (control) was fed standard laboratory rat chow which also includes soy as a source of protein. After 11 weeks, it was found that rats maintained on soy-free diet developed prostatitis mainly in the lateral lobe of the prostate. Increased severity and incidence of prostatitis in rats maintained on the soy-free diet coincided with a significant decrease in urinary excretion of various phytoestrogens. There was no evidence of prostatitis in rats maintained on soy-containing diets. Urinary excretion of phytoestrogens in rats maintained on soy-containing diet was also not different from controls. These results suggest that soy as a dietary source plays a protective role against the development of prostatitis in rats, and indicate that the ventral, lateral and dorsal lobes of the rat prostate have different sensitivities to alterations in dietary factors.
TISSUE TAURINE CONTENT, ACTIVITY OF TAURINE SYNTHESIS ENZYMES AND CONJUGATED BILE-ACID COMPOSITION OF TAURINE-DEPRIVED AND TAURINE-SUPPLEMENTED RHESUS-MONKEY INFANTS AT 6 AND 12 MO OF AGE; Concentrations of taurine were measured in a number of tissues from rhesus monkeys fed a taurine-free human infant formula with or without taurine supplementation for 6 mo and 12 mo.  At 6 mo, tissue taurine content was significantly greater in the monkeys supplemented with taurine, but by 12 mo, there was no longer a significant difference.  Activities of enzymes involved in taurine biosynthesis did not differ between the groups at any age.  There was no difference in biliary bile acid class composition between the groups, but the proportion of bile acids conjugated with taurine reflected the tissue taurine content (i.e., was significantly greater in monkeys supplemented with taurine at 6 mo).  This difference also disappeared by 12 mo.  These results indicate that dependence on dietary sources of taurine persists for at least the first 6 mo but declines by 12 mo.  Thus, dietary taurine content is reflected in the tissue taurine content and proportion of bile acids conjugated with taurine in infant rhesus monkeys at least until 6 mo of age, but the body taurine status in animals 12 mo old or older is not an indicator of previous status.
Quantitative analysis of, the principle soy isoflavones genistein, daidzein and glycitein, and their primary conjugated metabolites in human plasma and urine using reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection; Soy isoflavones are becoming of increasing interest as nutritional agents which can be used to combat osteoporosis and hyperlipidemia, and are also being considered as potential cancer chemopreventive compounds. However, prior to their formulation and distribution as therapeutic agents, thorough pharmacokinetic and toxicological assessment needs to be completed in men and women in a variety of health conditions in order to ensure their therapeutic efficacy and safety. At this time, studies of purified soy isoflavones are possible, and are being designed to fully evaluate the pharmacological utility of these preparations. In support of these studies, quantitative analysis of soy isoflavones in biological fluids can be accomplished with a wide variety of methods and analytical instrumentation. However, the relatively ubiquitous presence of high-performance liquid chromatography with ultraviolet detection (HPLC-UV) in most analytical laboratories, the relative ease of its operation, and the lesser expense of this instrumentation as compared to more sophisticated techniques such as liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry, offers some distinct advantages for its use in pharmacokinetic studies. In this manuscript, the development and validation of an HPLC-UV method for the quantitation of the prinicipal soy isoflavones,,genistein, daidzein, and glycitein, and their primary metabolites, in human plasma and urine is described. This analytical approach allows for pharmacologically relevant concentrations of the analytes and their principle metabolites to be detected, and has been validated in close agreement with the US Food and Drug Administration's guidelines for the validation of methods to be used in support of pharmacokinetic studies. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Characteristics of fasting users among internal medicine patients in Germany; Aim: The aim of this cross-sectional analysis was to identify sociodemographic, and health related predictors for fasting use among patients of a large integrative internal medicine ward. Methods: A cross-sectional analysis was conducted among patients being referred to a hospital for internal and integrative medicine. Patients' ever-use of fasting for their primary medical complaint and their perceptions of benefit and harm were assessed. The potential predictors of fasting use included sociodemographic characteristics, health behaviour, internal medicine diagnosis, health, satisfaction with health, and health locus of control; and they were analysed using multiple logistic regression analysis. Results: Of 2144 respondents, 15.8% reported having used fasting, with 61.2% reporting perceived benefits and 3.9% harms due to use. Fasting use was positively associated with higher education, being diagnosed with osteoarthritis or fibromyalgia and regular fast food use, while patients with inflammatory bowel diseases, smokers, alcohol abstinent people and those with a high external social health locus of control were less likely to use fasting. A good health status and high internal locus of control were positively associated with the perception of fasting as helpful, while part-time employment, being diagnosed with inflammatory bowel diseases and being alcohol abstinent were negatively associated with perceived helpfulness. Conclusion: There is significant use of therapeutic fasting by integrative medicine patients in Germany, with high self-reported benefit and low self-reported harms. Use of fasting by patients was not related to evidence of efficacy of fasting for their condition, with other factors being more predictive of fasting use. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolomics Analytics Workflow for Epidemiological Research: Perspectives from the Consortium of Metabolomics Studies (COMETS); The application of metabolomics technology to epidemiological studies is emerging as a new approach to elucidate disease etiology and for biomarker discovery. However, analysis of metabolomics data is complex and there is an urgent need for the standardization of analysis workflow and reporting of study findings. To inform the development of such guidelines, we conducted a survey of 47 cohort representatives from the Consortium of Metabolomics Studies (COMETS) to gain insights into the current strategies and procedures used for analyzing metabolomics data in epidemiological studies worldwide. The results indicated a variety of applied analytical strategies, from biospecimen and data pre-processing and quality control to statistical analysis and reporting of study findings. These strategies included methods commonly used within the metabolomics community and applied in epidemiological research, as well as novel approaches to pre-processing pipelines and data analysis. To help with these discrepancies, we propose use of open-source initiatives such as the online web-based tool COMETS Analytics, which includes helpful tools to guide analytical workflow and the standardized reporting of findings from metabolomics analyses within epidemiological studies. Ultimately, this will improve the quality of statistical analyses, research findings, and study reproducibility.
Nutrition and fasting mimicking diets in the prevention and treatment of autoimmune diseases and immunosenescence; Complex and coordinated signals are necessary to initiate and sustain the activation, proliferation, and differentiation of lymphocytes. These signals, which are known to determine T-cell fate and function, also depend on the metabolic state of the organism. Recent studies indicate that both the type and levels of nutrients can influence the generation, survival and function of lymphocytes and therefore can affect several autoimmune diseases. Here, we review the dysregulation of lymphocytes during autoimmunity and aging, the mechanisms associated with loss of immune function, and how fasting mimicking diets and other dietary interventions affect autoimmunity and immunosenescence. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Dyslipidaemia in nephrotic syndrome: mechanisms and treatment; Nephrotic syndrome is a highly prevalent disease that is associated with high morbidity despite notable advances in its treatment. Many of the complications of nephrotic syndrome, including the increased risk of atherosclerosis and thromboembolism, can be linked to dysregulated lipid metabolism and dyslipidaemia. These abnormalities include elevated plasma levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and the apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins VLDL and IDL; decreased lipoprotein lipase activity in the endothelium, muscle and adipose tissues; decreased hepatic lipase activity; and increased levels of the enzyme PCSK9. In addition, there is an increase in the plasma levels of immature HDL particles and reduced cholesterol efflux. Studies from the past few years have markedly improved our understanding of the molecular pathogenesis of nephrotic syndrome-associated dyslipidaemia, and also heightened our awareness of the associated exacerbated risks of cardiovascular complications, progressive kidney disease and thromboembolism. Despite the absence of clear guidelines regarding treatment, various strategies are being increasingly utilized, including statins, bile acid sequestrants, fibrates, nicotinic acid and ezetimibe, as well as lipid apheresis, which seem to also induce partial or complete clinical remission of nephrotic syndrome in a substantial percentage of patients. Future potential treatments will likely also include inhibition of PCSK9 using recently-developed anti-PCSK9 monoclonal antibodies and small inhibitory RNAs, as well as targeting newly identified molecular regulators of lipid metabolism that are dysregulated in nephrotic syndrome.
Dietary Intake Regulates the Circulating Inflammatory Monocyte Pool; Caloric restriction is known to improve inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. However, the mechanisms by which reduced caloric intake modulates inflammation are poorly understood. Here we show that short-term fasting reduced monocyte metabolic and inflammatory activity and drastically reduced the number of circulating monocytes. Regulation of peripheral monocyte numbers was dependent on dietary glucose and protein levels. Specifically, we found that activation of the low-energy sensor 5'-AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) in hepato-cytes and suppression of systemic CCL2 production by peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor alpha (PPAR alpha) reduced monocyte mobilization from the bone marrow. Importantly, we show that fasting improves chronic inflammatory diseases without compromising monocyte emergency mobilization during acute infectious inflammation and tissue repair. These results reveal that caloric intake and liver energy sensors dictate the blood and tissue immune tone and link dietary habits to inflammatory disease outcome.
