Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Vegetarian Diets.; It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that appropriately planned vegetarian, including vegan, diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits for the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. These diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, adolescence, older adulthood, and for athletes. Plant-based diets are more environmentally sustainable than diets rich in animal products because they use fewer natural resources and are associated with much less environmental damage. Vegetarians and vegans are at reduced risk of certain health conditions, including ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, certain types of cancer, and obesity. Low intake of saturated fat and high intakes of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, soy products, nuts, and seeds (all rich in fiber and phytochemicals) are characteristics of vegetarian and vegan diets that produce lower total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and better serum glucose control. These factors contribute to reduction of chronic disease. Vegans need reliable sources of vitamin B-12, such as fortified foods or supplements.
The Effects of Vegetarian and Vegan Diet during Pregnancy on the Health of Mothers and Offspring. LID - 10.3390/nu11030557 [doi] LID - 557; Vegetarian and vegan diets have increased worldwide in the last decades, according to the knowledge that they might prevent coronary heart disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes. Althought plant-based diets are at risk of nutritional deficiencies such as proteins, iron, vitamin D, calcium, iodine, omega-3, and vitamin B12, the available evidence shows that well planned vegetarian and vegan diets may be considered safe during pregnancy and lactation, but they require a strong awareness for a balanced intake of key nutrients. A review of the scientific literature in this field was performed, focusing specifically on observational studies in humans, in order to investigate protective effects elicited by maternal diets enriched in plant-derived foods and possible unfavorable outcomes related to micronutrients deficiencies and their impact on fetal development. A design of pregestational nutrition intervention is required in order to avoid maternal undernutrition and consequent impaired fetal growth. FAU - Sebastiani, Giorgia
Health benefits and risk associated with adopting a vegetarian diet.; A vegetarian diet may be adopted for various reasons that can include ecological, economic, religious, ethical and health considerations. In the latter case they arise from the desire to lose weight, in tackling obesity, improving physical fitness and/or in reducing the risk of acquiring certain diseases. It has been shown that properly applied vegetarian diet is the most effective way of reducing body mass (expressed as BMI), improving the plasma lipid profile and in decreasing the incidence of high arterial blood pressure, cardiovascular disease, stroke, metabolic syndrome and arteriosclerosis. In addition, improved insulin sensitivity together with lower rates of diabetes and cancer has been observed. Some studies have however found that a vegetarian diet may result in changes adversely affecting the body. These could include; hyperhomocysteinaemia, protein deficiency, anaemia, decreased creatinine content in muscles and menstrual disruption in women who undertake increased physical activity. Some of these changes may decrease the ability for performing activities that require physical effort. Nevertheless, on balance it can be reasonably concluded that the beneficial effects of a vegetarian diet significantly, by far, outweigh the adverse ones. It should also be noted that the term 'vegetarian diet' is not always clearly defined in the literature and it may include many dietary variations. FAU - Pilis, Wiesław
Health benefits of fruits and vegetables.; Fruits and vegetables are universally promoted as healthy. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2010 recommend you make one-half of your plate fruits and vegetables. Myplate.gov also supports that one-half the plate should be fruits and vegetables. Fruits and vegetables include a diverse group of plant foods that vary greatly in content of energy and nutrients. Additionally, fruits and vegetables supply dietary fiber, and fiber intake is linked to lower incidence of cardiovascular disease and obesity. Fruits and vegetables also supply vitamins and minerals to the diet and are sources of phytochemicals that function as antioxidants, phytoestrogens, and antiinflammatory agents and through other protective mechanisms. In this review, we describe the existing dietary guidance on intake of fruits and vegetables. We also review attempts to characterize fruits and vegetables into groups based on similar chemical structures and functions. Differences among fruits and vegetables in nutrient composition are detailed. We summarize the epidemiological and clinical studies on the health benefits of fruits and vegetables. Finally, we discuss the role of fiber in fruits and vegetables in disease prevention. FAU - Slavin, Joanne L
Nutrition concerns and health effects of vegetarian diets.; Vegetarians exhibit a wide diversity of dietary practices, often described by what is omitted from their diet. When a vegetarian diet is appropriately planned and includes fortified foods, it can be nutritionally adequate for adults and children and can promote health and lower the risk of major chronic diseases. The nutrients of concern in the diet of vegetarians include vitamin B(12), vitamin D, ω-3 fatty acids, calcium, iron, and zinc. Although a vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients, the use of supplements and fortified foods provides a useful shield against deficiency. A vegetarian diet usually provides a low intake of saturated fat and cholesterol and a high intake of dietary fiber and many health-promoting phytochemicals. This is achieved by an increased consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole-grains, legumes, nuts, and various soy products. As a result of these factors, vegetarians typically have lower body mass index, serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, and blood pressure; reduced rates of death from ischemic heart disease; and decreased incidence of hypertension, stroke, type 2 diabetes, and certain cancers than do nonvegetarians. FAU - Craig, Winston John
Health Risks Associated with Meat Consumption: A Review of Epidemiological Studies.; Recent evidence from large prospective US and European cohort studies and from meta-analyses of epidemiological studies indicates that the long-term consumption of increasing amounts of red meat and particularly of processed meat is associated with an increased risk of total mortality, cardiovascular disease, colorectal cancer and type 2 diabetes, in both men and women. The association persists after inclusion of known confounding factors, such as age, race, BMI, history, smoking, blood pressure, lipids, physical activity and multiple nutritional parameters in multivariate analysis. The association has not always been noted with red meat, and it has been absent with white meat. There is evidence of several mechanisms for the observed adverse effects that might be involved, however, their individual role is not defined at present. It is concluded that recommendations for the consumption of unprocessed red meat and particularly of processed red meat should be more restrictive than existing recommendations. Restrictive recommendations should not be applied to subjects above about 70 years of age, as the studies quoted herein did not examine this age group, and the inclusion of sufficient protein supply (e. g. in the form of meat) is particularly important in the elderly. FAU - Battaglia Richi, Evelyne
Functional Foods and Lifestyle Approaches for Diabetes Prevention and Management. LID - 10.3390/nu9121310 [doi] LID - 1310; Functional foods contain biologically active ingredients associated with physiological health benefits for preventing and managing chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). A regular consumption of functional foods may be associated with enhanced anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, insulin sensitivity, and anti-cholesterol functions, which are considered integral to prevent and manage T2DM. Components of the Mediterranean diet (MD)-such as fruits, vegetables, oily fish, olive oil, and tree nuts-serve as a model for functional foods based on their natural contents of nutraceuticals, including polyphenols, terpenoids, flavonoids, alkaloids, sterols, pigments, and unsaturated fatty acids. Polyphenols within MD and polyphenol-rich herbs-such as coffee, green tea, black tea, and yerba maté-have shown clinically-meaningful benefits on metabolic and microvascular activities, cholesterol and fasting glucose lowering, and anti-inflammation and anti-oxidation in high-risk and T2DM patients. However, combining exercise with functional food consumption can trigger and augment several metabolic and cardiovascular protective benefits, but it is under-investigated in people with T2DM and bariatric surgery patients. Detecting functional food benefits can now rely on an "omics" biological profiling of individuals' molecular, genetics, transcriptomics, proteomics, and metabolomics, but is under-investigated in multi-component interventions. A personalized approach for preventing and managing T2DM should consider biological and behavioral models, and embed nutrition education as part of lifestyle diabetes prevention studies. Functional foods may provide additional benefits in such an approach. FAU - Alkhatib, Ahmad
Position of the American Dietetic Association: vegetarian diets.; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association that appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence, and for athletes. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat (including fowl) or seafood, or products containing those foods. This article reviews the current data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, n-3 fatty acids, iron, zinc, iodine, calcium, and vitamins D and B-12. A vegetarian diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, supplements or fortified foods can provide useful amounts of important nutrients. An evidence- based review showed that vegetarian diets can be nutritionally adequate in pregnancy and result in positive maternal and infant health outcomes. The results of an evidence-based review showed that a vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease. Vegetarians also appear to have lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension and type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. Furthermore, vegetarians tend to have a lower body mass index and lower overall cancer rates. Features of a vegetarian diet that may reduce risk of chronic disease include lower intakes of saturated fat and cholesterol and higher intakes of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, soy products, fiber, and phytochemicals. The variability of dietary practices among vegetarians makes individual assessment of dietary adequacy essential. In addition to assessing dietary adequacy, food and nutrition professionals can also play key roles in educating vegetarians about sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and dietary modifications to meet their needs. FAU - Craig, Winston J
Prevention and management of type 2 diabetes: dietary components and nutritional strategies.; In the past couple of decades, evidence from prospective observational studies and clinical trials has converged to support the importance of individual nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes. The quality of dietary fats and carbohydrates consumed is more crucial than is the quantity of these macronutrients. Diets rich in wholegrains, fruits, vegetables, legumes, and nuts; moderate in alcohol consumption; and lower in refined grains, red or processed meats, and sugar-sweetened beverages have been shown to reduce the risk of diabetes and improve glycaemic control and blood lipids in patients with diabetes. With an emphasis on overall diet quality, several dietary patterns such as Mediterranean, low glycaemic index, moderately low carbohydrate, and vegetarian diets can be tailored to personal and cultural food preferences and appropriate calorie needs for weight control and diabetes prevention and management. Although much progress has been made in development and implementation of evidence-based nutrition recommendations in developed countries, concerted worldwide efforts and policies are warranted to alleviate regional disparities.
Vegetarian Diets and the Risk of Diabetes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Worldwide, diabetes has increased steadily and in recent years, drastically. The majority of diabetes cases are type 2 (T2DM), caused by modifiable risk factors such as diet. Vegetarian diets have been studied over the past few decades for their preventative and therapeutic effects on diabetes and may be more beneficial than medication for diabetes management. RECENT FINDINGS: A vegetarian diet characterized by whole plant foods is most beneficial for diabetes prevention and management. Vegetarian diets are inversely associated with risk of developing diabetes independent of the positive association of meat consumption with diabetes development. Vegetarian diets range from vegan (no animal products), lacto-ovo-vegetarian (no animal meat, but consumes milk and eggs), pesco-vegetarian (consumes fish), and semi-vegetarian (occasional meat consumption). There has been an observed difference in the extent of preventative and therapeutic effects of these different types of diets. The most important aspect of any of these types of diets is emphasizing whole grains, fruits and vegetables, legumes, and nuts and reducing saturated and trans fats. FAU - Olfert, Melissa D
Vegetarian Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Disease.; Cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of mortality, being responsible for 46% of non-communicable disease deaths. It has been estimated that about 85.6 million Americans are living with some form of CVD, which continues to rise. Healthy lifestyle choices may reduce the risk of myocardial infarction by >80%, with nutrition playing a key role. Vegetarian dietary patterns reduce CVD mortality and the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by 40%. Plant-based diets are the only dietary pattern to have shown reversal of CHD. Additionally, evidence suggests benefits of vegetarian dietary patterns in both the prevention and the treatment of heart failure and cerebrovascular disease. Plant-based diets are associated with lower blood pressure, lower blood lipids, and reduced platelet aggregation than non-vegetarian diets and are beneficial in weight management, reduce the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes. They have also been shown an effective treatment method in diabetes management. Well planned vegetarian diets provide benefits in preventing and reversing atherosclerosis and in decreasing CVD risk factors and should be promoted through dietary guidelines and recommendations.
A journey into a Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes: a systematic review with meta-analyses.; OBJECTIVES: To summarise the evidence about the efficacy of a Mediterranean diet on the management of type 2 diabetes and prediabetic states. DESIGN: A systematic review of all meta-analyses and randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the Mediterranean diet with a control diet on the treatment of type 2 diabetes and prediabetic states was conducted. Electronic searches were carried out up to January 2015. Trials were included for meta-analyses if they had a control group treated with another diet, if they were of sufficient duration (at least 6 months), and if they had at least 30 participants in each arm. A random-effect model was used to pool data. PARTICIPANTS: Adults with or at risk for type 2 diabetes. INTERVENTIONS: Dietary patterns that described themselves as using a 'Mediterranean' dietary pattern. OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcomes were glycaemic control, cardiovascular risk factors and remission from the metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: From 2824 studies, 8 meta-analyses and 5 RCTs were eligible. A 'de novo' meta-analysis of 3 long-term (>6 months) RCTs of the Mediterranean diet and glycaemic control of diabetes favoured the Mediterranean diet as compared with lower fat diets. Another 'de novo' meta-analysis of two long-term RCTs showed a 49% increased probability of remission from the metabolic syndrome. 5 meta-analyses showed a favourable effect of the Mediterranean diet, as compared with other diets, on body weight, total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. 2 meta-analyses demonstrated that higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet reduced the risk of future diabetes by 19-23%. CONCLUSIONS: The Mediterranean diet was associated with better glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk factors than control diets, including a lower fat diet, suggesting that it is suitable for the overall management of type 2 diabetes.
Plant-Based Dietary Patterns and Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes in US Men and Women: Results from Three Prospective Cohort Studies.; BACKGROUND: Plant-based diets have been recommended to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, not all plant foods are necessarily beneficial. We examined the association of an overall plant-based diet and hypothesized healthful and unhealthful versions of a plant-based diet with T2D incidence in three prospective cohort studies in the US. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We included 69,949 women from the Nurses' Health Study (1984-2012), 90,239 women from the Nurses' Health Study 2 (1991-2011), and 40,539 men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (1986-2010), free of chronic diseases at baseline. Dietary data were collected every 2-4 y using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Using these data, we created an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), where plant foods received positive scores, while animal foods (animal fats, dairy, eggs, fish/seafood, poultry/red meat, miscellaneous animal-based foods) received reverse scores. We also created a healthful plant-based diet index (hPDI), where healthy plant foods (whole grains, fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, vegetable oils, tea/coffee) received positive scores, while less healthy plant foods (fruit juices, sweetened beverages, refined grains, potatoes, sweets/desserts) and animal foods received reverse scores. Lastly, we created an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI) by assigning positive scores to less healthy plant foods and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. We documented 16,162 incident T2D cases during 4,102,369 person-years of follow-up. In pooled multivariable-adjusted analysis, both PDI and hPDI were inversely associated with T2D (PDI: hazard ratio [HR] for extreme deciles 0.51, 95% CI 0.47-0.55, p trend < 0.001; hPDI: HR for extreme deciles 0.55, 95% CI 0.51-0.59, p trend < 0.001). The association of T2D with PDI was considerably attenuated when we additionally adjusted for body mass index (BMI) categories (HR 0.80, 95% CI 0.74-0.87, p trend < 0.001), while that with hPDI remained largely unchanged (HR 0.66, 95% CI 0.61-0.72, p trend < 0.001). uPDI was positively associated with T2D even after BMI adjustment (HR for extreme deciles 1.16, 95% CI 1.08-1.25, p trend < 0.001). Limitations of the study include self-reported diet assessment, with the possibility of measurement error, and the potential for residual or unmeasured confounding given the observational nature of the study design. CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that plant-based diets, especially when rich in high-quality plant foods, are associated with substantially lower risk of developing T2D. This supports current recommendations to shift to diets rich in healthy plant foods, with lower intake of less healthy plant and animal foods. FAU - Satija, Ambika
Effect of a Brown Rice Based Vegan Diet and Conventional Diabetic Diet on Glycemic Control of Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A 12-Week Randomized Clinical Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Several intervention studies have suggested that vegetarian or vegan diets have clinical benefits, particularly in terms of glycemic control, in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D); however, no randomized controlled trial has been conducted in Asians who more commonly depend on plant-based foods, as compared to Western populations. Here, we aimed to compare the effect of a vegan diet and conventional diabetic diet on glycemic control among Korean individuals. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Participants diagnosed with T2D were randomly assigned to follow either a vegan diet (excluding animal-based food including fish; n = 46) or a conventional diet recommended by the Korean Diabetes Association 2011 (n = 47) for 12 weeks. HbA1c levels were measured at weeks 0, 4, and 12, and the primary study endpoint was the change in HbA1c levels over 12 weeks. RESULTS: The mean HbA1c levels at weeks 0, 4, and 12 were 7.7%, 7.2%, and 7.1% in the vegan group, and 7.4%, 7.2%, and 7.2% in the conventional group, respectively. Although both groups showed significant reductions in HbA1C levels, the reductions were larger in the vegan group than in the conventional group (-0.5% vs. -0.2%; p-for-interaction = 0.017). When only considering participants with high compliance, the difference in HbA1c level reduction between the groups was found to be larger (-0.9% vs. -0.3%). The beneficial effect of vegan diets was noted even after adjusting for changes in total energy intake or waist circumference over the 12 weeks. CONCLUSION: Both diets led to reductions in HbA1c levels; however, glycemic control was better with the vegan diet than with the conventional diet. Thus, the dietary guidelines for patients with T2D should include a vegan diet for the better management and treatment. However, further studies are needed to evaluate the long-term effects of a vegan diet, and to identify potential explanations of the underlying mechanisms. TRIAL REGISTRATION: CRiS KCT0001771. FAU - Lee, Yu-Mi
The effects of popular diets on type 2 diabetes management.; Type 2 diabetes can be managed with the use of diabetes self-management skills. Diet and exercise are essential segments of the lifestyle changes necessary for diabetes management. However, diet recommendations can be complicated in a world full of different diets. This review aims to evaluate the evidence on the effects of three popular diets geared towards diabetes management: low-carbohydrate and ketogenic diet, vegan diet, and the Mediterranean diet. While all three diets have been shown to assist in improving glycaemic control and weight loss, patient adherence, acceptability, and long-term manageability play essential roles in the efficacy of each diet.
The long-term health of vegetarians and vegans.; Vegetarians, who do not eat any meat, poultry or fish, constitute a significant minority of the world's population. Lacto-ovo-vegetarians consume dairy products and/or eggs, whereas vegans do not eat any foods derived wholly or partly from animals. Concerns over the health, environmental and economic consequences of a diet rich in meat and other animal products have focussed attention on those who exclude some or all of these foods from their diet. There has been extensive research into the nutritional adequacy of vegetarian diets, but less is known about the long-term health of vegetarians and vegans. We summarise the main findings from large cross-sectional and prospective cohort studies in western countries with a high proportion of vegetarian participants. Vegetarians have a lower prevalence of overweight and obesity and a lower risk of IHD compared with non-vegetarians from a similar background, whereas the data are equivocal for stroke. For cancer, there is some evidence that the risk for all cancer sites combined is slightly lower in vegetarians than in non-vegetarians, but findings for individual cancer sites are inconclusive. Vegetarians have also been found to have lower risks for diabetes, diverticular disease and eye cataract. Overall mortality is similar for vegetarians and comparable non-vegetarians, but vegetarian groups compare favourably with the general population. The long-term health of vegetarians appears to be generally good, and for some diseases and medical conditions it may be better than that of comparable omnivores. Much more research is needed, particularly on the long-term health of vegans. FAU - Appleby, Paul N
Dietary patterns and management of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review of randomised clinical trials.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: The aim of the present review is to examine evidence from published studies on the effectiveness of six or more months of low carbohydrate, macrobiotic, vegan, vegetarian, Mediterranean and intermittent fasting (IF) diets compared to low fat diets on diabetes control and management. METHODS AND RESULTS: In accordance with PRISMA guidelines, Cochrane CENTRAL, PubMed and Scopus databases were systematically searched for relevant studies. Twenty randomised controlled trials (RCTs) > 6 months that investigated the effectiveness of various dietary patterns on type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) were included. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane tool. There were no significant differences in glycemic control, weight and lipids for the majority of low carbohydrate diets (LCDs) compared to low fat diets (LFDs). Four out of fifteen LCD interventions showed better glycemic control while weight loss was greater in one study. The Mediterranean dietary pattern demonstrated greater reduction in body weight and HbA1c levels and delayed requirement for diabetes medications. The vegan and macrobiotic diet demonstrated improved glycemic control, while the vegetarian diet showed greater body weight reduction and insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSIONS: Although more long-term intervention trials are required, mounting evidence supports the view that vegan, vegetarian and Mediterranean dietary patterns should be implemented in public health strategies, in order to better control glycemic markers in individuals with T2DM.
Impact of a Mediterranean Dietary Pattern and Its Components on Cardiovascular Risk Factors, Glucose Control, and Body Weight in People with Type 2 Diabetes: A Real-Life Study. LID - 10.3390/nu10081067 [doi] LID - 1067; This study evaluates the relation of a Mediterranean dietary pattern and its individual components with the cardiovascular risk factors profile, plasma glucose and body mass index (BMI) in people with type 2 diabetes. We studied 2568 participants at 57 diabetes clinics. Diet was assessed with the EPIC (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition) questionnaire, adherence to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated with the relative Mediterranean diet score (rMED). A high compared to a low score was associated with a better quality of diet and a greater adherence to the nutritional recommendations for diabetes. However, even in the group achieving a high score, only a small proportion of participants met the recommendations for fiber and saturated fat (respectively 17% and 30%). Nonetheless, a high score was associated with lower values of plasma lipids, blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin, and BMI. The relationship of the single food items components of the rMED score with the achievement of treatment targets for plasma lipids, blood pressure, glucose, and BMI were also explored. The study findings support the Mediterranean dietary model as a suitable model for type 2 diabetes and the concept that the beneficial health effects of the Mediterranean diet lie primarily in its synergy among various nutrients and foods rather than on any individual component. FAU - Vitale, Marilena
Vegetarian diet improves insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers more than conventional diet in subjects with Type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to compare the effects of calorie-restricted vegetarian and conventional diabetic diets alone and in combination with exercise on insulin resistance, visceral fat and oxidative stress markers in subjects with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A 24-week, randomized, open, parallel design was used. Seventy-four patients with Type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (n = 37), which received a vegetarian diet, or the control group (n = 37), which received a conventional diabetic diet. Both diets were isocaloric, calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). All meals during the study were provided. The second 12 weeks of the diet were combined with aerobic exercise. Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks and 24 weeks. Primary outcomes were: insulin sensitivity measured by hyperinsulinaemic isoglycaemic clamp; volume of visceral and subcutaneous fat measured by magnetic resonance imaging; and oxidative stress measured by thiobarbituric acid reactive substances. Analyses were by intention to treat. RESULTS: Forty-three per cent of participants in the experimental group and 5% of participants in the control group reduced diabetes medication (P < 0.001). Body weight decreased more in the experimental group than in the control group [-6.2 kg (95% CI -6.6 to -5.3) vs. -3.2 kg (95% CI -3.7 to -2.5); interaction group × time P = 0.001]. An increase in insulin sensitivity was significantly greater in the experimental group than in the control group [30% (95% CI 24.5-39) vs. 20% (95% CI 14-25), P = 0.04]. A reduction in both visceral and subcutaneous fat was greater in the experimental group than in the control group (P = 0.007 and P = 0.02, respectively). Plasma adiponectin increased (P = 0.02) and leptin decreased (P = 0.02) in the experimental group, with no change in the control group. Vitamin C, superoxide dismutase and reduced glutathione increased in the experimental group (P = 0.002, P < 0.001 and P = 0.02, respectively). Differences between groups were greater after the addition of exercise training. Changes in insulin sensitivity and enzymatic oxidative stress markers correlated with changes in visceral fat. CONCLUSIONS: A calorie-restricted vegetarian diet had greater capacity to improve insulin sensitivity compared with a conventional diabetic diet over 24 weeks. The greater loss of visceral fat and improvements in plasma concentrations of adipokines and oxidative stress markers with this diet may be responsible for the reduction of insulin resistance. The addition of exercise training further augmented the improved outcomes with the vegetarian diet.
Plant-Based Diets for Personal, Population, and Planetary Health.; Worldwide, the burden of morbidity and mortality from diet-related chronic diseases is increasing, driven by poor diet quality and overconsumption of calories. At the same time, the global food production system is draining our planet's resources, jeopardizing the environment and future food security. Personal, population, and planetary health are closely intertwined and will all continue to be vulnerable to these threats unless action is taken. Fortunately, shifting current global dietary patterns towards high-quality, plant-based diets could alleviate these health and environmental burdens. Compared with typical Western diets with high amounts of animal products, healthy plant-based diets are not only more sustainable, but have also been associated with lower risk of chronic diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and some cancers. For personalized disease management and prevention, precision nutrition has the potential to offer more effective approaches tailored to individual characteristics such as the genome, metabolome, and microbiome. However, this area of research is in the early stages and is not yet ready for widespread clinical use. Therefore, it must not overshadow public health nutrition strategies, which have the power to improve health and sustainability on a larger scale. If widely implemented, interventions and policy changes that shift the globe towards healthy plant-based dietary patterns could be instrumental in ensuring future personal, population, and planetary health.
Changes in Plant-Based Diet Quality and Total and Cause-Specific Mortality.; BACKGROUND: Plant-based diets have been associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) and are recommended for both health and environmental benefits. However, the association between changes in plant-based diet quality and mortality remains unclear. METHODS: We investigated the associations between 12-year changes (from 1986 to 1998) in plant-based diet quality assessed by 3 plant-based diet indices (score range, 18-90)-an overall plant-based diet index (PDI), a healthful PDI, and an unhealthful PDI-and subsequent total and cause-specific mortality (1998-2014). Participants were 49 407 women in the Nurses' Health Study (NHS) and 25 907 men in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (HPFS) who were free from CVD and cancer in 1998. Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional-hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. RESULTS: We documented 10 686 deaths including 2046 CVD deaths and 3091 cancer deaths in the NHS over 725 316 person-years of follow-up and 6490 deaths including 1872 CVD deaths and 1772 cancer deaths in the HPFS over 371 322 person-years of follow-up. Compared with participants whose indices remained stable, among those with the greatest increases in diet scores (highest quintile), the pooled multivariable-adjusted HRs for total mortality were 0.95 (95% CI, 0.90-1.00) for PDI, 0.90 (95% CI, 0.85-0.95) for healthful PDI, and 1.12 (95% CI, 1.07-1.18) for unhealthful PDI. Among participants with the greatest decrease (lowest quintile), the multivariable-adjusted HRs were 1.09 (95% CI, 1.04-1.15) for PDI, 1.10 (95% CI, 1.05-1.15) for healthful PDI, and 0.93 (95% CI, 0.88-0.98) for unhealthful PDI. For CVD mortality, the risk associated with a 10-point increase in each PDI was 7% lower (95% CI, 1-12%) for PDI, 9% lower (95% CI, 4-14%) for healthful PDI, and 8% higher (95% CI, 2-14%) for unhealthful PDI. There were no consistent associations between changes in plant-based diet indices and cancer mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Improving plant-based diet quality over a 12-year period was associated with a lower risk of total and CVD mortality, whereas increased consumption of an unhealthful plant-based diet was associated with a higher risk of total and CVD mortality. FAU - Baden, Megu Y
Vegetarian diets: what are the advantages?; A growing body of scientific evidence indicates that wholesome vegetarian diets offer distinct advantages compared to diets containing meat and other foods of animal origin. The benefits arise from lower intakes of saturated fat, cholesterol and animal protein as well as higher intakes of complex carbohydrates, dietary fiber, magnesium, folic acid, vitamin C and E, carotenoids and other phytochemicals. Since vegetarians consume widely divergent diets, a differentiation between various types of vegetarian diets is necessary. Indeed, many contradictions and misunderstandings concerning vegetarianism are due to scientific data from studies without this differentiation. In the past, vegetarian diets have been described as being deficient in several nutrients including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin B12 and A, n-3 fatty acids and iodine. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the observed deficiencies are usually due to poor meal planning. Well-balanced vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including children, adolescents, pregnant and lactating women, the elderly and competitive athletes. In most cases, vegetarian diets are beneficial in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, cancer, osteoporosis, renal disease and dementia, as well as diverticular disease, gallstones and rheumatoid arthritis. The reasons for choosing a vegetarian diet often go beyond health and well-being and include among others economical, ecological and social concerns. The influences of these aspects of vegetarian diets are the subject of the new field of nutritional ecology that is concerned with sustainable life styles and human development. FAU - Leitzmann, Claus
Beyond meatless, the health effects of vegan diets: findings from the Adventist cohorts.; Vegetarians, those who avoid meat, and vegans, additionally avoiding dairy and eggs, represent 5% and 2%, respectively, of the US population. The aim of this review is to assess the effects of vegetarian diets, particularly strict vegetarian diets (i.e., vegans) on health and disease outcomes. We summarized available evidence from three prospective cohorts of Adventists in North America: Adventist Mortality Study, Adventist Health Study, and Adventist Health Study-2. Non-vegetarian diets were compared to vegetarian dietary patterns (i.e., vegan and lacto-ovo-vegetarian) on selected health outcomes. Vegetarian diets confer protection against cardiovascular diseases, cardiometabolic risk factors, some cancers and total mortality. Compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarian diets, vegan diets seem to offer additional protection for obesity, hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular mortality. Males experience greater health benefits than females. Limited prospective data is available on vegetarian diets and body weight change. Large randomized intervention trials on the effects of vegetarian diet patterns on neurological and cognitive functions, obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular outcomes are warranted to make meaningful recommendations. FAU - Le, Lap Tai
Type of vegetarian diet, body weight, and prevalence of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We assessed the prevalence of type 2 diabetes in people following different types of vegetarian diets compared with that in nonvegetarians. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study population comprised 22,434 men and 38,469 women who participated in the Adventist Health Study-2 conducted in 2002-2006. We collected self-reported demographic, anthropometric, medical history, and lifestyle data from Seventh-Day Adventist church members across North America. The type of vegetarian diet was categorized based on a food-frequency questionnaire. We calculated odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs using multivariate-adjusted logistic regression. RESULTS: Mean BMI was lowest in vegans (23.6 kg/m(2)) and incrementally higher in lacto-ovo vegetarians (25.7 kg/m(2)), pesco-vegetarians (26.3 kg/m(2)), semi-vegetarians (27.3 kg/m(2)), and nonvegetarians (28.8 kg/m(2)). Prevalence of type 2 diabetes increased from 2.9% in vegans to 7.6% in nonvegetarians; the prevalence was intermediate in participants consuming lacto-ovo (3.2%), pesco (4.8%), or semi-vegetarian (6.1%) diets. After adjustment for age, sex, ethnicity, education, income, physical activity, television watching, sleep habits, alcohol use, and BMI, vegans (OR 0.51 [95% CI 0.40-0.66]), lacto-ovo vegetarians (0.54 [0.49-0.60]), pesco-vegetarians (0.70 [0.61-0.80]), and semi-vegetarians (0.76 [0.65-0.90]) had a lower risk of type 2 diabetes than nonvegetarians. CONCLUSIONS: The 5-unit BMI difference between vegans and nonvegetarians indicates a substantial potential of vegetarianism to protect against obesity. Increased conformity to vegetarian diets protected against risk of type 2 diabetes after lifestyle characteristics and BMI were taken into account. Pesco- and semi-vegetarian diets afforded intermediate protection. FAU - Tonstad, Serena
Anti-Inflammatory Effects of a Vegan Diet Versus the American Heart Association-Recommended Diet in Coronary Artery Disease Trial.; Background Dietary interventions may play a role in secondary cardiovascular prevention. hsCRP (High-sensitivity C-reactive protein) is a marker of risk for major adverse cardiovascular outcomes in coronary artery disease. Methods and Results The open-label, blinded end-point, EVADE CAD (Effects of a Vegan Versus the American Heart Association-Recommended Diet in Coronary Artery Disease) trial randomized participants (n=100) with coronary artery disease to 8 weeks of a vegan or American Heart Association-recommended diet with provision of groceries, tools to measure dietary intake, and dietary counseling. The primary end point was high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. A linear regression model compared end points after 8 weeks of a vegan versus American Heart Association diet and adjusted for baseline concentration of the end point. Significance levels for the primary and secondary end points were set at 0.05 and 0.0015, respectively. A vegan diet resulted in a significant 32% lower high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (β, 0.68, 95% confidence interval [0.49-0.94]; P=0.02) when compared with the American Heart Association diet. Results were consistent after adjustment for age, race, baseline waist circumference, diabetes mellitus, and prior myocardial infarction (adjusted β, 0.67 [0.47-0.94], P=0.02). The degree of reduction in body mass index and waist circumference did not significantly differ between the 2 diet groups (adjusted β, 0.99 [0.97-1.00], P=0.10; and adjusted β, 1.00 [0.98-1.01], P=0.66, respectively). There were also no significant differences in markers of glycemic control between the 2 diet groups. There was a nonsignificant 13% reduction in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with the vegan diet when compared with the American Heart Association diet (adjusted β, 0.87 [0.78-0.97], P=0.01). There were no significant differences in other lipid parameters. Conclusions In patients with coronary artery disease on guideline-directed medical therapy, a vegan diet may be considered to lower high-sensitivity C-reactive protein as a risk marker of adverse outcomes. Clinical Trial Registration URL : http://www.clinicaltrials.gov . Unique identifier: NCT 02135939. FAU - Shah, Binita
The BROAD study: A randomised controlled trial using a whole food plant-based diet in the community for obesity, ischaemic heart disease or diabetes.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: There is little randomised evidence using a whole food plant-based (WFPB) diet as intervention for elevated body mass index (BMI) or dyslipidaemia. We investigated the effectiveness of a community-based dietary programme. Primary end points: BMI and cholesterol at 6 months (subsequently extended). SUBJECTS: Ages 35-70, from one general practice in Gisborne, New Zealand. Diagnosed with obesity or overweight and at least one of type 2 diabetes, ischaemic heart disease, hypertension or hypercholesterolaemia. Of 65 subjects randomised (control n=32, intervention n=33), 49 (75.4%) completed the study to 6 months. Twenty-three (70%) intervention participants were followed up at 12 months. METHODS: All participants received normal care. Intervention participants attended facilitated meetings twice-weekly for 12 weeks, and followed a non-energy-restricted WFPB diet with vitamin B(12) supplementation. RESULTS: At 6 months, mean BMI reduction was greater with the WFPB diet compared with normal care (4.4 vs 0.4, difference: 3.9 kg m(-2) (95% confidence interval (CI)±1), P<0.0001). Mean cholesterol reduction was greater with the WFPB diet, but the difference was not significant compared with normal care (0.71 vs 0.26, difference: 0.45 mmol l(-1) (95% CI±0.54), P=0.1), unless dropouts were excluded (difference: 0.56 mmol l(-1) (95% CI±0.54), P=0.05). Twelve-month mean reductions for the WFPB diet group were 4.2 (±0.8) kg m(-)(2) BMI points and 0.55 (±0.54, P=0.05) mmol l(-1) total cholesterol. No serious harms were reported. CONCLUSIONS: This programme led to significant improvements in BMI, cholesterol and other risk factors. To the best of our knowledge, this research has achieved greater weight loss at 6 and 12 months than any other trial that does not limit energy intake or mandate regular exercise. FAU - Wright, N
Dietary fibre and cardiovascular health: a review of current evidence and policy.; Dietary fibre comprises many different, mainly plant-based, compounds that are not fully digested in the human gut. Insoluble fibres include cellulose, hemi-celluloses and lignin and soluble fibres include pectins, β-glucan and hydro-colloids. In the UK, the daily recommended amount has increased to 30 g but only 13 % of men and 4 % of women meet this recommendation. Currently the mean intake for adults is 21 g for men and 17 g for women. There is a wealth of epidemiological evidence based on systematic reviews of trials and cohorts to support the higher fibre recommendation. This includes evidence of reductions in the risk for CVD (both heart disease and stroke) and lower risk of type 2 diabetes, lower blood pressure, lower LDL-cholesterol, as well as some cancers. Beneficial effects of fibre operate via a diverse range of mechanisms throughout the digestive system including the mouth, stomach and small and large intestine; some of which are still not completely understood. The updated recommendation for fibre is a long way from a typical British diet and requires several daily portions of fruit and vegetables and wholegrain foods. Improving dietary fibre intakes will require a variety of actions and policies from stakeholders; however, there is currently more of a focus on reducing sugar than increasing fibre. In order to increase the number of adults meeting the fibre recommendation, social marketing and labelling of high-fibre foods are warranted as well as reformulation and wider availability of wholegrain versions of popular foods. FAU - Evans, Charlotte Elizabeth Louise
The effects of plant-based diets on the body and the brain: a systematic review.; Western societies notice an increasing interest in plant-based eating patterns such as vegetarian and vegan, yet potential effects on the body and brain are a matter of debate. Therefore, we systematically reviewed existing human interventional studies on putative effects of a plant-based diet on the metabolism and cognition, and what is known about the underlying mechanisms. Using the search terms "plant-based OR vegan OR vegetarian AND diet AND intervention" in PubMed filtered for clinical trials in humans retrieved 205 studies out of which 27, plus an additional search extending the selection to another five studies, were eligible for inclusion based on three independent ratings. We found robust evidence for short- to moderate-term beneficial effects of plant-based diets versus conventional diets (duration ≤ 24 months) on weight status, energy metabolism and systemic inflammation in healthy participants, obese and type-2 diabetes patients. Initial experimental studies proposed novel microbiome-related pathways, by which plant-based diets modulate the gut microbiome towards a favorable diversity of bacteria species, yet a functional "bottom up" signaling of plant-based diet-induced microbial changes remains highly speculative. In addition, little is known, based on interventional studies about cognitive effects linked to plant-based diets. Thus, a causal impact of plant-based diets on cognitive functions, mental and neurological health and respective underlying mechanisms has yet to be demonstrated. In sum, the increasing interest for plant-based diets raises the opportunity for developing novel preventive and therapeutic strategies against obesity, eating disorders and related comorbidities. Still, putative effects of plant-based diets on brain health and cognitive functions as well as the underlying mechanisms remain largely unexplored and new studies need to address these questions. FAU - Medawar, Evelyn
Systematic review and meta-analysis of different dietary approaches to the management of type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: There is evidence that reducing blood glucose concentrations, inducing weight loss, and improving the lipid profile reduces cardiovascular risk in people with type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the effect of various diets on glycemic control, lipids, and weight loss. DESIGN: We conducted searches of PubMed, Embase, and Google Scholar to August 2011. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with interventions that lasted ≥6 mo that compared low-carbohydrate, vegetarian, vegan, low-glycemic index (GI), high-fiber, Mediterranean, and high-protein diets with control diets including low-fat, high-GI, American Diabetes Association, European Association for the Study of Diabetes, and low-protein diets. RESULTS: A total of 20 RCTs were included (n = 3073 included in final analyses across 3460 randomly assigned individuals). The low-carbohydrate, low-GI, Mediterranean, and high-protein diets all led to a greater improvement in glycemic control [glycated hemoglobin reductions of -0.12% (P = 0.04), -0.14% (P = 0.008), -0.47% (P < 0.00001), and -0.28% (P < 0.00001), respectively] compared with their respective control diets, with the largest effect size seen in the Mediterranean diet. Low-carbohydrate and Mediterranean diets led to greater weight loss [-0.69 kg (P = 0.21) and -1.84 kg (P < 0.00001), respectively], with an increase in HDL seen in all diets except the high-protein diet. CONCLUSION: Low-carbohydrate, low-GI, Mediterranean, and high-protein diets are effective in improving various markers of cardiovascular risk in people with diabetes and should be considered in the overall strategy of diabetes management. FAU - Ajala, Olubukola
A low-fat vegan diet improves glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in a randomized clinical trial in individuals with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate whether a low-fat vegan diet improves glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Individuals with type 2 diabetes (n = 99) were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (n = 49) or a diet following the American Diabetes Association (ADA) guidelines (n = 50). Participants were evaluated at baseline and 22 weeks. RESULTS: Forty-three percent (21 of 49) of the vegan group and 26% (13 of 50) of the ADA group participants reduced diabetes medications. Including all participants, HbA(1c) (A1C) decreased 0.96 percentage points in the vegan group and 0.56 points in the ADA group (P = 0.089). Excluding those who changed medications, A1C fell 1.23 points in the vegan group compared with 0.38 points in the ADA group (P = 0.01). Body weight decreased 6.5 kg in the vegan group and 3.1 kg in the ADA group (P < 0.001). Body weight change correlated with A1C change (r = 0.51, n = 57, P < 0.0001). Among those who did not change lipid-lowering medications, LDL cholesterol fell 21.2% in the vegan group and 10.7% in the ADA group (P = 0.02). After adjustment for baseline values, urinary albumin reductions were greater in the vegan group (15.9 mg/24 h) than in the ADA group (10.9 mg/24 h) (P = 0.013). CONCLUSIONS: Both a low-fat vegan diet and a diet based on ADA guidelines improved glycemic and lipid control in type 2 diabetic patients. These improvements were greater with a low-fat vegan diet. FAU - Barnard, Neal D
A plant-based diet in overweight individuals in a 16-week randomized clinical trial: metabolic benefits of plant protein.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: A plant-based diet is an effective strategy in the treatment of obesity. In this 16-week randomized clinical trial, we tested the effect of a plant-based diet on body composition and insulin resistance. As a part of this trial, we investigated the role of plant protein on these outcomes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Overweight participants (n = 75) were randomized to follow a plant-based (n = 38) or a control diet (n = 37). Dual X-ray Absorptiometry assessed body composition, Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) assessed insulin resistance, and a linear regression model was used to test the relationship between protein intake, body composition, and insulin resistance. RESULTS: The plant-based vegan diet proved to be superior to the control diet in improving body weight, fat mass, and insulin resistance markers. Only the vegan group showed significant reductions in body weight (treatment effect -6.5 [95% CI -8.9 to -4.1] kg; Gxt, p < 0.001), fat mass (treatment effect -4.3 [95% CI -5.4 to -3.2] kg; Gxt, p < 0.001), and HOMA-IR (treatment effect -1.0 [95% CI -1.2 to -0.8]; Gxt, p = 0.004). The decrease in fat mass was associated with an increased intake of plant protein and decreased intake of animal protein (r = -0.30, p = 0.011; and r = +0.39, p = 0.001, respectively). In particular, decreased % leucine intake was associated with a decrease in fat mass (r = +0.40; p < 0.001), in both unadjusted and adjusted models for changes in BMI and energy intake. In addition, decreased % histidine intake was associated with a decrease in insulin resistance (r = +0.38; p = 0.003), also independent of changes in BMI and energy intake. CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide evidence that plant protein, as a part of a plant-based diet, and the resulting limitation of leucine and histidine intake are associated with improvements in body composition and reductions in both body weight and insulin resistance. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada: Vegetarian diets.; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred, and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians, including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits, including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fiber, magnesium, potassium, folate, and antioxidants such as vitamins C and E and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than nonvegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease; vegetarians also show lower blood cholesterol levels; lower blood pressure; and lower rates of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. Although a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes.
Prevention of diabetes with Mediterranean diets: a subgroup analysis of a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Interventions promoting weight loss can reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Whether dietary changes without calorie restriction also protect from diabetes has not been evaluated. OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of Mediterranean diets for the primary prevention of diabetes in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea trial, from October 2003 to December 2010 (median follow-up, 4.1 years). DESIGN: Subgroup analysis of a multicenter, randomized trial. (Current Controlled Trials: ISRCTN35739639) SETTING: Primary care centers in Spain. PARTICIPANTS: Men and women without diabetes (3541 patients aged 55 to 80 years) at high cardiovascular risk. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomly assigned and stratified by site, sex, and age but not diabetes status to receive 1 of 3 diets: Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts, or a control diet (advice on a low-fat diet). No intervention to increase physical activity or lose weight was included. MEASUREMENTS: Incidence of new-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (prespecified secondary outcome). RESULTS: During follow-up, 80, 92, and 101 new-onset cases of diabetes occurred in the Mediterranean diet supplemented with EVOO, Mediterranean diet supplemented with mixed nuts, and control diet groups, respectively, corresponding to rates of 16.0, 18.7, and 23.6 cases per 1000 person-years. Multivariate-adjusted hazard ratios were 0.60 (95% CI, 0.43 to 0.85) for the Mediterranean diet supplemented with EVOO and 0.82 (CI, 0.61 to 1.10) for the Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts compared with the control diet. LIMITATIONS: Randomization was not stratified by diabetes status. Withdrawals were greater in the control group. CONCLUSION: A Mediterranean diet enriched with EVOO but without energy restrictions reduced diabetes risk among persons with high cardiovascular risk. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Instituto de Salud Carlos III. FAU - Salas-Salvadó, Jordi
Glycemic index, glycemic load and glycemic response: An International Scientific Consensus Summit from the International Carbohydrate Quality Consortium (ICQC).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The positive and negative health effects of dietary carbohydrates are of interest to both researchers and consumers. METHODS: International experts on carbohydrate research held a scientific summit in Stresa, Italy, in June 2013 to discuss controversies surrounding the utility of the glycemic index (GI), glycemic load (GL) and glycemic response (GR). RESULTS: The outcome was a scientific consensus statement which recognized the importance of postprandial glycemia in overall health, and the GI as a valid and reproducible method of classifying carbohydrate foods for this purpose. There was consensus that diets low in GI and GL were relevant to the prevention and management of diabetes and coronary heart disease, and probably obesity. Moderate to weak associations were observed for selected cancers. The group affirmed that diets low in GI and GL should always be considered in the context of diets otherwise understood as healthy, complementing additional ways of characterizing carbohydrate foods, such as fiber and whole grain content. Diets of low GI and GL were considered particularly important in individuals with insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: Given the high prevalence of diabetes and pre-diabetes worldwide and the consistency of the scientific evidence reviewed, the expert panel confirmed an urgent need to communicate information on GI and GL to the general public and health professionals, through channels such as national dietary guidelines, food composition tables and food labels.
Effectiveness of A Multifactorial Intervention in Increasing Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet among Patients with Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: A Controlled and Randomized Study (EMID Study). LID - 10.3390/nu11010162 [doi] LID - 162; The Mediterranean diet (MD) is recognized as one of the healthiest dietary patterns and has benefits such as improving glycaemic control among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Our aim is to assess the effectiveness of a multifactorial intervention to improve adherence to the MD, diet quality and biomedical parameters. The EMID study is a randomized and controlled clinical trial with two parallel groups and a 12-month follow-up period. The study included 204 subjects between 25⁻70 years with T2DM. The participants were randomized into intervention group (IG) and control group (CG). Both groups received brief advice about healthy eating and physical activity. The IG participants additionally took part in a food workshop, five walks and received a smartphone application for three months. The population studied had a mean age of 60.6 years. At the 3-month follow-up visit, there were improvements in adherence to the MD and diet quality of 2.2 and 2.5 points, compared to the baseline visit, respectively, in favour of the IG. This tendency of the improvement was maintained, in favour of the IG, at the 12-month follow-up visit. In conclusion, the multifactorial intervention performed could improve adherence to the MD and diet quality among patients with T2DM. FAU - Alonso-Domínguez, Rosario
A low-fat vegan diet and a conventional diabetes diet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes: a randomized, controlled, 74-wk clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Low-fat vegetarian and vegan diets are associated with weight loss, increased insulin sensitivity, and improved cardiovascular health. OBJECTIVE: We compared the effects of a low-fat vegan diet and conventional diabetes diet recommendations on glycemia, weight, and plasma lipids. DESIGN: Free-living individuals with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (n = 49) or a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines (conventional, n = 50) for 74 wk. Glycated hemoglobin (Hb A(1c)) and plasma lipids were assessed at weeks 0, 11, 22, 35, 48, 61, and 74. Weight was measured at weeks 0, 22, and 74. RESULTS: Weight loss was significant within each diet group but not significantly different between groups (-4.4 kg in the vegan group and -3.0 kg in the conventional diet group, P = 0.25) and related significantly to Hb A(1c) changes (r = 0.50, P = 0.001). Hb A(1c) changes from baseline to 74 wk or last available values were -0.34 and -0.14 for vegan and conventional diets, respectively (P = 0.43). Hb A(1c) changes from baseline to last available value or last value before any medication adjustment were -0.40 and 0.01 for vegan and conventional diets, respectively (P = 0.03). In analyses before alterations in lipid-lowering medications, total cholesterol decreased by 20.4 and 6.8 mg/dL in the vegan and conventional diet groups, respectively (P = 0.01); LDL cholesterol decreased by 13.5 and 3.4 mg/dL in the vegan and conventional groups, respectively (P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Both diets were associated with sustained reductions in weight and plasma lipid concentrations. In an analysis controlling for medication changes, a low-fat vegan diet appeared to improve glycemia and plasma lipids more than did conventional diabetes diet recommendations. Whether the observed differences provide clinical benefit for the macro- or microvascular complications of diabetes remains to be established. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00276939. FAU - Barnard, Neal D
Effects of a Mediterranean Eating Plan on the Need for Glucose-Lowering Medications in Participants With Type 2 Diabetes: A Subgroup Analysis of the PREDIMED Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of two Mediterranean eating plans (Med-EatPlans) versus a low-fat eating plan on the need for glucose-lowering medications. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: From the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) trial, we selected 3,230 participants with type 2 diabetes at baseline. These participants were randomly assigned to one of three eating plans: Med-EatPlan supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), Med-EatPlan supplemented with mixed nuts, or a low-fat eating plan (control). In a subgroup (15%), the allocation was done in small clusters instead of using individual randomization, and the clustering effect was taken into account in the statistical analysis. In multivariable time-to-event survival models, we assessed two outcomes: 1) introduction of the first glucose-lowering medication (oral or injectable) among participants on lifestyle management at enrollment and 2) insulin initiation. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 3.2 years, in multivariable analyses adjusting for baseline characteristics and propensity scores, the hazard ratios (HRs) of starting a first glucose-lowering medication were 0.78 (95% CI 0.62-0.98) for Med-EatPlan + EVOO and 0.89 (0.71-1.12) for Med-EatPlan + nuts, compared with the control eating plan. After a median follow-up of 5.1 years, the adjusted HRs of starting insulin treatment were 0.87 (0.68-1.11) for Med-EatPlan + EVOO and 0.89 (0.69-1.14) for Med-EatPlan + nuts compared with the control eating plan. CONCLUSIONS: Among participants with type 2 diabetes, a Med-EatPlan + EVOO may delay the introduction of new-onset glucose-lowering medications. The Med-EatPlan did not result in a significantly lower need for insulin.
Health benefits of herbs and spices: the past, the present, the future.; Herbs and spices have a traditional history of use, with strong roles in cultural heritage, and in the appreciation of food and its links to health. Demonstrating the benefits of foods by scientific means remains a challenge, particularly when compared with standards applied for assessing pharmaceutical agents. Pharmaceuticals are small-molecular-weight compounds consumed in a purified and concentrated form. Food is eaten in combinations, in relatively large, unmeasured quantities under highly socialised conditions. The real challenge lies not in proving whether foods, such as herbs and spices, have health benefits, but in defining what these benefits are and developing the methods to expose them by scientific means. CULTURAL ASPECTS: The place of herbs and spices in the diet needs to be considered in reviewing health benefits. This includes definitions of the food category and the way in which benefits might be viewed, and therefore researched. Research may focus on identifying bioactive substances in herbs and spices, or on their properties as a whole food, and/or be set in the context of a dietary cuisine. THE ROLE OF HERBS AND SPICES IN HEALTH: The antioxidant properties of herbs and spices are of particular interest in view of the impact of oxidative modification of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the development of atherosclerosis. There is level III-3 evidence (National Health and Medical Research Council [NHMRC] levels of evidence) that consuming a half to one clove of garlic (or equivalent) daily may have a cholesterol-lowering effect of up to 9%. There is level III-1 evidence that 7.2 g of aged garlic extract has been associated with anticlotting (in-vivo studies), as well as modest reductions in blood pressure (an approximate 5.5% decrease in systolic blood pressure). A range of bioactive compounds in herbs and spices have been studied for anticarcinogenic properties in animals, but the challenge lies in integrating this knowledge to ascertain whether any effects can be observed in humans, and within defined cuisines. Research on the effects of herbs and spices on mental health should distinguish between cognitive decline associated with ageing and the acute effects of psychological and cognitive function. There is level I and II evidence for the effect of some herbal supplements on psychological and cognitive function. There is very limited scientific evidence for the effects of herbs and spices on type 2 diabetes mellitus, with the best evidence being available for the effect of ginseng on glycaemia, albeit based on four studies. More research is required, particularly examining the effects of chronic consumption patterns. With increasing interest in alternatives to non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents in the management of chronic inflammation, research is emerging on the use of food extracts. There is level II evidence for the use of ginger in ameliorating arthritic knee pain; however, the improvement is modest and the efficacy of ginger treatment is ranked below that of ibuprofen. More definitive research is required. PUBLIC HEALTH AND DIETARY IMPLICATIONS: Recommendations for intakes of food in the Australian guide to healthy eating do not yet include suggested intakes of herbs and spices. Future consideration should be given to including more explicit recommendations about their place in a healthy diet. In addition to delivering antioxidant and other properties, herbs and spices can be used in recipes to partially or wholly replace less desirable ingredients such as salt, sugar and added saturated fat in, for example, marinades and dressings, stir-fry dishes, casseroles, soups, curries and Mediterranean-style cooking. Vegetable dishes and vegetarian options may be more appetising when prepared with herbs and spices. FUTURE DIRECTIONS: As several metabolic diseases and age-related degenerative disorders are closely associated with oxidative processes in the body, the use of herbs and spices as a source of antioxidants to combat oxidation warrants further attention. Immediate studies should focus on validating the antioxidant capacity of herbs and spices after harvest, as well as testing their effects on markers of oxidation. This will work in parallel with clinical trials that are aiming to establish antioxidants as mediators of disease prevention. From a dietary perspective, the functionality of herbs and spices will be exposed through consideration of their properties as foods. As with most foods, the real benefits of including them in the diet are likely to emerge with a better understanding of the attributes of health that are best supported by food, and in methodological developments addressing the evidence base for their effects. These developments are well underway through evidence-based frameworks for substantiating health claims related to foods. At present, recommendations are warranted to support the consumption of foods rich in bioactive components, such as herbs and spices. With time, we can expect to see a greater body of scientific evidence supporting the benefits of herbs and spices in the overall maintenance of health and protection from disease. FAU - Tapsell, Linda C
Vegetarian and vegan diets in type 2 diabetes management.; Vegetarian and vegan diets offer significant benefits for diabetes management. In observational studies, individuals following vegetarian diets are about half as likely to develop diabetes, compared with non-vegetarians. In clinical trials in individuals with type 2 diabetes, low-fat vegan diets improve glycemic control to a greater extent than conventional diabetes diets. Although this effect is primarily attributable to greater weight loss, evidence also suggests that reduced intake of saturated fats and high-glycemic-index foods, increased intake of dietary fiber and vegetable protein, reduced intramyocellular lipid concentrations, and decreased iron stores mediate the influence of plant-based diets on glycemia. Vegetarian and vegan diets also improve plasma lipid concentrations and have been shown to reverse atherosclerosis progression. In clinical studies, the reported acceptability of vegetarian and vegan diets is comparable to other therapeutic regimens. The presently available literature indicates that vegetarian and vegan diets present potential advantages for the management of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Barnard, Neal D
Vegetarian diets and chronic kidney disease.; While dietary restriction of protein intake has long been proposed as a possible kidney-protective treatment, the effects of changes in the quality of ingested proteins on the prevalence and risk of progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) have been scarcely studied; these two aspects are reviewed in the present article. The prevalence of hypertension, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome, which are the main causes of CKD in Western countries, is lower in vegetarian populations. Moreover, there is a negative relationship between several components of plant-based diets and numerous factors related to CKD progression such as uraemic toxins, inflammation, oxidative stress, metabolic acidosis, phosphate load and insulin resistance. In fact, results from different studies seem to confirm a kidney-protective effect of plant-based diets in the primary prevention of CKD and the secondary prevention of CKD progression. Various studies have determined the nutritional safety of plant-based diets in CKD patients, despite the combination of a more or less severe dietary protein restriction. As observed in the healthy population, this dietary pattern is associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality in CKD patients. We propose that plant-based diets should be included as part of the clinical recommendations for both the prevention and management of CKD. FAU - Chauveau, Philippe
A network meta-analysis on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; The aim of the present study is to assess the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus using a systematic review of the literature. Electronic and hand searches were performed until July 2017. The inclusion criteria were defined as follows: (1) randomized trial with a dietary approach; (2) adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus; (3) outcome either HbA1c (%) and/or fasting glucose (mmol/l); (4) minimum intervention period of 12 weeks. For each outcome measure, random effects network meta-analysis was performed in order to determine the pooled effect of each intervention relative to each of the other interventions. A total of 56 trials comparing nine dietary approaches (low-fat, Vegetarian, Mediterranean, high-protein, moderate-carbohydrate, low-carbohydrate, control, low GI/GL, Palaeolithic) enrolling 4937 participants were included. For reducing HbA1c, the low-carbohydrate diet was ranked as the best dietary approach (SUCRA: 84%), followed by the Mediterranean diet (80%) and Palaeolithic diet (76%) compared to a control diet. For reducing fasting glucose, the Mediterranean diet (88%) was ranked as the best approach, followed by Palaeolithic diet (71%) and Vegetarian diet (63%). The network analysis also revealed that all dietary approaches significantly reduce HbA1c (- 0.82 to - 0.47% reduction) and fasting glucose (- 1.61 to - 1.00 mmol/l reduction) compared to a control diet. According to the network meta-analysis the Mediterranean diet is the most effective and efficacious dietary approach to improve glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes patients. FAU - Schwingshackl, Lukas
Effects of A One-week Fasting Therapy in Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus and Metabolic Syndrome - A Randomized Controlled Explorative Study.; There is increasing experimental evidence for beneficial effects of calorie restriction and intermittent fasting in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In humans, prolonged fasting is established as a health-promoting complementary treatment in Europe and claimed to improve metabolism by a complex hormetic response. We aimed to investigate effects of a one-week fasting period compared to usual care in T2DM by means of a pilot trial. Patients with manifest T2DM medically treated with oral hypoglycemic agents and/or insulin were randomly assigned to a 7-day fasting program followed by dietary advice or to usual care and dietary advice only. Fasting was performed according to the method of Buchinger with a nutritional energy intake of 300kcal/day by liquids only and stepwise re-introduction of solid food thereafter. Outcomes were assessed baseline and after 4 months. Of 46 enrolled participants, 32 (n=16 each group) completed the trial and were included for final analyses. Fasting was well accepted, there were no serious adverse events. After 4 months mean weight decreased by 3.5 kg and 2.0 kg in the fasting vs. control group (p=0.03) paralleled by greater reduction of abdominal circumference (p=0.001). Fasting led to a significant decrease of systolic/diastolic blood pressure (p=0.01; p=0.003) and increased quality-of-life (p=0.04), while for HbA(1c), insulin and HOMA-index only non-significant improvements were observed. Results of this study suggest that prolonged fasting is feasible and might have beneficial clinical effects. The effectiveness of fasting should be proved in larger confirmatory trials that include intermittent fasting in follow-ups to enable more pronounced and long-term effects.
Reduction in the incidence of type 2 diabetes with the Mediterranean diet: results of the PREDIMED-Reus nutrition intervention randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: To test the effects of two Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) interventions versus a low-fat diet on incidence of diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a three-arm randomized trial in 418 nondiabetic subjects aged 55-80 years recruited in one center (PREDIMED-Reus, northeastern Spain) of the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea [PREDIMED] study, a large nutrition intervention trial for primary cardiovascular prevention in individuals at high cardiovascular risk. Participants were randomly assigned to education on a low-fat diet (control group) or to one of two MedDiets, supplemented with either free virgin olive oil (1 liter/week) or nuts (30 g/day). Diets were ad libitum, and no advice on physical activity was given. The main outcome was diabetes incidence diagnosed by the 2009 American Diabetes Association criteria. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 4.0 years, diabetes incidence was 10.1% (95% CI 5.1-15.1), 11.0% (5.9-16.1), and 17.9% (11.4-24.4) in the MedDiet with olive oil group, the MedDiet with nuts group, and the control group, respectively. Multivariable adjusted hazard ratios of diabetes were 0.49 (0.25-0.97) and 0.48 (0.24-0.96) in the MedDiet supplemented with olive oil and nuts groups, respectively, compared with the control group. When the two MedDiet groups were pooled and compared with the control group, diabetes incidence was reduced by 52% (27-86). In all study arms, increased adherence to the MedDiet was inversely associated with diabetes incidence. Diabetes risk reduction occurred in the absence of significant changes in body weight or physical activity. CONCLUSIONS: MedDiets without calorie restriction seem to be effective in the prevention of diabetes in subjects at high cardiovascular risk. FAU - Salas-Salvadó, Jordi
Vegetarian Diets in the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes.; Observational studies show that prevalence of type 2 diabetes is 1.6 to 2 times lower in vegetarians than in the general population, even after adjustment for differences in body mass index (BMI). Clinical interventional trials demonstrated that vegetarian diets lead to a greater weight loss and greater reduction in fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, blood lipids, and hypoglycemic medication than a conventional hypocaloric diet in subjects with type 2 diabetes. We found a greater reduction in visceral fat and greater improvements in insulin resistance and oxidative stress markers with a vegetarian compared to a conventional hypocaloric diabetic diet. Vegetarian diets are sustainable in the long term and may elicit desirable improvements not only in physical health but also in mental health. The American Dietetic Association states that well-planned vegetarian diets are healthy and nutritionally adequate and they may be beneficial in prevention and treatment of some illnesses. Larger clinical trials are needed to confirm the effectiveness and promote the inclusion of vegetarian diets in dietary guidelines for prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Wine and Health-New Evidence.; Health benefits of moderate wine consumption have been studied during the past decades, first in observational studies and more recently, in experimental settings and randomized controlled studies. Suggested biological pathways include antioxidant, lipid regulating, and anti-inflammatory effects. Both the alcoholic and polyphenolic components of wine are believed to contribute to these beneficial effects. Although several of these studies demonstrated protective associations between moderate drinking and cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis, hypertension, certain types of cancer, type 2 diabetes, neurological disorders, and the metabolic syndrome, no conclusive recommendations exist regarding moderate wine consumption. Yet, it is suggested that the physician and patient should discuss alcohol use. In the CASCADE (CArdiovaSCulAr Diabetes & Ethanol) trial, 224 abstainers with type 2 diabetes were randomized to consume red wine, white wine or mineral water for two years. Here, we summarize our previous findings, offer new evidence concerning the differential effects of wine consumption among men and women, and further suggest that initiating moderate alcohol consumption among well-controlled persons with type 2 diabetes is apparently safe, in regard to changes in heart rate variability and carotid plaque formation. FAU - Golan, Rachel
Vegetarian Diet in Chronic Kidney Disease-A Friend or Foe. LID - 10.3390/nu9040374 [doi] LID - 374; Healthy diet is highly important, especially in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Proper nutrition provides the energy to perform everyday activities, prevents infection, builds muscle, and helps to prevent kidney disease from getting worse. However, what does a proper diet mean for a CKD patient? Nutrition requirements differ depending on the level of kidney function and the presence of co-morbid conditions, including hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The diet of CKD patients should help to slow the rate of progression of kidney failure, reduce uremic toxicity, decrease proteinuria, maintain good nutritional status, and lower the risk of kidney disease-related secondary complications (cardiovascular disease, bone disease, and hypertension). It has been suggested that plant proteins may exert beneficial effects on blood pressure, proteinuria, and glomerular filtration rate, as well as results in milder renal tissue damage when compared to animal proteins. The National Kidney Foundation recommends vegetarianism, or part-time vegetarian diet as being beneficial to CKD patients. Their recommendations are supported by the results of studies demonstrating that a plant-based diet may hamper the development or progression of some complications of chronic kidney disease, such as heart disease, protein loss in urine, and the progression of kidney damage. However, there are sparse reports suggesting that a vegan diet is not appropriate for CKD patients and those undergoing dialysis due to the difficulty in consuming enough protein and in maintaining proper potassium and phosphorus levels. Therefore, this review will focus on the problem as to whether vegetarian diet and its modifications are suitable for chronic kidney disease patients. FAU - Gluba-Brzózka, Anna
Usefulness of vegetarian and vegan diets for treating type 2 diabetes.; Significant benefits for diabetes prevention and management have been observed with vegetarian and especially vegan diets. This article reviews observational studies and intervention trials on such diets, and discusses their efficacy, nutritional adequacy, acceptability, and sustainability. Research to date has demonstrated that a low-fat, plant-based nutritional approach improves control of weight, glycemia, and cardiovascular risk. These studies have also shown that carefully planned vegan diets can be more nutritious than diets based on more conventional diet guidelines, with an acceptability that is comparable with that of other therapeutic regimens. Current intervention guidelines from professional organizations offer support for this approach. Vegetarian and vegan diets present potential advantages in managing type 2 diabetes that merit the attention of individuals with diabetes and their caregivers. FAU - Trapp, Caroline B
Effect of the vegetarian diet on non-communicable diseases.; A vegetarian diet generally includes plenty of vegetables and fruits, which are rich in phytochemicals, antioxidants, fiber, magnesium, vitamins C and E, Fe³⁺, folic acid and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA), and is low in cholesterol, total fat and saturated fatty acid, sodium, Fe²⁺, zinc, vitamin A, B₁₂ and D, and especially n-3 PUFA. Mortality from all-cause, ischemic heart disease, and circulatory and cerebrovascular diseases was significantly lower in vegetarians than in omnivorous populations. Compared with omnivores, the incidence of cancer and type 2 diabetes was also significantly lower in vegetarians. However, vegetarians have a number of increased risk factors for non-communicable diseases such as increased plasma homocysteine, mean platelet volume and platelet aggregability compared with omnivores, which are associated with low intake of vitamin B₁₂ and n-3 PUFA. Based on the present data, it would seem appropriate for vegetarians to carefully design their diet, specifically focusing on increasing their intake of vitamin B₁₂ and n-3 PUFA to further reduce already low mortality and morbidity from non-communicable diseases.
Legume Consumption and Cardiometabolic Health.; Legumes are key components of several plant-based diets and are recognized as having a wide range of potential health benefits. Previous systematic reviews and meta-analyses have summarized the evidence regarding different cardiometabolic outcomes, such as cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D), and legume consumption. However, those studies did not differentiate between nonsoy and soy legumes, which have different nutritional profiles. The aim of the present updated review, therefore, was to summarize and meta-analyze the published evidence regarding legume consumption (making a distinction between nonsoy and soy legumes) and cardiometabolic diseases. In addition, we reviewed randomized clinical trials assessing the effect of legume consumption on CVD risk factors in order to understand their associations. The results revealed a prospective, significant inverse association between total legume consumption and CVD and coronary heart disease risk, whereas a nonsignificant association was observed with T2D and stroke. In the stratified analysis by legume subtypes, only nonsoy legumes were associated with lower risk of T2D. Unfortunately, owing to the paucity of studies analyzing legumes and CVD, it was not possible to stratify the analysis for these outcomes. Because of the high degree of heterogeneity observed for most of the outcomes and the few studies included in some analyses, further prospective studies are warranted to determine the potential role of legume consumption on CVD and T2D.
Polyphenols and Glycemic Control. LID - 10.3390/nu8010017 [doi] LID - 17; Growing evidence from animal studies supports the anti-diabetic properties of some dietary polyphenols, suggesting that dietary polyphenols could be one dietary therapy for the prevention and management of Type 2 diabetes. This review aims to address the potential mechanisms of action of dietary polyphenols in the regulation of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity based on in vitro and in vivo studies, and to provide a comprehensive overview of the anti-diabetic effects of commonly consumed dietary polyphenols including polyphenol-rich mixed diets, tea and coffee, chocolate and cocoa, cinnamon, grape, pomegranate, red wine, berries and olive oil, with a focus on human clinical trials. Dietary polyphenols may inhibit α-amylase and α-glucosidase, inhibit glucose absorption in the intestine by sodium-dependent glucose transporter 1 (SGLT1), stimulate insulin secretion and reduce hepatic glucose output. Polyphenols may also enhance insulin-dependent glucose uptake, activate 5' adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK), modify the microbiome and have anti-inflammatory effects. However, human epidemiological and intervention studies have shown inconsistent results. Further intervention studies are essential to clarify the conflicting findings and confirm or refute the anti-diabetic effects of dietary polyphenols. FAU - Kim, Yoona
Cardio-Metabolic Benefits of Plant-Based Diets. LID - 10.3390/nu9080848 [doi] LID - 848; Cardio-metabolic disease, namely ischemic heart disease, stroke, obesity, and type 2 diabetes, represent substantial health and economic burdens. Almost one half of cardio-metabolic deaths in the U.S. might be prevented through proper nutrition. Plant-based (vegetarian and vegan) diets are an effective strategy for improving nutrient intake. At the same time, they are associated with decreased all-cause mortality and decreased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and coronary heart disease. Evidence suggests that plant-based diets may reduce the risk of coronary heart disease events by an estimated 40% and the risk of cerebral vascular disease events by 29%. These diets also reduce the risk of developing metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes by about one half. Properly planned vegetarian diets are healthful, effective for weight and glycemic control, and provide metabolic and cardiovascular benefits, including reversing atherosclerosis and decreasing blood lipids and blood pressure. The use of plant-based diets as a means of prevention and treatment of cardio-metabolic disease should be promoted through dietary guidelines and recommendations. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes.; Consumption of selected dietary components is favourably associated with prevention of type 2 diabetes, but discordant results for some foods or single nutrients continue to appear. The study of complete dietary patterns represents the most adequate approach to assess the role of diet on the risk of diabetes. The term 'Mediterranean diet' essentially refers to a primarily plant-based dietary pattern whose greater consumption has been associated with higher survival for lower all-cause mortality. At least five large prospective studies report a substantially lower risk of type 2 diabetes in healthy people or at risk patients with the highest adherence to a Mediterranean diet. Five randomized controlled trials have evaluated the effects of a Mediterranean diet, as compared with other commonly used diets, on glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Improvement of HbA1c levels was greater with a Mediterranean diet and ranged from 0.1% to 0.6% for HbA1c . No trial reported worsening of glycaemic control with a Mediterranean diet. Although no controlled trial specifically assessed the role of a Mediterranean diet in reducing cardiovascular events in type 2 diabetes, there is evidence that post-infarct or high-risk patients, including diabetic patients, may have cardiovascular benefits from a Mediterranean diet. The evidence so far accumulated suggests that adopting a Mediterranean diet may help prevent type 2 diabetes; moreover, a lower carbohydrate, Mediterranean-style diet seems good for HbA1c reduction in persons with established diabetes.
A plant-based diet for type 2 diabetes: scientific support and practical strategies.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this review is to provide educators with the knowledge and tools to utilize plant-based nutrition education as an intervention for type 2 diabetes. Scientific support for the efficacy, acceptability, and nutritional adequacy of a plant-based diet for people with type 2 diabetes is presented, and practical considerations such as medication adjustment and risk of hypoglycemia are reviewed. CONCLUSIONS: Plant-based meal planning is an acceptable and effective strategy that educators can use to improve diabetes management and reduce risk of complications. Studies show that dietary changes that are effective for reducing cardiac risk may also be helpful for management of type 2 diabetes. A low-fat, plant-based diet reduces body weight and improves glycemic control, and has been shown to be remarkably well accepted by patients. FAU - Trapp, Caroline
Multiple Health Benefits and Minimal Risks Associated with Vegetarian Diets.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Understand the current prevalence, health benefits, and health risks of vegetarian diets. RECENT FINDINGS: Since the publishing of the Adventist Health Study 2 in 2013, there have been several prospective diet studies demonstrating and challenging the health benefits and risks of the vegetarian diet. The definition of the vegetarian diet has become more specific over time and requires standardization for research purposes. Despite an uptrend in sales rates of plant-based foods per year, a 2018 Gallup poll showed overall stagnation of the percentage of self-reported vegetarians and vegans compared to percentages obtained 6 years prior. Compared to the Adventist Health Study, more recent vegetarian diet studies have demonstrated significant although smaller risk reductions for mortality in cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and chronic kidney disease. Recent studies have correlated certain food groups with early death or increased longevity. In addition, the vegetarian health risks of deficiencies of protein, omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, vitamin B12, iron, calcium, and zinc are explored. FAU - Rocha, Jason P
Type 2 diabetes and the vegetarian diet.; Based on what is known of the components of plant-based diets and their effects from cohort studies, there is reason to believe that vegetarian diets would have advantages in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. At present there are few data on vegetarian diets in diabetes that do not in addition have weight loss or exercise components. Nevertheless, the use of whole-grain or traditionally processed cereals and legumes has been associated with improved glycemic control in both diabetic and insulin-resistant individuals. Long-term cohort studies have indicated that whole-grain consumption reduces the risk of both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In addition, nuts (eg, almonds), viscous fibers (eg, fibers from oats and barley), soy proteins, and plant sterols, which may be part of the vegetarian diet, reduce serum lipids. In combination, these plant food components may have a very significant impact on cardiovascular disease, one of the major complications of diabetes. Furthermore, substituting soy or other vegetable proteins for animal protein may also decrease renal hyperfiltration, proteinuria, and renal acid load and in the long term reduce the risk of developing renal disease in type 2 diabetes. The vegetarian diet, therefore, contains a portfolio of natural products and food forms of benefit for both the carbohydrate and lipid abnormalities in diabetes. It is anticipated that their combined use in vegetarian diets will produce very significant metabolic advantages for the prevention and treatment of diabetes and its complications. FAU - Jenkins, David J A
Nutritional management of hyperapoB.; Plasma apoB is a more accurate marker of the risk of CVD and type 2 diabetes (T2D) than LDL-cholesterol; however, nutritional reviews targeting apoB are scarce. Here we reviewed eighty-seven nutritional studies and present conclusions in order of strength of evidence. Plasma apoB was reduced in all studies that induced weight loss of 6-12 % using hypoenergetic diets (seven studies; 5440-7110 kJ/d; 1300-1700 kcal/d; 34-50 % carbohydrates; 27-39 % fat; 18-24 % protein). When macronutrients were compared in isoenergetic diets (eleven studies including eight randomised controlled trials (RCT); n 1189), the diets that reduced plasma apoB were composed of 26-51 % carbohydrates, 26-46 % fat, 11-32 % protein, 10-27 % MUFA, 5-14 % PUFA and 7-13 % SFA. Replacement of carbohydrate by MUFA, not SFA, decreased plasma apoB. Moreover, dietary enriching with n-3 fatty acids (FA) (from fish: 1·1-1·7 g/d or supplementation: 3·2-3·4 g/d EPA/DHA or 4 g/d EPA), psyllium (about 8-20 g/d), phytosterols (about 2-4 g/d) or nuts (30-75 g/d) also decreased plasma apoB, mostly in hyperlipidaemic subjects. While high intake of trans-FA (4·3-9·1 %) increased plasma apoB, it is unlikely that these amounts represent usual consumption. Inconsistent data existed on the effect of soya proteins (25-30 g/d), while the positive association of alcohol consumption with low plasma apoB was reported in cross-sectional studies only. Five isoenergetic studies using Mediterranean diets (including two RCT; 823 subjects) reported a decrease of plasma apoB, while weaker evidence existed for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), vegetarian, Nordic and Palaeolithic diets. We recommend using a Mediterranean dietary pattern, which also encompasses the dietary components reported to reduce plasma apoB, to target hyperapoB and reduce the risks of CVD and T2D. FAU - Lamantia, Valérie
Dietary fat and risk of type 2 diabetes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Nutrition recommendations emphasize that not only dietary fat quantity but also fat quality plays a role in the prevention of type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of this review is to summarize the evidence for dietary fat and risk of T2D, to highlight recent findings and point out future research directions. RECENT FINDINGS: Total fat intake was not associated with risk of T2D, whereas the findings on fatty acids (FAs) and risk of T2D were controversial. Recent findings suggested that FAs from the same classes (e.g. omega-6 FAs) but different sources might be differently associated with the risk of T2D, with indication for an association with lower risk of T2D for plant-based and higher risk/no association for animal-based FAs. In addition, differences between populations from different geographic areas might exist, but no interaction effects for fat intake and genetic predisposition were observed regarding T2D risk. The simultaneous investigation of different fats and dietary patterns can provide important and meaningful insights into these associations. SUMMARY: The evidence for the association between dietary fat intake and risk of T2D is not conclusive yet. To strengthen the evidence, the complexity of the different associations of dietary fats should be considered in well conducted future studies. FAU - Schlesinger, Sabrina
Adherence to a Vegetarian Diet and Diabetes Risk: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Observational Studies. LID - 10.3390/nu9060603 [doi] LID - 603; We quantitatively assessed the association between a vegetarian diet and diabetes risk using pooled estimates from observational studies. Electronic database searches for articles published from January 1980 to May 2016 were independently performed by two investigators, and 13 articles (14 studies) were identified. The pooled odds ratio (OR) for diabetes in vegetarians vs. non-vegetarians was 0.726 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.608, 0.867). In the subgroup analyses, this inverse association was stronger for the studies conducted in the Western Pacific region (OR 0.514, 95% CI: 0.304, 0.871) and Europe/North America (OR 0.756, 95% CI: 0.589, 0.971) than studies conducted in Southeast Asia (OR 0.888, 95% CI: 0.718, 1.099). No study had a substantial effect on the pooled effect size in the influence analysis, and the Egger's (p = 0.465) and Begg's tests (p = 0.584) revealed no publication bias. This meta-analysis indicates that a vegetarian diet is inversely associated with diabetes risk. Our results support the need for further investigations into the effects of the motivations for vegetarianism, the duration of the adherence to a vegetarian diet, and type of vegetarian on diabetes risk. FAU - Lee, Yujin
Alternate dietary lifestyles.; Various forms of vegetarian diets are discussed and evaluated for their nutritional adequacy. Health, philosophical, religious, ecological, and economic concerns are suggested as possible reasons for these alternate dietary lifestyles. Nutrients of specific concern ot the vegetarian are highlighted and suggestions given to help incorporate these in the diet, thereby avoiding marginal intakes. With judicious menu planning and careful thought to food selections, most vegetarian diets can supply excellent nutrition. Very restricted vegetarian diets or higher level macrobiotic diets may not be nutritionally complete, and individuals following these diets may benefit from special dietary counseling and dietary supplementation. Otherwise, these diets may place the adult as well as pregnant and lactating women, infants, and children at a nutritional risk. As vegetarian food habits are becoming more widespread, physicians and nutritionists must be knowledgeable about these alternate dietary lifestyles in order to counsel their patients appropriately, to understand the reasons for these eating habits, and to be supportive of the choice of diet. FAU - Krey, S H
Nutrition in Type 2 Diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome.; For individuals at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus or the metabolic syndrome, adherence to an idealized dietary pattern can drastically alter the risk and course of these chronic conditions. Target levels of carbohydrate intake should approximate 30% of consumed calories. Healthy food choices should include copious fruits, vegetables, and nuts while minimizing foods with high glycemic indices, especially processed foods.
Mediterranean diet and diabetes: prevention and treatment.; The aim of the present review is to examine current scientific knowledge on the association between the Mediterranean diet and diabetes mellitus (mostly type 2 diabetes). A definition of the Mediterranean diet and the tools widely used to evaluate adherence to this traditional diet (Mediterranean diet indices) are briefly presented. The review focuses on epidemiological data linking adherence to the Mediterranean diet with the risk of diabetes development, as well as evidence from interventional studies assessing the effect of the Mediterranean diet on diabetes control and the management of diabetes-related complications. The above mentioned data are explored on the basis of evaluating the Mediterranean diet as a whole dietary pattern, rather than focusing on the effect of its individual components. Possible protective mechanisms of the Mediterranean diet against diabetes are also briefly discussed. FAU - Georgoulis, Michael
Vegetarian diets, low-meat diets and health: a review.; OBJECTIVE: To review the epidemiological evidence for vegetarian diets, low-meat dietary patterns and their association with health status in adults. DESIGN: Published literature review focusing primarily on prospective studies and meta-analyses examining the association between vegetarian diets and health outcomes. RESULTS: Both vegetarian diets and prudent diets allowing small amounts of red meat are associated with reduced risk of diseases, particularly CHD and type 2 diabetes. There is limited evidence of an association between vegetarian diets and cancer prevention. Evidence linking red meat intake, particularly processed meat, and increased risk of CHD, cancer and type 2 diabetes is convincing and provides indirect support for consumption of a plant-based diet. CONCLUSIONS: The health benefits of vegetarian diets are not unique. Prudent plant-based dietary patterns which also allow small intakes of red meat, fish and dairy products have demonstrated significant improvements in health status as well. At this time an optimal dietary intake for health status is unknown. Plant-based diets contain a host of food and nutrients known to have independent health benefits. While vegetarian diets have not shown any adverse effects on health, restrictive and monotonous vegetarian diets may result in nutrient deficiencies with deleterious effects on health. For this reason, appropriate advice is important to ensure a vegetarian diet is nutritionally adequate especially for vulnerable groups. FAU - McEvoy, Claire T
Vegetarian diets and weight status.; The increasing global health problems of overweight and obesity are associated with coronary heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, osteoarthritis, and certain cancers, among other health concerns. Vegetarian diets are associated with reduced body weight, lower incidence of certain chronic disease, and lower medical costs compared with non-vegetarian diets. We reviewed the literature to ascertain the extent to which and by what mechanism(s) a plant-based diet may mediate body weight. FAU - Berkow, Susan E
Mediterranean diet and health.; Over the last decades, a considerable body of evidence supported the hypothesis that diet and dietary factors play a relevant role in the occurrence of diseases. To date, all the major scientific associations as well as the World Health Organization and the nonscientific organizations place an ever-increasing emphasis on the role of diet in preventing noncommunicable diseases. Many studies have evaluated the associations between food groups, foods, or nutrients and chronic diseases, and a consensus about the role of nutritional factors in the etiology of common diseases, such as cardiovascular and neoplastic diseases, has gradually emerged. Indeed, data from analytical and experimental studies indicated a relation between increased consumption of some food categories such as fruits and vegetables, fiber and whole grains, fish, and moderate consumption of alcohol and reduced risk of major chronic degenerative diseases, whereas increased total caloric intake, body weight, meat, and fats are associated with greater risk. However, the appropriate dietary strategy to prevent chronic degenerative diseases remains a challenging and a highly relevant issue. Recently, Mediterranean diet has been extensively reported to be associated with a favorable health outcome and a better quality of life. In the present review, we encompass the updated evidence of the beneficial effects of Mediterranean diet in the occurrence of major chronic degenerative diseases.
Whole food approach for type 2 diabetes prevention.; Diet is intimately associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Recently, attention has focused on the contributions of individual nutrients, food groups and eating patterns to the outcome of T2D. High consumption of coffee, whole grains, fruits and vegetables, and nuts are each independently associated with the reduced risk of T2D in high risk, glucose intolerant individuals. Experimental and clinical trials have given insight to the diverse mechanisms that may be responsible for the observed protective effects of certain foods on T2D, including nutrients, phytochemicals and dietary fiber, weight control, enhanced satiety and improvement in glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in diabetic patients. Elevated consumption of refined grains and sugar-sweetened beverages has shown to significantly elevate the risk of incident T2D. An overall healthy diet primarily comprising whole plant-based foods, together with regular physical activity and weight manage, could significantly reduce the risk of T2D. The present review consolidates current research and delineates major food groups shown to significantly influence risk of T2D. Documenting and quantifying the effects of diet on the outcome of T2D are of great scientific and public health importance as there is urgent need to implement dietary strategies to prevent and manage the outcome of T2D.
A perspective on vegetarian dietary patterns and risk of metabolic syndrome.; The vegetarian dietary pattern is traditionally a plant-based diet that includes fruits, vegetables, cereals, legumes, nuts, vegetable oils, soya, and possibly dairy products and/or eggs. Vegetarians and other populations who follow a plant-based dietary pattern enjoy longevity. Specifically, vegetarian dietary patterns have been associated with a lower risk for developing IHD, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, specific cancers, lower all-cause mortality and reduction in cause-specific mortality. The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the USA is approximately 20 % and is currently increasing in developing countries in line with the obesity epidemic. The health care costs associated with the MetS are on a magnitude of 1.6 overall compared with healthy individuals, which makes it an important public health problem. Current evidence from several cross-sectional and case-control studies shows an association between consumption of a vegetarian dietary pattern and a reduced prevalence or risk of developing the MetS. There is a need for further research to be conducted, particularly prospective cohort studies to evaluate the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on reducing the incidence of the MetS and, clinical trials should be designed to explore vegetarian dietary patterns for the reversal of the MetS in high-risk populations. This research could contribute to reduce the societal and economic burdens associated with the disorder. FAU - Sabaté, Joan
Targeting inflammation to reduce ASCVD in type 2 diabetes.; ASCVD is the leading cause of mortality in T2DM. Inflammation appears to be pivotal in the genesis of ASCVD. As T2DM is also a pro-inflammatory state, our aim was to determine the benefit of anti-inflammatory strategies on ASCVD in T2DM. PubMed searches were conducted using the keywords of T2DM, ASCVD, Inflammation and clinical trials. Our data review suggests that the Mediterranean diet, GLP1 receptor agonists and a monoclonal antibody against IL-1 reduces ASCVD events in T2DM. The former 2 therapies appear to be safe. Anti-IL-1 therapy resulted in an increase mortality from infections. We conclude that only the Mediterranean diet and GLP1 receptor agonists can be safely incorporated into mainstay therapy for patients with T2DM to reduce ASCVD. Further studies are required with respect to biologics targeting Inflammation to establish benefit to risk ratio.
Diet and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus: beyond weight loss and exercise.; INTRODUCTION: Insulin resistance (IR) and pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction are core pathophysiologic features of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Select lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions, including weight loss, physical activity, a Mediterranean diet intervention, and hypoglycemic agents, have been shown to prevent or delay T2DM. However, dietary factors other than weight loss may also impact risk, mainly through effects to enhance insulin sensitivity, although some may also directly or indirectly impact pancreatic beta-cell function. AREAS COVERED: A literature review of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted, and the research indicates dietary factors showing promise for reducing T2DM risk include higher intakes of cereal fibers, unsaturated fatty acids, magnesium, and polyphenols (e.g. anthocyanins), while reducing dietary glycemic load, added sugars, and high-sugar beverages. EXPERT COMMENTARY: While these dietary factors are mainly supported by evidence from observational studies and RCTs of surrogate markers for T2DM, they are consistent with current recommendations to emphasize consumption of whole grains, nuts, seeds, legumes, seafood, fruits, and vegetables, while limiting intakes of saturated fatty acids, refined carbohydrates, and processed meats. Additional dietary intervention RCTs are needed to assess the efficacy of these promising dietary interventions for delaying or preventing the onset of T2DM. FAU - Palacios, Orsolya M
Effect of diet on type 2 diabetes mellitus: a review.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is one of the fastest growing diseases; the number of people affected by diabetes will soon reach 552 million worldwide, with associated increases in complications and healthcare expenditure. Lifestyle and medical nutrition therapy are considered the keystones of type 2 diabetes prevention and treatment, but there is no definite consensus on how to treat this disease with these therapies. The American Diabetes Association has made several recommendations regarding the medical nutrition therapy of diabetes; these emphasize the importance of minimizing macrovascular and microvascular complications in people with diabetes. Four types of diets were reviewed for their effects on diabetes: the Mediterranean diet, a low-carbohydrate/high-protein diet, a vegan diet and a vegetarian diet. Each of the four types of diet has been shown to improve metabolic conditions, but the degree of improvement varies from patient to patient. Therefore, it is necessary to evaluate a patient's pathophysiological characteristics in order to determine the diet that will achieve metabolic improvement in each individual. Many dietary regimens are available for patients with type 2 diabetes to choose from, according to personal taste and cultural tradition. It is important to provide a tailor-made diet wherever possible in order to maximize the efficacy of the diet on reducing diabetes symptoms and to encourage patient adherence. Additional randomized studies, both short term (to analyse physiological responses) and long term, could help reduce the multitude of diets currently recommended and focus on a shorter list of useful regimens.
Plant versus animal based diets and insulin resistance, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: the Rotterdam Study.; Vegan or vegetarian diets have been suggested to reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, not much is known on whether variation in the degree of having a plant-based versus animal-based diet may be beneficial for prevention of T2D. We aimed to investigate whether level of adherence to a diet high in plant-based foods and low in animal-based foods is associated with insulin resistance, prediabetes, and T2D. Our analysis included 6798 participants (62.7 ± 7.8 years) from the Rotterdam Study (RS), a prospective population-based cohort in the Netherlands. Dietary intake data were collected with food-frequency questionnaires at baseline of three sub-cohorts of RS (RS-I-1: 1989-1993, RS-II-1: 2000-2001, RS-III-1: 2006-2008). We constructed a continuous plant-based dietary index (range 0-92) assessing adherence to a plant-based versus animal-based diet. Insulin resistance at baseline and follow-up was assessed using homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Prediabetes and T2D were collected from general practitioners' records, pharmacies' databases, and follow-up examinations in our research center until 2012. We used multivariable linear mixed models to examine association of the index with longitudinal HOMA-IR, and multivariable Cox proportional-hazards regression models to examine associations of the index with risk of prediabetes and T2D. During median 5.7, and 7.3 years of follow-up, we documented 928 prediabetes cases and 642 T2D cases. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, a higher score on the plant-based dietary index was associated with lower insulin resistance (per 10 units higher score: β = -0.09; 95% CI: - 0.10; - 0.08), lower prediabetes risk (HR = 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81; 0.98), and lower T2D risk [HR = 0.82 (0.73; 0.92)]. After additional adjustment for BMI, associations attenuated and remained statistically significant for longitudinal insulin resistance [β = -0.05 (- 0.06; - 0.04)] and T2D risk [HR = 0.87 (0.79; 0.99)], but no longer for prediabetes risk [HR = 0.93 (0.85; 1.03)]. In conclusion, a more plant-based and less animal-based diet may lower risk of insulin resistance, prediabetes and T2D. These findings strengthen recent dietary recommendations to adopt a more plant-based diet.Clinical Trial Registry number and website NTR6831, http://www.trialregister.nl/trialreg/admin/rctview.asp?TC=6831 . FAU - Chen, Zhangling
Dietary Fats and Chronic Noncommunicable Diseases. LID - 10.3390/nu10101385 [doi] LID - 1385; The role of dietary fat has been long studied as a modifiable variable in the prevention and treatment of noncommunicable cardiometabolic disease. Once heavily promoted to the public, the low-fat diet has been demonstrated to be non-effective in preventing cardiometabolic disease, and an increasing body of literature has focused on the effects of a relatively higher-fat diet. More recent evidence suggests that a diet high in healthy fat, rich in unsaturated fatty acids, such as the Mediterranean dietary pattern, may, in fact, prevent the development of metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, but also reduce cardiovascular events. This review will specifically focus on clinical trials which collected data on dietary fatty acid intake, and the association of these fatty acids over time with measured cardiometabolic health outcomes, specifically focusing on morbidity and mortality outcomes. We will also describe mechanistic studies investigating the role of dietary fatty acids on cardiovascular risk factors to describe the potential mechanisms of action through which unsaturated fatty acids may exert their beneficial effects. The state of current knowledge on the associations between dietary fatty acids and cardiometabolic morbidity and mortality outcomes will be summarized and directions for future work will be discussed. FAU - Billingsley, Hayley E
Paradigm Shifts in Nutrition Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes.; Currently, the low-energy diet is the only recognized nutrition therapy for type 2 diabetes in Japan. However, in recent decades, many foreign scientific organizations have accepted various nutritional approaches to manage diabetes, such as the low-carbohydrate diet, the Mediterranean diet, diet approaches to stop hypertension (DASH), and the vegetarian diet. Moreover, growing evidence has called into question classical nutritional approaches such as the low-fat diet for the prevention of cardiovascular disease and the low-protein diet for the prevention of diabetic kidney disease. Similarly, the recommended nutrition therapy for diabetes may change in near future. Such changes in nutrition therapy must be dynamic and based on not only scientific evidence but also each patient's narrative. FAU - Yamada, Satoru
Zingiber officinale and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Evidence from Experimental Studies.; Zingiber officinale is being used as diet-based therapy because of its wide therapeutic potential in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and against diabetic complications by directly interacting with different molecular and cellular pathways that provoke the pathogenesis of T2DM. This article explores the overall beneficial effects of Z. officinale on T2DM and its associated complications. Along with elucidating the beneficial facts of Z. officinale, this article may also aid in understanding the molecular basis of its effects in T2DM. The mechanistic rationale for antidiabetic effects of Z. officinale includes the inhibition of several transcriptional pathways, lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate-metabolizing enzymes, and HMG-CoA reductase and the activation of antioxidant enzyme capacity and low-density lipoprotein receptors. Consequently, by targeting these pathways, Z. officinale shows its antidiabetic therapeutic effects by increasing insulin sensitivity/synthesis, protecting β-cells of pancreatic islets, reducing fat accumulation, decreasing oxidative stress, and increasing glucose uptake by the tissues. In addition to these effects, Z. officinale also exhibits protective effects against several diabetes-linked complications, notably nephropathy and diabetic cataract, by acting as an antioxidant and antiglycating agent. In conclusion, this work suggests that consumption of Z. officinale can help to treat T2DM and diabetic complications; nevertheless, patient counseling also is required as a guiding force for the success of diet-based therapy in T2DM. FAU - Akash, Muhammad Sajid Hamid
Nutrition and inflammatory load.; Chronic inflammation has been suggested to play an important role in metabolic diseases, such as atherothrombosis and type 2 diabetes. A lot of research has focused on the immunomodulatory effects of several nutrients, such as fatty acids, antioxidants, carbohydrates, specific amino acids, micronutrients, and alcohol, which play a crucial role in the maintenance of an "optimal" immune response. In addition, specific dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet, are evolving as protective against cardiovascular disease, because of their anti-inflammatory properties. In this article, the existing data concerning the nutrients' pro- and anti-inflammatory properties are presented, as well as dietary patterns that could protect from chronic inflammation and its metabolic and atherothrombotic complications. FAU - Kontogianni, M D
Dietary Polyphenols, Mediterranean Diet, Prediabetes, and Type 2 Diabetes: A Narrative Review of the Evidence.; Dietary polyphenols come mainly from plant-based foods including fruits, vegetables, whole grains, coffee, tea, and nuts. Polyphenols may influence glycemia and type 2 diabetes (T2D) through different mechanisms, such as promoting the uptake of glucose in tissues, and therefore improving insulin sensitivity. This review aims to summarize the evidence from clinical trials and observational prospective studies linking dietary polyphenols to prediabetes and T2D, with a focus on polyphenol-rich foods characteristic of the Mediterranean diet. We aimed to describe the metabolic biomarkers related to polyphenol intake and genotype-polyphenol interactions modulating the effects on T2D. Intakes of polyphenols, especially flavan-3-ols, and their food sources have demonstrated beneficial effects on insulin resistance and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Several prospective studies have shown inverse associations between polyphenol intake and T2D. The Mediterranean diet and its key components, olive oil, nuts, and red wine, have been inversely associated with insulin resistance and T2D. To some extent, these associations may be attributed to the high amount of polyphenols and bioactive compounds in typical foods conforming this traditional dietary pattern. Few studies have suggested that genetic predisposition can modulate the relationship between polyphenols and T2D risk. In conclusion, the intake of polyphenols may be beneficial for both insulin resistance and T2D risk. FAU - Guasch-Ferré, Marta
Plant-Based and Plant-Rich Diet Patterns during Gestation: Beneficial Effects and Possible Shortcomings.; Environmental and lifestyle factors are known to play an important role during gestation, determining newborns' health status and influencing their risk of being subject to certain noncommunicable diseases later in life. In particular, maternal nutritional patterns characterized by a low intake of plant-derived foods could increase the risk of gestation-related issues, such as preeclampsia and pregravid obesity, increase genotoxicant susceptibility, and contribute to the onset of pediatric diseases. In particular, the risk of pediatric wheeze, diabetes, neural tube defects, orofacial clefts, and some pediatric tumors seems to be reduced by maternal intake of adequate amounts of vegetables, fruits, and selected antioxidants. Nevertheless, plant-based diets, like any other diet, if improperly balanced, could be deficient in some specific nutrients that are particularly relevant during gestation, such as n-3 (ω-3) fatty acids, vitamin B-12, iron, zinc, and iodine, possibly affecting the offspring's health state. Here we review the scientific literature in this field, focusing specifically on observational studies in humans, and highlight protective effects elicited by maternal diets enriched in plant-derived foods and possible issues related to maternal plant-based diets.
The Role of Diet in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome.; Metabolic syndrome is a frequent metabolic disorder characterized by obesity and insulin resistance seems to be the main pathophysiological alteration. The goal of treating metabolic syndrome is to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease and the development of type 2 diabetes. The lifestyle modification therapy combines specific recommendations on diet alone or combined with other strategies. In this review, we address the following topics: 1) the importance of the high prevalence of metabolic syndrome and obesity, and 2) the role of lifestyle modification focusing on dietary fat intake in the management of MS.
Hypocaloric, plant-based oatmeal interventions in the treatment of poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes: A review.; BACKGROUND: Lifestyle interventions, including dietary modifications, play a key role in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. By the second half of the last century, dietary oatmeal interventions had frequently been used in patients with diabetes; however, with the widespread introduction of insulin, this practice gradually fell into disuse. Within the last decades, the original oatmeal intervention, first described in 1903, has been modified towards a hypocaloric, low-fat, and plant-based intervention. AIM: The aim of this review was to investigate the current role of these adapted short-term dietary oatmeal interventions in the treatment of patients suffering from poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes. A special focus was put on opportunities for and barriers to its clinical implementation and its potential mechanisms of action. METHODS: The electronic databases of PubMed and Google Scholar were searched using the keywords "oat," "oats," "oatmeal," and "diabetes." RESULTS: While there are a limited number of clinical studies including hypocaloric short-term dietary oatmeal interventions, there is evidence that these interventions may lead to a significant decrease in mean blood glucose levels and a significant reduction of insulin dosage in patients suffering from poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSION: Modified short-term dietary oatmeal interventions are an effective and economical tool in the treatment of patients suffering from poorly-controlled type 2 diabetes. FAU - Storz, Maximilian Andreas
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans.; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor.
Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in People with Type 2 Diabetes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The primary objective of this review is to identify dietary patterns with beneficial effects on cardiovascular health of adults with type 2 diabetes. RECENT FINDINGS: The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally. People with diabetes have a greater risk for cardiovascular disease. Mediterranean diet, dietary approaches to stop hypertension diet, vegetarian diet, traditional Korean diet, Japanese diet, and low-glycemic-index diet can reduce cardiovascular disease risk in people with diabetes. Dietary intake is a key modifiable factor in the management of diabetes and plays a significant role in limiting the incidence of cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Archundia Herrera, M Carolina
Role of Mediterranean diet in prevention and management of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To summarize the importance of Mediterranean diet in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes. DATA SOURCES: We searched electronic database on PubMed up to 14 April 2014, we identified these articles with following key words: "Mediterranean diet" and "diabetes". The initial search resulted in 451 entries. The search strategy had no language and publication date restrictions. The relevance of the studies was assessed based only on the title and abstract. The studies included in our review had to match the following inclusion criteria: (1) randomized clinical trials and meta-analysis or systematic review, and (2) provided strong evidence for the diet as a way to prevent type 2 diabetes, and improve glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in diabetic patients. We reviewed 49 manuscripts and only 22 met our inclusion criteria. STUDY SELECTION: Relevant literatures including randomized control trials, meta-analysis or systematic review. RESULTS: Based on several studies, Mediterranean diet is inversely related to type 2 diabetes and plays important roles in the management of type 2 diabetes. Based on the evidence gathered and evaluated from various studies, we concluded combination and interaction of Mediterranean diet components, such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, legumes, whole grains, fish and moderate intakes of red wine, which contain essential nutrients and health promoting properties, including high fibers, high magnesium, high anti-oxidant and high monounsaturatal fatty acids (MUFA). Interaction and combination of these essential nutrients and health promoting properties found to lower body weight, hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c), low density lipoprotein (LDL), oxidative-stress and improve high density lipoprotein (HDL) level; which are beneficial for prevention and prognosis improvement of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: In the modern society, poor dietary habits accompanied by inadequate physical activity are associated with the risk of having obesity and type 2 diabetes. Promoting healthy lifestyle and diet are not only beneficial in the prevention and treatment of various diseases but also important in maintaining the overall health. Switching from unhealthy diet to health-friendly diet such as Mediterranean diet represents healthy lifestyle choice. FAU - Khemayanto, Hidayat
[Vegetarian nutrition: preventive potential and possible risks. Part 2: animal foods and recommendations].; INTRODUCTION: As shown in the first part of this article, consuming high amounts of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts can lower the risk for several chronic diseases. However, the relevance of animal foods consumed within a vegetarian diet is less well-known. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We followed a nutritive and a metabolic-epidemiological approach to obtain dietary recommendations. A MEDLINE-research was performed for all animal food groups relevant with a vegetarian diet (key words: "eggs", "milk", "dietary pattern" "vegetarian diet", "cancer", "cardiovascular disease", "diabetes mellitus", "osteoporosis", "vitamin D", "vitamin B(12)", "iron", "iodine"). All relevant food groups were characterized regarding their nutrient content and rated with respect to the available metabolic-epidemiological evidence. RESULTS: Based on the evidence criteria of the WHO/FAO, colorectal cancer risk reduction by a high intake of milk and milk products is assessed as probable, while a higher risk of prostate and ovarial carcinomas is also probable. The evidence of a risk-increasing effect of eggs relating to cardiovascular disease, colorectal cancer and breast cancer is assessed as probable. As the data of prospective cohort studies suggest, a prudent diet pattern characterized high in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts is associated with a lower risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. In contrast, there is no overall association between prudent diet pattern and risk of breast cancer or colorectal cancer. The critical key nutrients for vegetarians are vitamin D and B12, iodine and iron. CONCLUSION: For the first time evidence based dietary recommendations were provided for persons on a vegetarian diet in the D-A-CH-region. FAU - Ströhle, Alexander
Mediterranean diet and cardiodiabesity: a review.; Cardiodiabesity has been used to define and describe the well-known relationship between type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), obesity, the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The objective of this study was to perform a scientific literature review with a systematic search to examine all the cardiovascular risk factors combined and their relationship with adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) pattern as primary prevention against cardiodiabesity in a holistic approach. Research was conducted using the PubMed database including clinical trials, cross-sectional and prospective cohort studies. Thirty-seven studies were reviewed: fourteen related to obesity, ten to CVD, nine to MetS, and four to T2DM. Indeed 33 provided strong evidence on the association between adherence to a MedDiet and a reduced incidence of collective cardiodiabesity risk in epidemiological studies. This scientific evidence makes the MedDiet pattern very useful for preventive strategies directed at the general population and also highlights the need to consider all these diet-related risk factors and health outcomes together in daily primary care. FAU - García-Fernández, Elena
Type of vegetarian diet, obesity and diabetes in adult Indian population.; BACKGROUND: To investigate the prevalence of obesity and diabetes among adult men and women in India consuming different types of vegetarian diets compared with those consuming non-vegetarian diets. METHODS: We used cross-sectional data of 156,317 adults aged 20-49 years who participated in India's third National Family Health Survey (2005-06). Association between types of vegetarian diet (vegan, lacto-vegetarian, lacto-ovo vegetarian, pesco-vegetarian, semi-vegetarian and non-vegetarian) and self-reported diabetes status and measured body mass index (BMI) were estimated using multivariable logistic regression adjusting for age, gender, education, household wealth, rural/urban residence, religion, caste, smoking, alcohol use, and television watching. RESULTS: Mean BMI was lowest in pesco-vegetarians (20.3 kg/m2) and vegans (20.5 kg/m2) and highest in lacto-ovo vegetarian (21.0 kg/m2) and lacto-vegetarian (21.2 kg/m2) diets. Prevalence of diabetes varied from 0.9% (95% CI: 0.8-1.1) in person consuming lacto-vegetarian, lacto-ovo vegetarian (95% CI:0.6-1.3) and semi-vegetarian (95% CI:0.7-1.1) diets and was highest in those persons consuming a pesco-vegetarian diet (1.4%; 95% CI:1.0-2.0). Consumption of a lacto- (OR:0.67;95% CI:0.58-0.76;p < 0.01), lacto-ovo (OR:0.70; 95% CI:0.51-0.96;p = 0.03) and semi-vegetarian (OR:0.77; 95% CI:0.60-0.98; p = 0.03) diet was associated with a lower likelihood of diabetes than a non-vegetarian diet in the adjusted analyses. CONCLUSIONS: In this large, nationally representative sample of Indian adults, lacto-, lacto-ovo and semi-vegetarian diets were associated with a lower likelihood of diabetes. These findings may assist in the development of interventions to address the growing burden of overweight/obesity and diabetes in Indian population. However, prospective studies with better measures of dietary intake and clinical measures of diabetes are needed to clarify this relationship. FAU - Agrawal, Sutapa
The role of diet in the prevention of type 2 diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is an important preventable disease and a growing public health problem. Epidemiologic and interventional studies suggest that weight loss is the main driving force to reduce diabetes risk. Landmark clinical trials of lifestyle changes in subjects with prediabetes have shown that diet and exercise leading to weight loss consistently reduce the incidence of diabetes. However, from these studies it cannot be established whether dietary changes alone play a significant role in preventing diabetes. Here we review epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence relating nutrients, foods and dietary patterns to diabetes risk and the possible mechanisms involved. The differential effects of carbohydrate and fat quantity and quality, and those of specific foods and whole diets are discussed. Importantly, most dietary components influencing diabetes risk have similar effects on biomarkers of cardiovascular risk and inflammation. The conclusion is that there is no universal dietary strategy to prevent diabetes or delay its onset. Together with the maintenance of ideal body weight, the promotion of the so-called prudent diet (characterized by a higher intake of food groups that are generally recommended for health promotion, particularly plant-based foods, and a lower intake of red meat, meat products, sweets, high-fat dairy and refined grains) or a Mediterranean dietary pattern rich in olive oil, fruits and vegetables, including whole grains, pulses and nuts, low-fat dairy, and moderate alcohol consumption (mainly red wine) appears as the best strategy to decrease diabetes risk, especially if dietary recommendations take into account individual preferences, thus enabling long-time adherence.
Mediterranean diet for type 2 diabetes: cardiometabolic benefits.; Dietary patterns influence various cardiometabolic risk factors, including body weight, lipoprotein concentrations, and function, blood pressure, glucose-insulin homeostasis, oxidative stress, inflammation, and endothelial health. The Mediterranean diet can be described as a dietary pattern characterized by the high consumption of plant-based foods, olive oil as the main source of fat, low-to-moderate consumption of fish, dairy products and poultry, low consumption of red and processed meat, and low-to-moderate consumption of wine with meals. The American Diabetes Association and the American Heart Association recommend Mediterranean diet for improving glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes. Prospective studies show that higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with a 20-23 % reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes, while the results of randomized controlled trials show that Mediterranean diet reduces glycosylated hemoglobin levels by 0.30-0.47 %, and is also associated with a 28-30 % reduced risk for cardiovascular events. The mechanisms by which Mediterranean diet produces its cardiometabolic benefits in type 2 diabetes are, for the most, anti-inflammatory and antioxidative: increased consumption of high-quality foods may cool down the activation of the innate immune system, by reducing the production of proinflammatory cytokines while increasing that of anti-inflammatory cytokines. This may favor the generation of an anti-inflammatory milieu, which in turn may improve insulin sensitivity in the peripheral tissues and endothelial function at the vascular level and ultimately act as a barrier to the metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and development of atherosclerosis. FAU - Esposito, Katherine
Vitamin D Deficiency and Oxidative Stress in Type 2 Diabetic Population of India.; Vitamin D deficiency is common in metropolitan cities of India and worldwide due to faulty life style. The prevalence of vitamin D deficiency has tremendously increased in India despite the fact that it is located between 8.4° and 37.6° north latitude and majority of the Indian population exposed to ample sunlight throughout the year. From published data regarding vitamin D deficiency in India estimated prevalence of vitamin D deficiency is 70%-100% in the adult population. The main identified reason for vitamin D deficiency is the lack of appropriate sunlight exposure and no consumption (in case of vegetarian population) or less consumption of vitamin D containing diet (e.g. fish, cod liver oil, beef liver and eggs). Mild to moderate vitamin D deficiency is identified as a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, due to its protective role against development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications. Vitamin D may affect glucose homeostasis through increasing insulin resistance and reducing insulin secretion from beta cells of the pancreas. Vitamin D plays an important role against oxidative stress, because of its antioxidant property. Till date very few studies determined the link between vitamin D and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications. However, more studies are needed to evaluate an underlying mechanism of vitamin D in amelioration of the oxidative stress in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Changes in nutrient intake and dietary quality among participants with type 2 diabetes following a low-fat vegan diet or a conventional diabetes diet for 22 weeks.; BACKGROUND: Although vegan diets improve diabetes management, little is known about the nutrient profiles or diet quality of individuals with type 2 diabetes who adopt a vegan diet. OBJECTIVE: To assess the changes in nutrient intake and dietary quality among participants following a low-fat vegan diet or the 2003 American Diabetes Association dietary recommendations. DESIGN: A 22-week randomized, controlled clinical trial examining changes in nutrient intake and diet quality. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Participants with type 2 diabetes (n=99) in a free-living setting. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet or a 2003 American Diabetes Association recommended diet. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Nutrient intake and Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) scores were collected at baseline and 22 weeks. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Between-group t tests were calculated for changes between groups and paired comparison t tests were calculated for changes within-group. Pearson's correlation assessed relationship of AHEI score to hemoglobin A1c and body weight changes. RESULTS: Both groups reported significant decreases in energy, protein, fat, cholesterol, vitamin D, selenium, and sodium intakes. The vegan group also significantly reduced reported intakes of vitamin B-12 and calcium, and significantly increased carbohydrate, fiber, total vitamin A activity, beta carotene, vitamins K and C, folate, magnesium, and potassium. The American Diabetes Association recommended diet group also reported significant decreases in carbohydrate and iron, but reported no significant increases. The vegan group significantly improved its AHEI score (P<0.0001), while the American Diabetes Association recommended diet group did not (P=0.7218). The difference in AHEI score at 22 weeks between groups was significant (P<0.0001). With both groups combined, AHEI score was negatively correlated with both changes in hemoglobin A1c value (r=-0.24, P=0.016) and weight (r=-0.27, P=0.007). CONCLUSIONS: Vegan diets increase intakes of carbohydrate, fiber, and several micronutrients, in contrast with the American Diabetes Association recommended diet. The vegan group improved its AHEI score whereas the American Diabetes Association recommended diet group's AHEI score remained unchanged. FAU - Turner-McGrievy, Gabrielle M
Prevention and control of type 2 diabetes by Mediterranean diet: a systematic review.; We conducted a systematic review of the available studies that assessed the effect of a Mediterranean diet in type 2 diabetes. We searched publications up to 30 November 2009. Seventeen studies were included. Two large prospective studies report a substantially lower risk (83% and 35%, respectively) of type 2 diabetes in healthy people or in post-infarct patients with the highest adherence to a Mediterranean diet. Five randomized controlled trials have evaluated the effects of a Mediterranean diet, as compared with other commonly used diets, on indices of glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Improvement of fasting glucose and HbA1c levels was greater with a Mediterranean diet and ranged from 7 to 40mg/dl for fasting glucose, and from 0.1 to 0.6% for HbA1c. No trial reported worsening of glycaemic control with a Mediterranean diet. Two controlled trials in a secondary prevention setting demonstrated that post-infarct patients, including diabetic patients, had cardiovascular benefits from a Mediterranean diet. The evidence so far accumulated suggests that adopting a Mediterranean diet may help prevent type 2 diabetes, and also improve glycaemic control and cardiovascular risk in persons with established diabetes.
Strategic nutrition: a vision for the twenty-first century.; It is now widely accepted that poor nutrition plays a major role in the epidemic of various diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes and CVD. There has also been much research regarding the role of related factors such as advertising and food prices. Many intervention studies have been carried out where attempts have been made to persuade people to modify their behaviour, such as by making dietary changes, in order to enhance health (health promotion). There has also been much debate on the potential of government policy as a tool for achieving these goals. Various proposals have been made, such as a tax on sugary drinks, the redirection of food subsidies and how the salt content of food can be reduced. However, the great majority of previous papers have considered only single aspects of the topics discussed here. The present paper reviews strategies for improving public health, both health promotion interventions and the use of government policy approaches. Topics discussed include providing advice for the general population and the design of food guides and food labels. This leads to the conclusion that we need an overall strategy that integrates this diverse body of information and formulates a comprehensive action plan. I propose the term 'strategic nutrition'. The implementation of this plan opens up a path to a major advance in public health. FAU - Temple, Norman J
Insights on Medical Nutrition Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Indian Perspective.; It is critical to integrate medical nutrition therapy (MNT) provided by a registered dietician (RD) into primary care of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This is necessary to achieve the goals of improving overall metabolic measures beyond calorie restriction and weight loss. Misconceptions about nutrition in T2DM add to the challenges of executing MNT in a culturally sensitive population. The current review provides insights into MNT for the prevention and management of T2DM in India, based on both evidence and experience. It revisits historical Indian studies and provides information on appropriate dietary intake of carbohydrates (60-70%), proteins (~ 20%) and fats (10%) that will be acceptable and beneficial in an Indian T2DM population. It discusses nuances of types of carbohydrates and fats and explains associations of increased dietary fiber intake, balanced intake of low and high glycemic index foods and substitution of saturated fats with plant-based polyunsaturated fats in improving outcomes of T2DM and attenuating risk factors. The article also deliberates upon special patient populations with comorbid conditions and diseases and the necessary adjustments needed in their nutritional care. It outlines a step-wise approach to MNT involving a careful interplay of nutrition assessment, diagnosis, individualization and patient counseling. Overall, the success of MNT relies on providing accurate, acceptable and appropriate dietary choices for continued patient adherence. Collaborative efforts from diabetologists, endocrinologists, internists and RDs are required to prioritize and implement MNT in diabetes practice in India.Funding: Signutra Inc. FAU - Viswanathan, Vijay
A Crucial Role for Diet in the Relationship Between Gut Microbiota and Cardiometabolic Disease.; Cardiometabolic disease (CMD), such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, contributes significantly to morbidity and mortality on a global scale. The gut microbiota has emerged as a potential target to beneficially modulate CMD risk, possibly via dietary interventions. Dietary interventions have been shown to considerably alter gut microbiota composition and function. Moreover, several diet-derived microbial metabolites are able to modulate human metabolism and thereby alter CMD risk. Dietary interventions that affect gut microbiota composition and function are therefore a promising, novel, and cost-efficient method to reduce CMD risk. Studies suggest that fermentable carbohydrates can beneficially alter gut microbiota composition and function, whereas high animal protein and high fat intake negatively impact gut microbiota function and composition. This review focuses on the role of macronutrients (i.e., carbohydrate, protein, and fat) and dietary patterns (e.g., vegetarian/vegan and Mediterranean diet) in gut microbiota composition and function in the context of CMD. FAU - Attaye, Ilias
Use of the microbiome in the management of children with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to present recent data that defines our current understanding of the role of the gut microbiome in the development of T2DM. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent studies focus on the physiology and molecular pathways of the gut microbiome-host interaction. Short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) derived from the fermentation of plant-based nonsoluble fiber bind to G-protein-coupled receptors (GPR) GPR 41 and GPR 43 to induce enteroendocrine molecules that control appetite, and to upregulate intestinal gluconeogenesis gene expression that controls glucose regulation. "Metabolic endotexemia" reflects a state of low-grade systemic inflammation that results from lipopolysaccharide (LPS) release from the gut into the systemic circulation in response to a high-fat diet. Inflammatory pathways induced by LPS, activation of toll-like receptor-4 (TLR-4), and other inflammatory signaling pathways are mediators of systemic inflammation, insulin resistance and type II diabetes mellitus. SUMMARY: Recent scientific data support that derangements in the composition of the microbiota, termed "microbiome dysbiosis" is a factor in the development of "metabolic endotoxemia" and T2DM. Therapeutic options that target the gut microbiome in the treatment of T2DM are explored. FAU - Brar, Preneet Cheema
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and risk of diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with significant improvements in health status. However, to date no systematic review and meta-analysis has summarized the effects of Mediterranean diet adherence on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Electronic searches for randomized controlled trials and cohort studies were performed in MEDLINE, SCOPUS, EMBASE and the Cochrane Trial Register until 2 April 2014. Pooled effects were calculated by an inverse-variance random-effect meta-analysis using the statistical software Review Manager 5.2 by the Cochrane Collaboration. SETTING: Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials and cohort studies. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: 19+years of age. RESULTS: One randomized controlled trial and eight prospective cohort studies (122 810 subjects) published between 2007 and 2014 were included for meta-analysis. For highest v. lowest adherence to the Mediterranean diet score, the pooled risk ratio was 0.81 (95 % CI 0.73, 0.90, P<0.0001, I 2=55 %). Sensitivity analysis including only long-term studies confirmed the results of the primary analysis (pooled risk ratio=0.75; 95 % CI 0.68, 0.83, P<0.00001, I 2=0 %). The Egger regression test provided no evidence of substantial publication bias (P=0.254). CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes (19 %; moderate quality evidence). These results seem to be clinically relevant for public health, in particular for encouraging a Mediterranean-like dietary pattern for primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus. FAU - Schwingshackl, Lukas
Ma-Pi 2 macrobiotic diet and type 2 diabetes mellitus: pooled analysis of short-term intervention studies.; The macrobiotic, Ma-Pi 2 diet (12% protein, 18% fat and 70% carbohydrate), has shown benefit in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This pooled analysis aims to confirm results from four, 21-day intervention studies with the Ma-Pi 2 diet, carried out in Cuba, China, Ghana and Italy. Baseline and end of study biochemical, body composition and blood pressure data, were compared using multivariate statistical methods and assessment of the Cohen effect size (d). Results showed that all measured indicators demonstrated significant changes (p < 0.001); most of them with a very high (d ≥ 1.30), or high (d = 0.80-1.29) effect size. The global effect size of the diet was Italy (1.96), China (1.79), Cuba (1.38) and Ghana (0.98). The magnitude of the individual effect on each variable by country, and the global effect by country, was independent of the sample size (p > 0.05). Similarly, glycemia and glycemic profiles in all four studies were independent of the sample size (p = 0.237). The Ma-Pi diet 2 significantly reduced glycemia, serum lipids, uremia and cardiovascular risk in adults with T2DM. These results suggest that the Ma-Pi 2 diet could be a valid alternative treatment for patients with T2DM and point to the need for further clinical studies. Mechanisms related to its benefits as a functional diet are discussed.
A Plant-Based Meal Stimulates Incretin and Insulin Secretion More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Standard Meal in Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Crossover Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11030486 [doi] LID - 486; Diminished postprandial secretion of incretins and insulin represents one of the key pathophysiological mechanisms behind type 2 diabetes (T2D). We tested the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: A standard meat (M-meal) and a vegan (V-meal) on postprandial incretin and insulin secretion in participants with T2D. A randomized crossover design was used in 20 participants with T2D. Plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), amylin, and gastric inhibitory peptide (GIP) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120, and 180 min. Beta-cell function was assessed with a mathematical model, using C-peptide deconvolution. Repeated-measures ANOVA was used for statistical analysis. Postprandial plasma glucose responses were similar after both test meals (p = 0.64). An increase in the stimulated secretion of insulin (by 30.5%; 95% CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001), C-peptide (by 7.1%; 95% CI 4.1 to 9.9%; p < 0.001), and amylin (by 15.7%; 95% CI 11.8 to 19.7%; p < 0.001) was observed following consumption of the V-meal. An increase in stimulated secretion of GLP-1 (by 19.2%; 95% CI 12.4 to 26.7%; p < 0.001) and a decrease in GIP (by -9.4%; 95% CI -17.3 to -0.7%; p = 0.02) were observed after the V-meal. Several parameters of beta-cell function increased after the V-meal, particularly insulin secretion at a fixed glucose value 5 mmol/L, rate sensitivity, and the potentiation factor. Our results showed an increase in postprandial incretin and insulin secretion, after consumption of a V-meal, suggesting a therapeutic potential of plant-based meals for improving beta-cell function in T2D. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Diabetes mellitus associated with processed and unprocessed red meat: an overview.; According to American Diabetes Association "as many as 1 in 3 American adults will have diabetes by 2050" imposing a serious burden on healthcare services and highlighting a substantial need to reduce "new-cases" incidence. Diabetes is inextricably linked to diet, in the prevention-spectrum. Red-meat-intake has been positively associated with reduced glycemic control. However, divergence exists among meat subtypes (i.e. fresh and processed) and the magnitude of their impact on diabetes development. The present overview attempted to summarize the latest data regarding red-meat subtypes on the examined association. Four meta-analysis and 10 prospective studies, focusing on the role of fresh and processed red meat in diabetes prevention, were selected. All of studies highlighted the aggravating role of processed meat-products in diabetes incidence, while fresh meat reached significance in only half of them. Therefore, the contribution of fresh red meat on diabetes remains inconclusive. Valid conclusions seem more robust concerning processed-meat-consumption. FAU - Kouvari, M
Medicinal plants and phytochemicals with anti-obesogenic potentials: A review.; Human mortality has been significantly increased in last few decades due to the increased prevalence of obesity and associated chronic disorders such as type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease and atherosclerosis. Apart from genetic and medicine or drug related side effects, nearly 90-95% people became obese due to the imbalanced calorie intake and lack of nutritional knowledge. The anti-obesogenic drugs, Orlistat and Sibutramine, which have been duly approved by Food and Drug Administration (FDA), USA, work very well on diet-induced obesity however they are not getting popular to the people with overweight/obesity due to the higher cost and severe side effects. In contrast, plant based drugs have been considered as a better alternative due to their lower cost and negligible side effects. A number of medicinal plants and their bioactive constituents have received attention from scientists not only for their anti-obesity activity in vitro and in vivo but also in clinical trials. However, there is no systematic review of data available in the scientific domain in order to guide researchers to conduct further in depth research. In our present review, we differentiated the anti-obesogenic effects of various medicinal plant extracts, fractions and their bioactive compounds at in vitro, in vivo and clinical conditions. During our review, we could also identify the most effective plants with strong anti-obesogenic effects at in vitro or in vivo studies with lack of clinical trials when no one tried to isolate pure bioactive compounds from these plants. Hence, scientific community, government agencies/pharmaceutical industries should work together not only to isolate pure bioactive compounds but also to conduct clinical trials including toxicity to develop better alternative anti-obesity drugs.
The Mediterranean diet and risk of type 2 diabetes in Iranian population.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is fast increasing in recent decades. Limited prospective studies are available on Mediterranean diet protective effect against T2D development. We assessed longitudinal association of the Mediterranean diet with T2D risk in Iranian men and women. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Diet was measured using a 168-item food frequency questionnaire in 2139 adults (free of T2D), aged 20-70 years. All individuals, based on the traditional Mediterranean diet score (MDS), received scores between 0 and 8 points. Multivariate hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were reported for the association of T2D and the MDS, with adjustment of diabetes risk score (DRS) and dietary energy intakes. RESULTS: During follow-up, a total of 143 events occurred. Individuals who had higher intakes of fish/sea foods, legumes, nuts, and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) to saturated fatty acids (SFAs) ratio had a decreased risk of T2D. After adjustment for confounders, an inverse association was found between adherence to the MDS and T2D (HR = 0.48; 95% CI 0.27-0.83). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings demonstrated an inverse association between the Mediterranean diet score and incidence of T2D. FAU - Khalili-Moghadam, Sajjad
Impact of a Plant-Based Diet and Support on Mitigating Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Latinos Living in Medically Underserved Areas.; PURPOSE: To determine the impact that a high-fiber, low-fat diet, derived from mostly plant-based sources, when coupled with support has upon self-management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Latinos from medically underserved areas (MUAs). DESIGN: Experimental randomized controlled community pilot study. SETTING: Three community clinics in MUAs located within San Bernardino County, California. PARTICIPANTS: Thirty-two randomly assigned Latinos with A1(C) greater than 6.4: 15 control and 17 experimental. INTERVENTION: Participants completed a 5-week education program. Researchers provided follow-up support for 17 randomly assigned experimental group participants through focus groups held at participating clinics-1, 3, and 6 months posteducation. MEASURES: Changes in fat and fiber consumption were measured using a modified Dietary Screener for Mexican Americans. Self-management was measured through the Self-Efficacy for Exercise Scale and Diabetes Quality of Life Measure. ANALYSIS: Baseline characteristics for both groups were analyzed using independent t tests and χ(2) tests. A 2-way repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to analyze biometric data between baseline and 6 months for both groups. RESULTS: Mean A1(C) levels decreased from baseline to 6 months for both groups: control, μ(1) = 9.57, μ(2) = 9.49; experimental, μ(1) = 8.53, μ(2) = 7.31. CONCLUSION: The experimental group demonstrated a statistically significant reduction in mean A1(C) levels ( P = .002) when compared to the control group. FAU - Ramal, Edelweiss
Dietary Patterns and Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Diabetes: A Summary of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses. LID - 10.3390/nu11092209 [doi] LID - 2209; The Diabetes and Nutrition Study Group (DNSG) of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) conducted a review of existing systematic reviews and meta-analyses to explain the relationship between different dietary patterns and patient-important cardiometabolic outcomes. To update the clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy in the prevention and management of diabetes, we summarize the evidence from these evidence syntheses for the Mediterranean, Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), Portfolio, Nordic, liquid meal replacement, and vegetarian dietary patterns. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to assess the quality of evidence. We summarized the evidence for disease incidence outcomes and risk factor outcomes using risk ratios (RRs) and mean differences (MDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), respectively. The Mediterranean diet showed a cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence (RR: 0.62; 95%CI, 0.50, 0.78), and non-significant CVD mortality (RR: 0.67; 95%CI, 0.45, 1.00) benefit. The DASH dietary pattern improved cardiometabolic risk factors (P < 0.05) and was associated with the decreased incidence of CVD (RR, 0.80; 95%CI, 0.76, 0.85). Vegetarian dietary patterns were associated with improved cardiometabolic risk factors (P < 0.05) and the reduced incidence (0.72; 95%CI: 0.61, 0.85) and mortality (RR, 0.78; 95%CI, 0.69, 0.88) of coronary heart disease. The Portfolio dietary pattern improved cardiometabolic risk factors and reduced estimated 10-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk by 13% (-1.34% (95%CI, -2.19 to -0.49)). The Nordic dietary pattern was correlated with decreased CVD (0.93 (95%CI, 0.88, 0.99)) and stroke incidence (0.87 (95%CI, 0.77, 0.97)) and, along with liquid meal replacements, improved cardiometabolic risk factors (P < 0.05). The evidence was assessed as low to moderate certainty for most dietary patterns and outcome pairs. Current evidence suggests that the Mediterranean, DASH, Portfolio, Nordic, liquid meal replacement and vegetarian dietary patterns have cardiometabolic advantages in populations inclusive of diabetes. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Ketogenic diet in endocrine disorders: Current perspectives.; Ketogenic diet (KD) is a high-fat, adequate-protein, and low-carbohydrate diet that leads to nutritional ketosis, long known for antiepileptic effects and has been used therapeutically to treat refractory epilepsy. This review attempts to summarize the evidence and clinical application of KD in diabetes, obesity, and other endocrine disorders. KD is usually animal protein based. An empiric vegetarian Indian variant of KD has been provided keeping in mind the Indian food habits. KD has beneficial effects on cardiac ischemic preconditioning, improves oxygenation in patients with respiratory failure, improves glycemic control in diabetics, is associated with significant weight loss, and has a beneficial impact on polycystic ovarian syndrome. Multivitamin supplementations are recommended with KD. Recently, ketones are being proposed as super-metabolic fuel; and KD is currently regarded as apt dietary therapy for "diabesity." FAU - Gupta, L
Postprandial Dysmetabolism and Oxidative Stress in Type 2 Diabetes: Pathogenetic Mechanisms and Therapeutic Strategies.; Postprandial dysmetabolism in type 2 diabetes (T2D) is known to impact the progression and evolution of this complex disease process. However, the underlying pathogenetic mechanisms still require full elucidation to provide guidance for disease prevention and treatment. This review focuses on the marked redox changes and inflammatory stimuli provoked by the spike in blood glucose and lipids in T2D individuals after meals. All the causes of exacerbated postprandial oxidative stress in T2D were analyzed, also considering the consequence of enhanced inflammation on vascular damage. Based on this in-depth analysis, current strategies of prevention and pharmacologic management of T2D were critically reexamined with particular emphasis on their potential redox-related rationale.
[What is the Optimal Nutrition for Humans?].; As practitioners, we are faced in practice daily with the question about the optimal diet. Nevertheless, nutrition covers only a very small part of our medical training. A look back in the history of man shows that the human body was set to a predominantly plant-based diet for millions of years. With the introduction of factory farming and industrial food processing several hundred years ago, the current Western diet has been consisting to a large extent of animal products, leading to a number of chronic diseases such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, coronary heart disease, vascular dementia, diabetes, and to an increase of cancer. Many of these diseases are preventable, some even reversible when resorting to a whole-foods plant-based diet. This review work is intended to provide the practitioner with the necessary knowledge and the scientific facts. FAU - Böni, Roland
Dietary habits contribute to define the risk of type 2 diabetes in humans.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a frequent disorder largely preventable. The aim of this review was to summarize information on the association between dietary habits and the risk of developing T2D. METHODS: We conducted a comprehensive literature search using the PubMed database from its inception to June, 2019. Articles were restricted to those written in English and concerning human subjects. Relevant manuscripts found in the list of references of the retrieved articles were also used in preparation for the review. RESULTS: Animal protein consumption increases the risk of T2D independently of body mass index. Intake of both unprocessed meat and processed meat is strongly and consistently associated with increased risk of developing T2D. In contrast, consumption of high-quality vegetable foods prevents the disease. High-quality plant foods include whole grains, nuts, legumes, fruits, and vegetables. Among less healthy plant-based foods are fruit juices, sweetened beverages, refined grains, potatoes, sweets, and desserts. Carbohydrate-restricted diets that encourage consumption of animal products promote T2D. Low intake of animal products is linked to high educational level so that well-informed individuals tend to consume diets with elevated content of vegetable food. According to the American Dietetic Association, "appropriately planned vegetarian diets including vegan diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases". CONCLUSIONS: restricting animal products while increasing healthy plant-based foods intake facilitates T2D prevention. To neutralize worldwide the burden of T2D and its devastating complications, animal products consumption should be limited or discontinued.
Plant-Based Diets in the Reduction of Body Fat: Physiological Effects and Biochemical Insights. LID - 10.3390/nu11112712 [doi] LID - 2712; Obesity affects over one-third of Americans and increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes. Interventional trials have consistently demonstrated that consumption of plant-based diets reduces body fat in overweight and obese subjects, even when controlling for energy intake. Nonetheless, the mechanisms underlying this effect have not been well-defined. This review discusses six major dietary mechanisms that may lead to reduced body fat. These include (1) reduced caloric density, (2) improved gut microbiota symbiosis, (3) increased insulin sensitivity, (4) reduced trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO), (5) activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs), and (6) over-expression of mitochondrial uncoupling proteins. Collectively, these factors improve satiety and increase energy expenditure leading to reduced body weight. FAU - Najjar, Rami S
Mediterranean diet and metabolic diseases.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The objective of this article is to present evidence illustrating the relationship between Mediterranean diets and metabolic diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome, and to briefly discuss potential mechanisms by which these diets can help in disease prevention and treatment. RECENT FINDINGS: Although the Mediterranean diet has long been celebrated for its impact on cardiovascular health, mounting evidence indicates a favorable effect on obesity and type 2 diabetes, as well. While health promotion strategies aimed at preventing adult obesity are emphasizing components of Mediterranean dietary patterns, a role for Mediterranean diets in attenuating the inflammatory burden associated with type 2 diabetes is also emerging. Moreover, a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome is associated with dietary patterns rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, dairy products, and unsaturated fats. Both epidemiological and interventional studies have revealed a protective effect of the Mediterranean diet against mild chronic inflammation and its metabolic complications. SUMMARY: Mounting evidence suggests that Mediterranean diets could serve as an anti-inflammatory dietary pattern, which could help fighting diseases that are related to chronic inflammation, including visceral obesity, type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Giugliano, Dario
Characteristics of Americans Choosing Vegetarian and Vegan Diets for Health Reasons.; OBJECTIVE: Examine the prevalence, patterns, and associated factors of using a vegetarian or vegan diet for health reasons in the US general population. DESIGN: Cross-sectional data from the 2012 National Health Interview Survey. PARTICIPANTS: Nationally representative sample (N = 34,525). VARIABLES MEASURED: Prevalence of ever use and 12-month use of vegetarian or vegan diet for health reasons, patterns of use, and sociodemographic and health-related factor associated with use. ANALYSIS: Multiple logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Prevalence of ever use and 12-month use was 4.0% (n = 1,367) and 1.9% (n = 648), respectively. Health vegetarians and vegans were more likely aged 30-65 years, female, not Hispanic, from the Western US region, at least high school educated, chronically ill, and physically active. They were less likely to be in a relationship, overweight or obese, or smoking, or to have public or private health insurance. Among health vegetarians and vegans, 6.3% consulted with a practitioner for special diets; 26.1% followed the diet because of a specific health problem, mainly high cholesterol, overweight, hypertension, and diabetes; and 59.4% disclosed the diet to their health care provider. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: Less than 2% of participants reported using a vegetarian or vegan diet for health reasons within the past 12 months. Despite potential benefits of plant-based nutrition, more research is warranted on the actual use and its effects and safety.
The potential contribution of dietary factors to breast cancer prevention.; Breast cancer (BC), the leading cancer in women, is increasing in prevalence worldwide, concurrent with western metabolic epidemics, that is, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, and shares major risk factors with these diseases. The corresponding potential for nutritional contributions toward BC prevention is reviewed and related to critical stages in the life cycle and their implications for carcinogenic and pathometabolic trajectories. BC initiation potentially involves diet-related pro-oxidative, inflammatory, and procarcinogenic processes, that interact through combined lipid/fatty acid peroxidation, estrogen metabolism, and related DNA-adduct/depurination/mutation formation. The pathometabolic trajectory is affected by high estrogen, insulin, and growth factor cascades and resultant accelerated proliferation/progression. Anthropometric risk factors - high birth weight, adult tallness, adiposity/BMI, and weight gain - are often reflective of these trends. A sex-based nutritional approach targets women's specific risk in western obesogenic environments, associated with increasing fatness, estrogen metabolism, n-6 : n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid ratio, and n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acid conversion to proinflammatory/carcinogenic eicosanoids, and effects of timing of life events, for example, ages at menarche, full-term pregnancy, and menopause. Recent large-scale studies have confirmed the effectiveness of the evidence-based recommendations against BC risk, emphasizing low-energy density diets, highly nutritious plant-based regimes, physical activity, and body/abdominal adiposity management. Better understanding of dietary inter-relationships with BC, as applied to food intake, selection, combination, and processing/preparation, and recommended patterns, for example, Mediterranean, DASH, plant-based, low energy density, and low glycemic load, with high nutrient/phytonutrient density, would increase public motivation and authoritative support for early/timely prevention, optimally merging with other dietary/health goals, for lifelong BC prevention. FAU - Shapira, Niva
[Vegetarian nutrition: Preventive potential and possible risks. Part 1: Plant foods].; Today vegetarian nutrition is more accepted and widespread in Europe than in former years. For a long time scientific research on vegetarian diets has focused mostly on malnutrition, whereas nowadays research centers increasingly on the preventive potential of plant-based diets. We followed a nutritive and a metabolic-epidemiological approach to obtain dietary recommendations. A MEDLINE research was performed for all plant food groups relevant for a vegetarian diet (key words: all relevant food groups, "vegetarian diet", "chronic disease", "cancer", "cardiovascular disease", "diabetes mellitus", "osteoporosis"). All relevant food groups were characterized regarding their nutrient content and rated with respect to the available metabolic-epidemiological evidence. Based on the evidence criteria of the WHO/FAO, cancer risk reduction by a high intake of vegetables and fruits is assessed as probable or possible, while a lowered risk of cardiovascular disease is convincing and a lowered risk of osteoporosis is probable. The evidence of a risk reducing effect of whole grain relating to colorectal cancer is assessed as possible, whereas it is probable relating to cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. There is an insufficient risk-reducing effect of legumes like soja relating to epithelial tumours and cardiovascular disease. The evidence of a risk-reducing effect of nuts to cardiovascular disease is assessed as probable, and in relation to cholelithiasis and diabetes mellitus type 2 as possible and insufficient, respectively. In conclusion, high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and nuts can lower the risk for several chronic diseases. FAU - Ströhle, Alexander
Vegetarian diets and incidence of diabetes in the Adventist Health Study-2.; AIM: To evaluate the relationship of diet to incident diabetes among non-Black and Black participants in the Adventist Health Study-2. METHODS AND RESULTS: Participants were 15,200 men and 26,187 women (17.3% Blacks) across the U.S. and Canada who were free of diabetes and who provided demographic, anthropometric, lifestyle and dietary data. Participants were grouped as vegan, lacto ovo vegetarian, pesco vegetarian, semi-vegetarian or non-vegetarian (reference group). A follow-up questionnaire after two years elicited information on the development of diabetes. Cases of diabetes developed in 0.54% of vegans, 1.08% of lacto ovo vegetarians, 1.29% of pesco vegetarians, 0.92% of semi-vegetarians and 2.12% of non-vegetarians. Blacks had an increased risk compared to non-Blacks (odds ratio [OR] 1.364; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.093-1.702). In multiple logistic regression analysis controlling for age, gender, education, income, television watching, physical activity, sleep, alcohol use, smoking and BMI, vegans (OR 0.381; 95% CI 0.236-0.617), lacto ovo vegetarians (OR 0.618; 95% CI 0.503-0.760) and semi-vegetarians (OR 0.486, 95% CI 0.312-0.755) had a lower risk of diabetes than non-vegetarians. In non-Blacks vegan, lacto ovo and semi-vegetarian diets were protective against diabetes (OR 0.429, 95% CI 0.249-0.740; OR 0.684, 95% CI 0.542-0.862; OR 0.501, 95% CI 0.303-0.827); among Blacks vegan and lacto ovo vegetarian diets were protective (OR 0.304, 95% CI 0.110-0.842; OR 0.472, 95% CI 0.270-0.825). These associations were strengthened when BMI was removed from the analyses. CONCLUSION: Vegetarian diets (vegan, lacto ovo, semi-) were associated with a substantial and independent reduction in diabetes incidence. In Blacks the dimension of the protection associated with vegetarian diets was as great as the excess risk associated with Black ethnicity.
Diabetes Care in Republic of Macedonia: Challenges and Opportunities.; BACKGROUND: The Republic of Macedonia (RoM) has experienced a rapid rise in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) over the past 2 decades, a period characterized by significant social, political, and economic change. RoM now has one of the highest rates of diabetes in Europe. OBJECTIVES: To explore the modifiable conditions that may underlie and exacerbate the T2D epidemic; describe the state of diabetes care; and consider improved mechanisms for prevention and treatment, including research priorities, in RoM. METHODS: Methods included data mining from reliable sources and collaboration of authors to consider and describe applications of research from outside RoM and to identify evidence-based strategies to reduce the burden of T2D in RoM. FINDINGS: In 2014, the national prevalence of diabetes was 11.44% of the population (20-79 years) of RoM. Per capita caloric intake has increased significantly over the past 2 decades, with the majority of these calories coming from sugar, pork, chicken, beef, and sunflower oil. Excess calories, in the form of nutrient-deficient foods, animal products, and added oils promote insulin resistance and T2D. Tobacco use and lack of physical activity also contribute to the diabetes epidemic. Insulin, especially insulin analogues, are widely available and used to manage diabetes, often over other interventions that are more appropriate for patients with T2D, and more frequently than in other more developed countries, resulting in higher and unsustainable related costs. CONCLUSIONS: A new National eHealth System allows for better identification and monitoring of citizens with diabetes. However, the rapidly growing expense of insulin in the past has been unsustainable. The potential exists for a stronger role for lifestyle interventions in prevention and treatment of T2D. Significant changes in dietary patterns parallel the rise in diabetes prevalence and are likely a leading cause of diabetes and its complications. Research in RoM is needed to determine the impact and acceptability of dietary interventions for prevention and treatment of T2D, as a first step toward reduction of diabetes prevalence and its complications and controlling spiraling health care costs.
Plant-Based Diet, Cholesterol, and Risk of Gallstone Disease: A Prospective Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11020335 [doi] LID - 335; Vegetarian diets may lower symptomatic gallstone disease via cholesterol lowering. This study aimed to examine the risk of symptomatic gallstone disease (GSD) in Taiwanese vegetarians vs. nonvegetarians in a prospective cohort and to explore if this association is related to cholesterol concentration. We prospectively followed 4839 participants, and in the 29,295 person-years of follow-up, 104 new incident GSD cases were confirmed. Diet was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire. Symptomatic GSD was ascertained through linkage to the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. Blood cholesterol profiles were measured at recruitment. Cox regression was applied to assess the effect of diet on symptomatic GSD, adjusting for age, education, smoking, alcohol, physical activities, diabetes, kidney diseases, body mass index, lipid-lowering medication, and hypercholesterolemia. Vegetarian diet was associated with a decreased risk of symptomatic GSD compared with nonvegetarian diet in women (hazard ratio [HR], 0.52; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.28⁻0.96) but not in men. In women, nonvegetarians with hypercholesterolemia had 3.8 times the risk of GSD compared with vegetarians with normal cholesterol (HR, 3.81, 95% CI, 1.61⁻9.01). A vegetarian diet may therefore protect against GSD independent of baseline hypercholesterolemia. A nonvegetarian diet and hypercholesterolemia may have an additive effect in increasing GSD risk in women. FAU - Chang, Chun-Ming
The Potential for Plant-Based Diets to Promote Health Among Blacks Living in the United States. LID - 10.3390/nu11122915 [doi] LID - 2915; Plant-based diets are associated with reduced risks of various chronic diseases in the general population. However, it is unclear how these benefits translate to Blacks living in the United States, who are disproportionately burdened with heart disease, cancer, diabetes, obesity, and chronic kidney disease. The objectives of this study were to: (1) review the general evidence of plant-based diets and health outcomes; (2) discuss how this evidence translates to Blacks following a plant-based diet; and (3) provide recommendations and considerations for future studies in this area. Interestingly, although the evidence supporting plant-based diets in the general population is robust, little research has been done on Blacks specifically. However, the available data suggests that following a plant-based diet may reduce the risk of heart disease and possibly cancer in this population. More research is needed on cardiovascular disease risk factors, cancer subtypes, and other chronic diseases. Further, attention must be given to the unique individual, familial, communal, and environmental needs that Blacks who follow plant-based diets may have. Interventions must be culturally appropriate in order to achieve long-term success, and providing low-cost, flavorful, and nutritious options will be important. FAU - Sterling, Samara R
Complementary and alternative medicine for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To review clinical evidence supporting complementary and alternative medicine interventions for improving glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE: MEDLINE and EMBASE were searched from January 1966 to August 2008 using the term type 2 diabetes in combination with each of the following terms for specific therapies selected by the authors: cinnamon, fenugreek, gymnema, green tea, fibre, momordica, chromium, and vanadium. Only human clinical trials were selected for review. MAIN MESSAGE: Chromium reduced glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) and fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels in a large meta-analysis. Gymnema sylvestre reduced HbA(1c) levels in 2 small open-label trials. Cinnamon improved FBG but its effects on HbA(1c) are unknown. Bitter melon had no effect in 2 small trials. Fibre had no consistent effect on HbA(1c) or FBG in 12 small trials. Green tea reduced FBG levels in 1 of 3 small trials. Fenugreek reduced FBG in 1 of 3 small trials. Vanadium reduced FBG in small, uncontrolled trials. There were no trials evaluating microvascular or macrovascular complications or other clinical end points. CONCLUSION: Chromium, and possibly gymnema, appears to improve glycemic control. Fibre, green tea, and fenugreek have other benefits but there is little evidence that they substantially improve glycemic control. Further research on bitter melon and cinnamon is warranted. There is no complementary and alternative medicine research addressing microvascular or macrovascular clinical outcomes. FAU - Nahas, Richard
No common denominator: Plant-based diets and treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes.; Treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes is a poorly understood and underestimated iatrogenic complication of aggressive glycemic control in individuals suffering from diabetes. Symptoms, including severe neuropathic pain and autonomic dysfunction, usually follow an abrupt improvement in glycemic control. The latter is usually triggered by pharmacotherapy, however, treatment-induced neuropathy of diabetes (TIND) has also been associated with severe dietary restriction. Dietary modifications are of paramount importance in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Hereby, calorie restriction and fasting diets as well as plant-based diets enjoy uninterrupted popularity. While cases of TIND have been reported with (very) low calorie diets, a case of TIND in the context of a whole-food plant-based diet has not been published to the best of my knowledge. Is this a simple coincidence or is there potentially a reason behind it? The hypothesis presented in this paper is that whole-food plant-based diets and TIND do not share a common denominator. Both evidence in support and evidence against this, admittedly, speculative hypothesis, is presented in this manuscript. A special focus is put on HbA1c dynamics with plant-based diets and reduced medication needs.
Mediterranean Diet and Cardiovascular Risk: Beyond Traditional Risk Factors.; A strict adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) has repeatedly been linked to a low risk of cardiovascular disease in several situations. Initially, the mechanisms considered as possible causes of this were based on the effects of this dietary pattern on the so-called traditional risk factors (especially lipids and blood pressure). However, the high relative reduction in the prevalence of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were not proportional to the limited findings about regulation of those traditional risk factors. In addition to several studies confirming the above effects, current research on the MedDiet is being focused on defining its effects on non-traditional risk factors, such as endothelial function, inflammation, oxidative stress, or on controlling the conditions which predispose people to cardiovascular events, such as obesity, metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes mellitus. In the current article, after briefly reviewing the known effects of the MedDiet on the traditional risk factors, we will mainly focus on reviewing the current evidence about the effects that this dietary pattern exerts on alternative factors, including postprandial lipemia or coagulation, among others, as well as providing a short review on future directions. FAU - Delgado-Lista, Javier
Health aspects of vegetarian diets.; Recent studies of vegetarian diets and their effects on morbidity and mortality are reviewed. Vegetarian diets are heterogeneous as are their effects on nutritional status, health, and longevity. Mortality rates are similar or lower for vegetarians than for nonvegetarians. Risks of dietary deficiency disease are increased on vegan but not on all vegetarian diets. Evidence for decreased risks for certain chronic degenerative diseases varies. Both vegetarian dietary and lifestyle practices are involved. Data are strong that vegetarians are at lesser risk for obesity, atonic constipation, lung cancer, and alcoholism. Evidence is good that risks for hypertension, coronary artery disease, type II diabetes, and gallstones are lower. Data are only fair to poor that risks of breast cancer, diverticular disease of the colon, colonic cancer, calcium kidney stones, osteoporosis, dental erosion, and dental caries are lower among vegetarians. Reduced risks for chronic degenerative diseases can also be achieved by manipulations of omnivorous diets and lifestyles. FAU - Dwyer, J T
Fruit and vegetable intake and type 2 diabetes: EPIC-InterAct prospective study and meta-analysis.; Fruit and vegetable intake (FVI) may reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D), but the epidemiological evidence is inconclusive. The aim of this study is to examine the prospective association of FVI with T2D and conduct an updated meta-analysis. In the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer-InterAct (EPIC-InterAct) prospective case-cohort study nested within eight European countries, a representative sample of 16,154 participants and 12,403 incident cases of T2D were identified from 340,234 individuals with 3.99 million person-years of follow-up. For the meta-analysis we identified prospective studies on FVI and T2D risk by systematic searches of MEDLINE and EMBASE until April 2011. In EPIC-InterAct, estimated FVI by dietary questionnaires varied more than twofold between countries. In adjusted analyses the hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) comparing the highest with lowest quartile of reported intake was 0.90 (0.80-1.01) for FVI; 0.89 (0.76-1.04) for fruit and 0.94 (0.84-1.05) for vegetables. Among FV subtypes, only root vegetables were inversely associated with diabetes 0.87 (0.77-0.99). In meta-analysis using pooled data from five studies including EPIC-InterAct, comparing the highest with lowest category for FVI was associated with a lower relative risk of diabetes (0.93 (0.87-1.00)). Fruit or vegetables separately were not associated with diabetes. Among FV subtypes, only green leafy vegetable (GLV) intake (relative risk: 0.84 (0.74-0.94)) was inversely associated with diabetes. Subtypes of vegetables, such as root vegetables or GLVs may be beneficial for the prevention of diabetes, while total FVI may exert a weaker overall effect. FAU - Cooper, A J
Nutritional overview on the management of type 2 diabetes and the prevention of its complications.; Diabetes mellitus is an increasing world health problem; particularly the prevalence of type 2 diabetes has assumed epidemic dimensions in Western industrialized societies. It is mainly the environmental, dietary and lifestyle behavioral factors that are the control keys in the progress of this disease. Several epidemiological studies have linked over nutrition and lack of physical activity with type 2 diabetes. Indeed, the excessive consumption of energy dense foods as source of carbohydrates and fats along with ineffective medical management has negative impact on controlling blood glucose levels and on insulin response. This usually leads to a hyperglycemic state, which is associated with the development of the devastating secondary complications. Dietary guidelines have always been important for people with diabetes mellitus. Nutrition management aims to improve health quality maintaining blood glucose levels in normal range so as to reduce the risk for diabetes complications. A well-balanced diet that provides the essential macro- and micro-nutrients is always an impaired need for a patient with diabetes. In this article nutrition recommendations will be displayed for the management of diabetes type 2 and the prevention of its complications. Particular emphasis will be given to the important role of micronutrients such as trace elements and vitamins as well as to the potentiality of some dietary agents to inhibit aldose reductase enzyme, implicated in the etiology of diabetes complications. FAU - Pegklidou, Kyriaki
To what extent does cinnamon administration improve the glycemic and lipid profiles?; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Cinnamon is a condiment used in cooking and by some in large quantities as a supplement with purported hypoglycemic and lipid-lowering potential. The current literature review aims to discuss the evidence of cinnamon administration regarding its hypoglycemic and lipid-lowering effects, summarizing clinical recommendations. METHODS: Electronic databases including PubMed, Cochrane library, Science Direct and Web of Science were searched with the scientific name of the plant as well as the common name. The search for articles was based on following keywords: "cinnamon diabetes", "cinnamon diabetes type 2", "cinnamon and diabetes type 2", "Cinnamomum aromaticum", "Cinnamomum cassia", "Cinnamomum verum", "Cinnamomum zeylanicum". We carried out inclusion criteria between 2003 and 2018 focusing on human studies. RESULTS: Concerning glycemic profile, in individuals with type II diabetes mellitus the fasting blood glucose reduced from 12.9 to 52.2 mg/dL and HbA1c from 0.27 to 0.83%, whereas serum insulin decreased in few studies. Research papers ranged from 6 to 17 weeks in duration. The lipid lowering potential, in turn, is most controversial compared to anti-hyperglycemic potential. Also cinnamon administration has been claimed to reduce fat mass and raise serum antioxidants, but the studies used inaccurate methods. Two species are most investigated, C. cassia/aromaticum, and C.zeylanicum/verum. CONCLUSIONS: About 1-6 g of these cinnamon species mainly in powder seems to be an adjunct drug treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus and other conditions of glycemic impairment. However, more controlled clinical trials are needed.
Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice.; Dietary methionine restriction (MR) is well known to reduce body weight by increasing energy expenditure (EE) and insulin sensitivity. An elevated concentration of circulating fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) has been implicated as a potential underlying mechanism. The aims of our study were to test whether dietary MR in the context of a high-fat regimen protects against type 2 diabetes in mice and to investigate whether vegan and vegetarian diets, which have naturally low methionine levels, modulate circulating FGF21 in humans. New Zealand obese (NZO) mice, a model for polygenic obesity and type 2 diabetes, were placed on isocaloric high-fat diets (protein, 16 kcal%; carbohydrate, 52 kcal%; fat, 32 kcal%) that provided methionine at control (Con; 0.86% methionine) or low levels (0.17%) for 9 wk. Markers of glucose homeostasis and insulin sensitivity were analyzed. Among humans, low methionine intake and circulating FGF21 levels were investigated by comparing a vegan and a vegetarian diet to an omnivore diet and evaluating the effect of a short-term vegetarian diet on FGF21 induction. In comparison with the Con group, MR led to elevated plasma FGF21 levels and prevented the onset of hyperglycemia in NZO mice. MR-fed mice exhibited increased insulin sensitivity, higher plasma adiponectin levels, increased EE, and up-regulated expression of thermogenic genes in subcutaneous white adipose tissue. Food intake and fat mass did not change. Plasma FGF21 levels were markedly higher in vegan humans compared with omnivores, and circulating FGF21 levels increased significantly in omnivores after 4 d on a vegetarian diet. These data suggest that MR induces FGF21 and protects NZO mice from high-fat diet-induced glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. The normoglycemic phenotype in vegans and vegetarians may be caused by induced FGF21. MR akin to vegan and vegetarian diets in humans may offer metabolic benefits via increased circulating levels of FGF21 and merits further investigation.-Castaño-Martinez, T., Schumacher, F., Schumacher, S., Kochlik, B., Weber, D., Grune, T., Biemann, R., McCann, A., Abraham, K., Weikert, C., Kleuser, B., Schürmann, A., Laeger, T. Methionine restriction prevents onset of type 2 diabetes in NZO mice. FAU - Castaño-Martinez, Teresa
Diet and exercise in the prevention of diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Individuals with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance are at high risk of progression to type 2 diabetes. Lifestyle modification through change to diet and exercise habit has considerable potential to prevent or delay the onset of this disease. METHODS: A systematic literature search was undertaken of Medline, EMBASE, the Cochrane library and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature for journal articles relevant to the question of whether type 2 diabetes can be prevented by lifestyle change. RESULTS: Four cohort studies in a total of 4864 high risk individuals followed for a period of 2.5-6 years were identified. These showed that lifestyle change may reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes by 28-59%. Moreover, follow-up studies also indicate that diabetes incidence rates continue to be depressed many years after the discontinuation of a lifestyle intervention. Evidence from a meta-analysis confirms this evidence and suggests that it would be necessary to treat 6.4 (95% confidence interval 5.0-8.4) individuals to prevent or delay one case of diabetes through lifestyle intervention. An examination of weight loss diets (low fat, high protein or Mediterranean) suggests each may be effective but each has limitations requiring care in food selection. Evidence also suggests that the maintenance of weight loss also requires regular exercise with an additional expenditure of approximately 8.4 MJ week(-1) (2000 kcal week(-1)). CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes can be prevented by lifestyle change. The challenge is to develop public health approaches to support individuals with respect to incorporating the lifestyle changes needed to reduce the risk of diabetes into their everyday life. FAU - Walker, K Z
The role of diet in prevention and management of type 2 diabetes: implications for public health.; The aim of this review is to examine the current scientific knowledge on the relationship between diet and Type 2 diabetes and consider further implications for public health. The review focuses on the main nutritional elements which have been identified as significant in the prevention and management of Type 2 diabetes. Research findings on the role of carbohydrate, fiber, alcohol, and individual fatty acids are discussed, while the role of specific micro-nutrients and the influence of obesity are comprehensively presented. The association between dietary habits and Type 2 diabetes etiology and management is also reviewed, in order to examine the positive effects of adherence to a healthy dietary pattern, including the plausible role of the Mediterranean diet. FAU - Lazarou, Chrystalleni
Dietary Polyphenols and Gene Expression in Molecular Pathways Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review. LID - 10.3390/ijms21010140 [doi] LID - 140; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a complex metabolic disorder with various contributing factors including genetics, epigenetics, environment and lifestyle such as diet. The hallmarks of T2DM are insulin deficiency (also referred to as β-cell dysfunction) and insulin resistance. Robust evidence suggests that the major mechanism driving impaired β-cell function and insulin signalling is through the action of intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced stress. Chronic high blood glucose (hyperglycaemia) and hyperlipidaemia appear to be the primary activators of these pathways. Reactive oxygen species can disrupt intracellular signalling pathways, thereby dysregulating the expression of genes associated with insulin secretion and signalling. Plant-based diets, containing phenolic compounds, have been shown to exhibit remedial benefits by ameliorating insulin secretion and insulin resistance. The literature also provides evidence that polyphenol-rich diets can modulate the expression of genes involved in insulin secretion, insulin signalling, and liver gluconeogenesis pathways. However, whether various polyphenols and phenolic compounds can target specific cellular signalling pathways involved in the pathogenesis of T2DM has not been elucidated. This review aims to evaluate the modulating effects of various polyphenols and phenolic compounds on genes involved in cellular signalling pathways (both in vitro and in vivo from human, animal and cell models) leading to the pathogenesis of T2DM. FAU - Kang, Gideon Gatluak
Recent data on Mediterranean diet, cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes and life expectancy.; Benefits of dietary moderation when on a Mediterranean diet type (MD) have been known for well over half a century. In the past, there has been a vigorous renewal of interest in preventive potential of MD. This review is unique, by focusing on the very recent confirmatory data on the MD, all published within the first half of 2014. Benefits of MD in preventing and reducing cardiovascular disorders (CVD), known before, have been strongly confirmed. While there is little doubt regarding potential benefit of MD for obesity, diabetes type II, metabolic syndrome and fatty liver, critical evaluation has to be aimed at reported benefits of MD in such widely metabolic diverse disorders as cancer, pulmonary disease and cognition defects, including Alzheimer disease (Ref. 20). Text in PDF www.elis.sk. FAU - Ginter, E
Plant-based Diet for HbA1c Reduction in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: an Evidence-based Case Report.; BACKGROUND: diabetes has become a major public health concern with an estimated 180 million cases worldwide. Nutritional changes are one of the key aspects in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Previous studies have suggested an association between vegetarian diets and improvements in glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus, however the relationship is not well established. The aim of this report is to perform a critical appraisal to analyze whether plant-based diet reduces the HbA1c level compared to conventional diet. METHODS: a comprehensive computer-based literature search was performed on June 20, 2016 using PubMed, Ovid, EBSCO, and the Cochrane Library. All abstracts and titles from the initial search results were screened, reviewed, and appraised using critical appraisal worksheets by Center of Evidence-Based Medicine, University of Oxford. RESULTS: one systematic review and two RCTs met the inclusion criteria and were considered eligible for this case report. In patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, HbA1c significantly yielded greater reduction in the plant-based group compared to conventional diet group after 22 weeks of follow up. Similarly, there was a statistically greater reduction in HbA1c level in the plant-based group after 72 weeks. Furthermore, consumption of plant-based diet was associated with a significant reduction in HbA1c. CONCLUSION: in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, HbA1c reduction was greater in patients with plant-based diet compared to patients with conventional diet. Further research should be conducted with larger sample size and longer follow-up period. FAU - Utami, Denita Biyanda
Diet-quality scores and the risk of type 2 diabetes in men.; OBJECTIVE: To 1) compare associations of diet-quality scores, which were inversely associated with cardiovascular disease, with incident type 2 diabetes and 2) test for differences in absolute-risk reduction across various strata. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Men from the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study, who were initially free of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or cancer (n = 41,615), were followed for ≤ 20 years. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI) 2005, the alternative HEI (aHEI) the Recommended Food Score, the alternative Mediterranean Diet (aMED) Score, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) Score were calculated from food-frequency questionnaires. Cox proportional hazard models with time-varying covariates were used to assess risk by quintiles and continuous intervals. RESULTS: There were 2,795 incident cases of type 2 diabetes. After multivariate adjustment, the aHEI, aMED, and DASH scores were significantly associated with reduced risk. A 1-SD increase was associated with 9-13% reduced risk (P < 0.01), and the DASH score was associated with lower risk independent of other scores. These scores were associated with lower absolute risk among those who were overweight or obese compared with normal weight (P for interaction < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Several diet-quality scores were associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes and reflect a common dietary pattern characterized by high intakes of plant-based foods such as whole grains; moderate alcohol; and low intakes of red and processed meat, sodium, sugar-sweetened beverages, and trans fat. High-quality diets may yield the greatest reduction in diabetes cases when followed by those with a high BMI. FAU - de Koning, Lawrence
Prediabetes diagnosis criteria, type 2 diabetes risk and dietary modulation: The CORDIOPREV study.; AIM: Our objective was to investigate the role of two healthy diets in modulating the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) development associated with each prediabetes diagnosis criteria in coronary heart disease patients. Additionally, we explored the pathophysiological characteristics and the risk of developing T2DM in patients with different prediabetes criteria. METHODS: We included 462 patients from the CORDIOPREV study without T2DM at baseline: 213 had prediabetes defined by impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (PreDM-IFG/IGT); 180 had prediabetes by isolated hemoglobin glycated plasma levels (PreDM-isolated-HbA1c), and 69 were not prediabetics (non-PreDM), according to the American Diabetes Association criteria. Patients were randomized to consume either a Mediterranean or a low-fat diet. We performed a COX proportional hazards regression analysis to determine the T2DM risk according to diet and the prediabetes criteria after a median follow-up of 60 months. RESULTS: We found higher T2DM risk (HR: 2.98; 95% CI 1.27-6.98) in PreDM-IFG/IGT than in PreDM-isolated-HbA1c (HR: 2.31; 95% CI 0.97-5.49) compared with non-PreDM. Long-term consumption of a low-fat diet was associated with a lower risk of T2DM when compared to the Mediterranean diet in the PreDM-IFG/IGT group (HR: 3.20; 95% CI 0.75-13.69 versus HR: 4.70; 95% CI 1.12-19.67, respectively). Moreover, we found the highest risk of T2DM development associated with patients who had both IFG and IGT (HR: 2.15; 95% CI 1.11-4.16). Patients who had both IFG and IGT and consumed a low-fat diet had a lower T2DM risk than those who consumed a Mediterranean diet (HR: 1.53; 95% CI 0.53-4.39 versus HR: 3.33; 95% CI 1.34-8.30, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that the type of diet consumed may modulate the risk of T2DM development according to the prediabetes diagnosis criteria. Specifically, our study showed that the consumption of a low-fat diet was more beneficial than a Mediterranean diet in patients with IFG and IGT. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.govNCT00924937.
A Comprehensive Review of the Literature Supporting Recommendations From the Canadian Diabetes Association for the Use of a Plant-Based Diet for Management of Type 2 Diabetes.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is considered one of the fastest growing diseases in Canada, representing a serious public health concern. Thus, clinicians have begun targeting modifiable risk factors to manage type 2 diabetes, including dietary patterns such as a plant-based diets (PBDs). The Canadian Diabetes Association has included PBDs among the recommended dietary patterns to be used in medical nutrition therapy for persons with type 2 diabetes. To support knowledge translation, this review summarizes the current literature relating to PBDs and the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, its clinical applications and its acceptability in the management of type 2 diabetes as well as its application in community settings. This comprehensive review seeks to close the literature gap by providing background and rationale to support the use of PBDs as medical nutrition therapy. Within this review is support from large observational studies, which have shown that PBDs were associated with lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes. As well, intervention studies have shown that PBDs were just as effective, if not more effective, than other diabetes diets in improving body weight, cardiovascular risk factors, insulin sensitivity, glycated hemoglobin levels, oxidative stress markers and renovascular markers. Furthermore, patient acceptability was comparable to other diabetes diets, and PBDs reduced the need for diabetes medications. Diabetes education centres in Canada could improve patients' perceptions of PBDs by developing PBD-focused education and support as well as providing individualized counselling sessions addressing barriers to change. The development of more standardized and user-friendly PBD practice guidelines could overcome the disparity in recommendations and, thereby, increase how frequently practitioners recommend PBDs. Based on current published research, PBDs lend support in the management of type 2 diabetes.
Diet Quality Indices and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Singapore Chinese Health Study.; We aimed to test whether predefined dietary patterns that are inversely related to risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in Western populations were similarly associated with lower T2D risk in an Asian population. We included 45,411 middle-aged and older participants (ages 45-74 years) in the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease at baseline (1993-1998). Participants were followed up for T2D diagnosis through 2010. Dietary information was collected using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Dietary pattern scores were calculated for the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (AHEI-2010), the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, an overall plant-based diet index, and a healthful plant-based diet index. During a median of 11.1 years of follow-up, 5,207 incident cases of T2D occurred. After adjustment for multiple potential confounders, the 5 dietary pattern scores were significantly associated with 16% (for aMED) to 29% (for DASH) lower risks of T2D when comparing the highest score quintiles with the lowest (all P-for-trend values < 0.001). These associations did not vary substantially by baseline age, sex, body mass index, or hypertension status but were limited to nonsmokers (aMED: P for interaction < 0.001; AHEI-2010: P for interaction = 0.03). Adherence to a high-quality diet, as reflected by several predefined diet quality indices derived in Western populations, was significantly associated with lower T2D risk in an Asian population. FAU - Chen, Guo-Chong
Mediterranean diet and risk of frailty syndrome among women with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Previous research indicates that patients with type 2 diabetes are at higher risk of becoming frail. Emerging evidence also indicates that the Mediterranean diet may prevent frailty in the older population. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to assess whether a Mediterranean-style diet pattern was associated with lower risk of frailty among older women with diabetes. DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study in 8970 women aged ≥60 y with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses' Health Study. Adherence to the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED) score was first measured in 1990 and repeated every 4 y until 2010. Frailty occurrence was ascertained up to 2012 and was defined as having ≥3 of the following 5 criteria from the fatigue, resistance, aerobic, illnesses, loss of weight (FRAIL) scale: Fatigue, low Resistance, low Aerobic capacity, having ≥5 Illnesses, and weight Loss of ≥5%. Those with frailty at baseline were excluded. RESULTS: During follow-up, we identified 569 incident cases of frailty. After adjustment for lifestyle factors and medication use, the HR (95% CI) of frailty was 1 for the lowest quartile of the aMED score, 0.88 (0.71, 1.10) for the second quartile, 0.69 (0.53, 0.88) for the third quartile, and 0.54 (0.42, 0.71) for the highest quartile (P-trend < 0.001). A 2-point (∼1 SD) increase in the aMED score was associated with a 28% (95% CI: 19%, 36%) reduced risk of frailty. The largest reduction in the risk was observed for a higher consumption of vegetables and fruit, as well as for alcohol intake. CONCLUSIONS: A Mediterranean-style diet pattern was associated with reduced risk of frailty syndrome in older women with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Lopez-Garcia, Esther
Efficacy of high-fiber diets in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To review outcomes of randomized controlled clinical trials exploring the efficacy of different types of diets containing various amounts of fiber in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We searched PubMed, Medline, and Google Scholar for published data from the past decade (through December 2009) on dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Only randomized controlled trials investigating the effect of whole grains, fiber, or vegetarian diets on type 2 diabetes were included. Search criteria included whole grain, fruit, vegetable, fiber, and meat intake regarding insulin sensitivity and glycemic responses in healthy, prediabetic, and diabetic persons. RESULTS: A total of 14 randomized clinical trials were included. Addition of insoluble or soluble fiber to meals, increased consumption of diets rich in whole grains and vegetables, and vegan diets improve glucose metabolism and increase insulin sensitivity. The greatest improvement in blood lipids, body weight, and hemoglobin A(1c) level occurred in participants following low-fat, plant-based diets. CONCLUSIONS: Increased consumption of vegetables, whole grains, and soluble and insoluble fiber is associated with improved glucose metabolism in both diabetic and nondiabetic individuals. Improvements in insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis were more evident in participants following a plant-based diet compared with other commonly used diets. FAU - Wolfram, Taylor
The usefulness of a Mediterranean-based diet in individuals with type 2 diabetes.; This article reviews current data available on the Mediterranean diet related to its use in a diabetic population. Based on many published reports, it is apparent that the Mediterranean diet may be used in dietary interventions for the treatment of overweight and obesity, conditions associated with the development of type 2 diabetes. In addition, obesity in type 2 diabetic persons is associated with other cardiovascular disease risk factors. The Mediterranean diet has been found to be inversely related to the metabolic syndrome, often a feature of diabetic individuals. Perhaps the most critical information placing the Mediterranean diet in a favorable position is the positive response of insulin, blood glucose, blood lipids, and other metabolic factors predicting cardiovascular disease risk and outcomes. This diet is a viable treatment option; advisors should stress not only adherence to a fairly traditional Mediterranean eating plan but also a lifestyle that includes sufficient physical activity. FAU - Champagne, Catherine M
Dietary patterns and the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, asthma, and neurodegenerative diseases.; Diet and lifestyle play a significant role in the development chronic diseases; however the full complexity of this relationship is not yet understood. Dietary pattern investigation, which reflects the complexity of dietary intake, has emerged as an alternative and complementary approach for examining the association between diet and chronic diseases. Literature on this association has largely focused on individual nutrients, with conflicting outcomes, but individuals consume a combination of foods from many groups that form dietary patterns. Our objective was to systematically review the current findings on the effects of dietary patterns on chronic diseases. In this review, we describe and discuss the relationships between dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean, the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension, Prudent, Seventh-day Adventists, and Western, with risk of obesity, type-2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, asthma, and neurodegenearive diseases. Evidence is increasing from both observational and clinical studies that plant-based dietary patterns, which are rich in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, are valuable in preventing various chronic diseases, whereas a diet high in red and processed meat, refined grains and added sugar seems to increase said risk. Dietary pattern analysis might be especially valuable to the development and evaluation of food-based dietary guidelines. FAU - Medina-Remón, Alexander
Dietary patterns and prevention of type 2 diabetes: from research to clinical practice; a systematic review.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes, a disease difficult to treat and expensive to manage, is increasing rapidly worldwide. It is also known that lifestyle, and particularly dietary habits, play an important role in the development of diabetes. Adherence to a healthy dietary pattern, like the Mediterranean diet, exerts a beneficial role regarding the development of diabetes. Additionally certain individual food groups and components of the diet, such as monounsaturated fatty acids, fruits, vegetables, whole grain cereals, dietary fiber, fish and moderate consumption of alcohol, also may protect against the development of diabetes, possibly through the amelioration of insulin sensitivity and their anti-inflammatory actions. Unfortunately, dietary habits in the developed world are changing towards an unhealthier direction. Consequently, emphasis should be given on encouraging at population and individual level for adopting a healthier lifestyle, including dietary habits, in order to prevent the development of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Kastorini, Christina-Maria
Gene-lifestyle interaction and type 2 diabetes: the EPIC interact case-cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Understanding of the genetic basis of type 2 diabetes (T2D) has progressed rapidly, but the interactions between common genetic variants and lifestyle risk factors have not been systematically investigated in studies with adequate statistical power. Therefore, we aimed to quantify the combined effects of genetic and lifestyle factors on risk of T2D in order to inform strategies for prevention. METHODS AND FINDINGS: The InterAct study includes 12,403 incident T2D cases and a representative sub-cohort of 16,154 individuals from a cohort of 340,234 European participants with 3.99 million person-years of follow-up. We studied the combined effects of an additive genetic T2D risk score and modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors using Prentice-weighted Cox regression and random effects meta-analysis methods. The effect of the genetic score was significantly greater in younger individuals (p for interaction  = 1.20×10-4). Relative genetic risk (per standard deviation [4.4 risk alleles]) was also larger in participants who were leaner, both in terms of body mass index (p for interaction = 1.50×10-3) and waist circumference (p for interaction  = 7.49×10-9). Examination of absolute risks by strata showed the importance of obesity for T2D risk. The 10-y cumulative incidence of T2D rose from 0.25% to 0.89% across extreme quartiles of the genetic score in normal weight individuals, compared to 4.22% to 7.99% in obese individuals. We detected no significant interactions between the genetic score and sex, diabetes family history, physical activity, or dietary habits assessed by a Mediterranean diet score. CONCLUSIONS: The relative effect of a T2D genetic risk score is greater in younger and leaner participants. However, this sub-group is at low absolute risk and would not be a logical target for preventive interventions. The high absolute risk associated with obesity at any level of genetic risk highlights the importance of universal rather than targeted approaches to lifestyle intervention. FAU - Langenberg, Claudia
Dietary Patterns Emphasizing the Consumption of Plant Foods in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes: A Narrative Review.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is increasing worldwide. This complex and multifactorial metabolic condition affects both the quality and expectancy of life in adults. Therefore, appropriate lifestyle strategies are needed in order to reduce the burden of T2D. Dietary patterns characterized by a high consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, and seeds, and a minimal consumption of animal products, have been suggested as a dietary approach to prevent and control T2D and related micro- and macrovascular complications. This narrative review summarizes epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence on the role of the most widely studied dietary patterns that emphasize the consumption of plant foods [vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean, and DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diets] in the management of T2D and its complications. Furthermore, their potential underlying mechanisms are discussed. Dietary patterns emphasizing the consumption of plant foods appear to confer beneficial effects on glycemic control in different diabetic populations. Several components of these dietary patterns might confer benefits on glycemia and counterbalance the detrimental effects of animal-based foods. The limited evidence on T2D-related complications makes it difficult to draw solid conclusions.
Role of resveratrol in the management of insulin resistance and related conditions: Mechanism of action.; Resveratrol (RES), a well-known antioxidant, is present in numerous plant species and, as a result, is easily obtained through dietary intake of plant-based foods and beverages. Several studies suggest that RES has anti-carcinogenic, anti-microbial, and anti-viral effects. It may also have beneficial metabolic properties that result in mitigation of insulin resistance (IR) and related metabolic abnormalities, including dyslipidemia, hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia through regulation of gene expression or the activity of rate-limiting enzymes. A large body of evidence supports the beneficial effects of RES in the management and treatment of IR, type 2 diabetes, and related complications through a multitude of mechanisms. This review article focuses on the mechanisms of action of RES, the mechanisms leading to improved insulin sensitivity, and its clinical role in the management and treatment of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Abbasi Oshaghi, Ebrahim
A role for plant science in underpinning the objective of global nutritional security?; BACKGROUND: The challenges of achieving global food security have become more demanding as scientists have realized that not only calorie content but also food composition and colonic microbial content impact our health and well-being, dramatically. The ways that the nutrients we consume affect our health are highly complex due to the diversity of what we eat, the varying digestibility of what we eat, the changing composition and functioning of each individual's gut microbiota, the differences in absorption and bioavailability of the nutrients we eat, the differences in responses between individuals to what they eat and the multi-fold mechanisms of action that nutrients have on our health. PERSPECTIVE AND CONCLUSIONS: It has been accepted for more than 50 years that diets rich in plants, particularly fruit and vegetables, protect health, and yet such diets have declined, with lower fruit and vegetable content and much more cheap, sugary, oily, processed foods, over the same period. These dietary shifts have had a marked impact on the incidence of chronic diseases: obesity, metabolic diseases, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Greater support for research into the ways that plant-based foods impact health will be essential for changing dietary patterns to protect health and to achieve global nutritional security. FAU - Martin, Cathie
Coffee intake and risk of type 2 diabetes: the Multiethnic Cohort.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the influence of coffee consumption on diabetes incidence among the Hawaii component of the Multiethnic Cohort (MEC). DESIGN: Prospective cohort. SETTING: Population-based sample residing in Hawaii. SUBJECTS: After exclusions, 75 140 men and women of Caucasian, Japanese American and Native Hawaiian ancestry aged 45-75 years were part of the current analysis. All participants provided information on diet and lifestyle through an FFQ. After 14 years of follow-up 8582 incident diabetes cases were identified using self-reports, medication questionnaires and health plan linkages. Hazard ratios (HR) and 95 % confidence intervals were calculated using Cox regression while adjusting for known covariates. RESULTS: The risk for diabetes associated with total coffee consumption differed by sex (P interaction < 0·0001). Women consuming ≥3 cups of any type of coffee daily had a significantly lower risk (HR = 0·66; 95 % CI 0·58, 0·77; P trend < 0·0001) than those reporting <1 cup/d, whereas the relationship in men was borderline (HR = 0·89; 95 % CI 0·80, 0·99; P trend = 0·09). The same difference by sex was seen for regular coffee consumption, with HR of 0·65 (95 % CI 0·54, 0·78; P trend < 0·0001) and 0·86 (95 % CI 0·75, 0·98; P trend = 0·09) in men and women, respectively. No significant association with diabetes was apparent for decaffeinated coffee in women (HR = 0·85; 95 % CI 0·72, 1·01; P trend = 0·73) or men (HR = 1·07; 95 % CI 0·93, 1·23; P trend = 0·71). Despite small differences by ethnicity, the interaction terms between coffee intake and ethnicity were not significant. CONCLUSIONS: In this multiethnic population, regular, but not decaffeinated, coffee intake was much more protective against diabetes in women of all ethnic groups than in men. FAU - Doo, Taisha
Long-term associations of nut consumption with body weight and obesity.; There is some concern that the high-fat, energy-dense content of nuts may promote weight gain. Nuts, however, are rich in protein and dietary fiber, which are associated with increased satiety. They also contain high amounts of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and phytoesterols that may confer health benefits for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes delay and prevention. Therefore, it is important to determine the association between nut consumption and long-term weight change and disease risk to reach scientific consensus and to make evidence-based public health recommendations. Several cross-sectional analyses have shown an inverse association between higher nut consumption and lower body weight. In addition, several independent prospective studies found that increasing nut consumption was associated with lower weight gain over relatively long periods of time. Moreover, high consumption of nuts (especially walnuts) has been associated with lower diabetes risk. Therefore, regular consumption (approximately one handful daily) of nuts over the long term, as a replacement to less healthful foods, can be incorporated as a component of a healthy diet for the prevention of obesity and type 2 diabetes.
[About fruits and vegetables: the paradise does not come back].; An increased fruit and vegetable consumption might be associated with a protection for the development of chronic diseases. The postulated mechanisms of this protection are multiple and no single mechanism can be identified. It is important to remember that the protection is mediated by the ideal combination of nutrients and phytochemicals in fruits and vegetables and not by a single chemical component. Accordingly it is more wise to eat fruits and vegetables instead of isolated compounds in pharmacological dosage. FAU - Suter, P M
Stearidonic acid: is there a role in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus?; Obesity and its related comorbidities are major public health concerns in the United States with over two-thirds of adults and one-third of children classified as overweight or obese. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has similarly risen to an estimated 25.8 million, which accounts for a staggering $174 billion in annual healthcare costs. Identification of dietary interventions that protect against the development of T2DM would markedly reduce the medical and economic consequences of the disease. Hence, we review current evidence supporting a role of (n-3) PUFA in T2DM and explore potential therapeutic implications of stearidonic acid (SDA). The low consumption of fish in the US along with a reduced efficiency to interconvert most plant (n-3) PUFA highlights a need to find alternative sources of (n-3) PUFA. The efficient biological conversion of SDA to EPA underscores the potential implications of SDA as a source of (n-3) PUFA. The full therapeutic efficacy of SDA remains to be further determined. However, recent data have suggested a protective role of SDA consumption on markers of dyslipidemia and inflammation. The AHA recommends that healthy individuals consume oily fish at least twice per week and individuals with a history of cardiovascular disease consume 1 g of EPA+DHA/d. These goals will likely not be met by the typical American diet. Therefore, SDA may represent a sustainable alternative to marine-based (n-3) PUFA and may have novel therapeutic efficacy regarding the development of T2DM. FAU - Banz, William J
Differences in the interpretation of a modernized Mediterranean diet prescribed in intervention studies for the management of type 2 diabetes: how closely does this align with a traditional Mediterranean diet?; PURPOSE AND METHODS: Adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is associated with the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, in intervention studies, there is discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet. The purpose of this paper was to examine, synthesize, and develop a narrative review, exploring the qualitative differences in the interpretation of a modernized MedDiet prescribed as an intervention in clinical trials for the management of T2DM, and how closely this aligns with a traditional MedDiet. The 'traditional' MedDiet is often described as a dietary pattern high in unprocessed plant foods (fruits, vegetables, legumes, nuts, wholegrain cereals, and olive oil); moderate consumption of wine; low moderate in fish/shellfish; and an infrequent consumption of red meat, animal fats, vegetable oils, and processed foods. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Synthesis of the reviewed literature demonstrates considerable variation in the qualitative interpretation of a MedDiet. We also identified inadequate reporting of MedDiet interventions, despite a number of studies referring to their intervention as a 'traditional' MedDiet. The majority of studies emphasized the same key dietary components and principles: an increased intake of vegetables, wholegrains, and the preferential consumption of white meat in substitute of red and processed meat and abundant use of olive oil. However, the reporting of specific dietary recommendations for fruit, legumes, nuts, bread, red wine, and fermentable dairy products were less consistent or not reported. Irrespective of the discordance in the interpretation of a MedDiet, a number of studies included in the present review reported improved glycaemic control and favorable cardiovascular outcomes with adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet. Nevertheless, greater clarity and depth of reporting amongst intervention studies is warranted for the refinement of a modernized MedDiet definition that is distinct from a prudent dietary pattern. FAU - Villani, Anthony
The Potential of South African Herbal Tisanes, Rooibos and Honeybush in the Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. LID - 10.3390/molecules23123207 [doi] LID - 3207; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disease that can lead to high morbidity, mortality and long-term complications. Available treatment strategies, which are mainly based on treating hyperglycemia, with insulin and other pharmacological agents are not completely efficient and can even lead to development of unwanted side effects. Scientific evidence suggests that bioactive compounds from teas and other plant-based foods, which are known source of natural antioxidants, could be an attractive strategy to preferentially treat and manage type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and thus, have significant therapeutic implications. In this review, we attempt an in-depth analysis and discussion of the current progress in our understanding of the antidiabetic potential of two commercialized South Africa herbal tisanes-Rooibos and Honeybush and their polyphenols. FAU - Ajuwon, Olawale R
Soluble transferrin receptor and risk of type 2 diabetes in the obese and nonobese.; BACKGROUND: Studies evaluating the relationship between soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR), a biomarker inversely related to body iron stores, and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are scarce and inconclusive. Furthermore, sTfR concentrations have been observed to be significantly higher in obese than in nonobese individuals. Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the relationship between sTfR and the risk of T2DM in obese and nonobese subjects. DESIGN: A nested case-control study of 153 cases of newly diagnosed diabetic subjects, 73 obese and 80 nonobese, and 306 individually matched controls, 138 obese and 166 nonobese, who did not develop T2DM for a median 6-year follow-up (interquartile range: 3·9-6·5) was conducted using data from the PREvention with MEDiterranean Diet (PREDIMED) cohort (http://www.controlled-trials.com/ISRCTN35739639). Cases and controls were matched for age (≤ 67 vs. > 67 years), gender, dietary intervention group and BMI (≤ 27 vs. > 27 kg/m(2) ). RESULTS: Waist circumference is the main determinant of sTfR concentrations in the whole sample (β = 0·476, P < 0·001), in the obese (β = 0·802, P < 0·001) and the nonobese (β = 0·455, P = 0·003). Furthermore, sTfR is directly associated with the risk of T2DM in obese individuals (OR = 2·79; 95% CI: 1·35-5·77, P = 0·005) and inversely associated in nonobese individuals (OR = 0·40; 95% CI: 0·20-0·79, P = 0·015). CONCLUSIONS: The association between sTfR levels and risk of T2DM in a population at high cardiovascular risk depend on the presence or absence of obesity. While in nonobese subjects elevated sTfR levels are associated with a decreased risk of developing T2DM, in obese subjects the risk increases. This suggests that obesity alters the relationship between sTfR and T2DM incidence.
Nutritional strategies in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Weight loss is a key goal in the management of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. There are conflicting weight-loss strategies, including low-carbohydrate diets, low glycemic-index diets, low-fat vegan diets, conventional low-fat diets, and high-protein and high-monounsaturated fat diets. There is no evidence to suggest that 1 nutritional strategy is clearly the best. The most successful strategy is one that the patient can adopt and follow in the long term.
Veganism Is a Viable Alternative to Conventional Diet Therapy for Improving Blood Lipids and Glycemic Control.; The American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) have each outlined a set of dietary recommendations aimed at improving glycemic control and blood lipids, respectively. However, traditional vegan diets (low-fat diets that proscribe animal product consumption) are also effective at improving glycemic control, and dietary portfolios (vegan diets that contain prescribed amounts of plant sterols, viscous fibers, soy protein, and nuts) are also effective at improving blood lipids. The purpose of this review was to compare the effects of traditional vegan diets and dietary portfolios with ADA and NCEP diets on body weight, blood lipids, blood pressure, and glycemic control. The main findings are that traditional vegan diets appear to improve glycemic control better than ADA diets in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while dietary portfolios have been consistently shown to improve blood lipids better than NCEP diets in hypercholesterolemic individuals. FAU - Trepanowski, John F
A Selective Role of Dietary Anthocyanins and Flavan-3-ols in Reducing the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review of Recent Evidence. LID - 10.3390/nu11040841 [doi] LID - 841; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is the most common form of DM and its prevalence is increasing worldwide. Because it is a progressive disease, prevention, early detection and disease course modification are possible. Diet plays a critical role in reducing T2DM risk. Therapeutic dietary approaches routinely recommend diets high in plant foods (i.e., vegetables, fruits, whole-grains). In addition to essential micronutrients and fiber, plant-based diets contain a wide-variety of polyphenols, specifically flavonoid compounds. Evidence suggests that flavonoids may confer specific benefits for T2DM risk reduction through pathways influencing glucose absorption and insulin sensitivity and/or secretion. The present review assesses the relationship between dietary flavonoids and diabetes risk reduction reviewing current epidemiology and clinical research. Collectively, the research indicates that certain flavonoids, explicitly anthocyanins and flavan-3-ols and foods rich in these compounds, may have an important role in dietary algorithms aimed to address diabetes risk factors and the development of T2DM. FAU - Burton-Freeman, Britt
What is the cobalamin status among vegetarians and vegans in Australia?; Water-soluble vitamin B(12) (cobalamin) plays a vital role in normal blood function and neurological functioning. Clinical and subclinical B(12) deficiency has been notably reported in vegans, vegetarians, the elderly and metformin-treated diabetics. Currently, the prevalence of cobalamin deficiency among vegans and vegetarians in Australia is lacking; data on dietary intake including supplements and nutritional status are also limited. The increasing multiculturalism of Australia has seen an influx of imported foods, of which some may contain considerable vitamin B(12). However, values for such foods are not included in the food composition databases. This review highlights the need to update the food composition database with culturally diverse foods containing vitamin B(12). Moreover, the need for assessing dietary intakes and status using the most current best evidence and best practice on nutritional indicators (biochemical and functional biomarkers) to estimate the risk of deficiency and/or depletion is discussed. FAU - Chandra-Hioe, Maria V
Dairy Products, Dairy Fatty Acids, and the Prevention of Cardiometabolic Disease: a Review of Recent Evidence.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine recent literature on dairy products, dairy fatty acids, and cardiometabolic disease. Primary questions of interest include what unique challenges researchers face when investigating dairy products/biomarkers, whether one should consume dairy to reduce disease risk, whether dairy fatty acids may be beneficial for health, and whether one should prefer low- or high-fat dairy products. RECENT FINDINGS: Dairy composes about 10% of the calories in a typical American diet, about half of that coming from fluid milk, half coming from cheese, and small amounts from yogurt. Most meta-analyses report no or weak inverse association between dairy intake with cardiovascular disease and related intermediate outcomes. There is some suggestion that dairy consumption was inversely associated with stroke incidence and yogurt consumption was associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Odd chain fatty acids (OCFAs) found primarily in dairy (15:0 and 17:0) appear to be inversely associated with cardiometabolic risk, but causation is uncertain. Substitution analyses based on prospective cohorts suggested that replacing dairy fat with vegetable fat or polyunsaturated fat was associated with significantly lower risk of cardiovascular disease. Current evidence suggests null or weak inverse association between consumption of dairy products and risk of cardiovascular disease. However, replacing dairy fat with polyunsaturated fat, especially from plant-based foods, may confer health benefits. More research is needed to examine health effects of different types of dairy products in diverse populations. FAU - Yu, Edward
Natural Hydrogen Sulfide Donors from Allium sp. as a Nutraceutical Approach in Type 2 Diabetes Prevention and Therapy. LID - 10.3390/nu11071581 [doi] LID - 1581; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) is a socially relevant chronic disease with high prevalence worldwide. DM may lead to several vascular, macrovascular, and microvascular complications (cerebrovascular, coronary artery, and peripheral arterial diseases, retinopathy, neuropathy, and nephropathy), often accelerating the progression of atherosclerosis. Dietary therapy is generally considered to be the first step in the treatment of diabetic patients. Among the current therapeutic options, such as insulin therapy and hypoglycemic drugs, in recent years, attention has been shifting to the effects and properties-that are still not completely known-of medicinal plants as valid and inexpensive therapeutic supports with limited side effects. In this review, we report the relevant effects of medicinal plants and nutraceuticals in diabetes. In particular, we paid attention to the organosulfur compounds (OSCs) present in plant extracts that due to their antioxidant, hypoglycemic, anti-inflammatory, and immunomodulatory effects, can contribute as cardioprotective agents in type 2 DM. OSCs derived from garlic (Allium sp.), due to their properties, can represent a valuable support to the diet in type 2 DM, as outlined in this manuscript based on both in vitro and in vivo studies. Moreover, a relevant characteristic of garlic OSCs is their ability to produce the gasotransmitter H(2)S, and many of their effects can be explained by this property. Indeed, in recent years, several studies have demonstrated the relevant effects of endogenous and exogenous H(2)S in human DM, including by in vitro and in vivo experiments and clinical trials; therefore, here, we summarize the effects and the underlying molecular mechanisms of H(2)S and natural H(2)S donors. FAU - Melino, Sonia
Emerging Evidence for the Importance of Dietary Protein Source on Glucoregulatory Markers and Type 2 Diabetes: Different Effects of Dairy, Meat, Fish, Egg, and Plant Protein Foods. LID - 10.3390/nu8080446 [doi] LID - 446; Observational studies provide evidence that a higher intake of protein from plant-based foods and certain animal-based foods is associated with a lower risk for type 2 diabetes. However, there are few distinguishable differences between the glucoregulatory qualities of the proteins in plant-based foods, and it is likely their numerous non-protein components (e.g., fibers and phytochemicals) that drive the relationship with type 2 diabetes risk reduction. Conversely, the glucoregulatory qualities of the proteins in animal-based foods are extremely divergent, with a higher intake of certain animal-based protein foods showing negative effects, and others showing neutral or positive effects on type 2 diabetes risk. Among the various types of animal-based protein foods, a higher intake of dairy products (such as milk, yogurt, cheese and whey protein) consistently shows a beneficial relationship with glucose regulation and/or type 2 diabetes risk reduction. Intervention studies provide evidence that dairy proteins have more potent effects on insulin and incretin secretion compared to other commonly consumed animal proteins. In addition to their protein components, such as insulinogenic amino acids and bioactive peptides, dairy products also contain a food matrix rich in calcium, magnesium, potassium, trans-palmitoleic fatty acids, and low-glycemic index sugars-all of which have been shown to have beneficial effects on aspects of glucose control, insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity and/or type 2 diabetes risk. Furthermore, fermentation and fortification of dairy products with probiotics and vitamin D may improve a dairy product's glucoregulatory effects. FAU - Comerford, Kevin B
A low-fat vegan diet elicits greater macronutrient changes, but is comparable in adherence and acceptability, compared with a more conventional diabetes diet among individuals with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Although therapeutic diets are critical to diabetes management, their acceptability to patients is largely unstudied. OBJECTIVE: To quantify adherence and acceptability for two types of diets for diabetes. DESIGN: Controlled trial conducted between 2004 and 2006. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Individuals with type 2 diabetes (n=99) at a community-based research facility. Participants were randomly assigned to a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines or a low-fat, vegan diet for 74 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Attrition, adherence, dietary behavior, diet acceptability, and cravings. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: For nutrient intake and questionnaire scores, t tests determined between-group differences. For diet-acceptability measures, the related samples Wilcoxon sum rank test assessed within-group changes; the independent samples Mann-Whitney U test compared the diet groups. Changes in reported symptoms among the groups was compared using chi(2) for independent samples. RESULTS: All participants completed the initial 22 weeks; 90% (45/50) of American Diabetes Association guidelines diet group and 86% (42/49) of the vegan diet group participants completed 74 weeks. Fat and cholesterol intake fell more and carbohydrate and fiber intake increased more in the vegan group. At 22 weeks, group-specific diet adherence criteria were met by 44% (22/50) of members of the American Diabetes Association diet group and 67% (33/49) of vegan-group participants (P=0.019); the American Diabetes Association guidelines diet group reported a greater increase in dietary restraint; this difference was not significant at 74 weeks. Both groups reported reduced hunger and reduced disinhibition. Questionnaire responses rated both diets as satisfactory, with no significant differences between groups, except for ease of preparation, for which the 22-week ratings marginally favored the American Diabetes Association guideline group. Cravings for fatty foods diminished more in the vegan group at 22 weeks, with no significant difference at 74 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Despite its greater influence on macronutrient intake, a low-fat, vegan diet has an acceptability similar to that of a more conventional diabetes diet. Acceptability appears to be no barrier to its use in medical nutrition therapy. FAU - Barnard, Neal D
Mediterranean dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes in the Islamic Republic of Iran.; BACKGROUND: More than 1% of urban Iranians aged >20 years develop type 2 diabetes annually. A major contributing factor is overweight due to energy imbalance and poor quality diet. Even though there are reports on the beneficial effects of some isolated foods on glucose metabolism, researchers are increasingly focusing on dietary patterns versus single foods. AIMS: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and risk of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: The current study was a case-control study nested in the cohort of the Tehran Glucose and Lipid Study. Among participants who met the study criteria, 187 incident cases of diabetes were identified and matched with 374 healthy controls according to sex, age, date of data collection, and previous history of lifestyle intervention. RESULTS: In the highest Mediterranean Diet Scale (MDS) category there were higher intakes of energy, fibre, glycaemic load, carbohydrate, total fat, and olive oil. However saturated fatty acid and monounsaturated fatty acid intakes decreased in higher MDS categories. The multiple adjusted odds ratios (ORs) for type 2 diabetes among individuals with medium (score 3-4) and high (score 5-8) adherence to MDS were 0.79 (95% CI:0.38-1.65) and 0.93 (95% CI:0.44-1.96), respectively, compared to individuals with low adherence (score 0-3). CONCLUSION: Adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern was not associated with type 2 diabetes. Increased rates of type 2 diabetes in the Islamic Republic of Iran might be accounted for by the cultural and traditional differences between the Iranian and the Mediterranean dietary patterns.
Gut microbiota and cardiometabolic outcomes: influence of dietary patterns and their associated components.; Many dietary patterns have been associated with cardiometabolic risk reduction. A commonality between these dietary patterns is the emphasis on plant-based foods. Studies in individuals who consume vegetarian and vegan diets have shown a reduced risk of cardiovascular events and incidence of diabetes. Plant-based dietary patterns may promote a more favorable gut microbial profile. Such diets are high in dietary fiber and fermentable substrate (ie, nondigestible or undigested carbohydrates), which are sources of metabolic fuel for gut microbial fermentation and, in turn, result in end products that may be used by the host (eg, short-chain fatty acids). These end products may have direct or indirect effects on modulating the health of their host. Modulation of the gut microbiota is an area of growing interest, and it has been suggested to have the potential to reduce risk factors associated with chronic diseases. Examples of dietary components that alter the gut microbial composition include prebiotics and resistant starches. Emerging evidence also suggests a potential link between interindividual differences in the gut microbiota and variations in physiology or predisposition to certain chronic disease risk factors. Alterations in the gut microbiota may also stimulate certain populations and may assist in biotransformation of bioactive components found in plant foods. Strategies to modify microbial communities may therefore provide a novel approach in the treatment and management of chronic diseases.
Non-targeted metabolomic biomarkers and metabotypes of type 2 diabetes: A cross-sectional study of PREDIMED trial participants.; AIM: To characterize the urinary metabolomic fingerprint and multi-metabolite signature associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D), and to classify the population into metabotypes related to T2D. METHODS: A metabolomics analysis using the (1)H-NMR-based, non-targeted metabolomic approach was conducted to determine the urinary metabolomic fingerprint of T2D compared with non-T2D participants in the PREDIMED trial. The discriminant metabolite fingerprint was subjected to logistic regression analysis and ROC analyses to establish and to assess the multi-metabolite signature of T2D prevalence, respectively. Metabotypes associated with T2D were identified using the k-means algorithm. RESULTS: A total of 33 metabolites were significantly different (P<0.05) between T2D and non-T2D participants. The multi-metabolite signature of T2D comprised high levels of methylsuccinate, alanine, dimethylglycine and guanidoacetate, and reduced levels of glutamine, methylguanidine, 3-hydroxymandelate and hippurate, and had a 96.4% AUC, which was higher than the metabolites on their own and glucose. Amino-acid and carbohydrate metabolism were the main metabolic alterations in T2D, and various metabotypes were identified in the studied population. Among T2D participants, those with a metabotype of higher levels of phenylalanine, phenylacetylglutamine, p-cresol and acetoacetate had significantly higher levels of plasma glucose. CONCLUSION: The multi-metabolite signature of T2D highlights the altered metabolic fingerprint associated mainly with amino-acid, carbohydrate and microbiota metabolism. Metabotypes identified in this patient population could be related to higher risk of long-term cardiovascular events and therefore require further studies. Metabolomics is a useful tool for elucidating the metabolic complexity and interindividual variation in T2D towards the development of stratified precision nutrition and medicine. Trial registration at www.controlled-trials.com: ISRCTN35739639.
Effect of different dietary patterns on glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.; Different dietary patterns have been positively related to the glycemic control of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, consensual dietary pattern for these individuals is not established. We aimed to evaluate the effects of adopting different dietary patterns on glycemic control markers of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. PubMed, Scopus, MEDLINE, Lilacs, Open Thesis and Google Scholar databases were searched using the Medical Subject Headings and terms related to dietary pattern and glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Interventional studies with adults of this population without diabetes-related complications, presenting data on percentage of glycated hemoglobin, and dietary patterns were included. In vitro, animal, reviews, observational, and studies with children, adolescents, pregnant and breastfeeding women were excluded. The time of adoption dietary patterns ranged from eight weeks to four years in randomized clinical trials, and six months in the cohort study. Vegetarian, vegan, Mediterranean, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension dietary patterns reduced 0.8% on average of percentage of glycated hemoglobin, considering all included studies. It was also observed reduction in fasting glycemia and improvement in Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Sensitivity. However, more randomized clinical trials are required for a full elucidation of these questions. FAU - de Carvalho, Gabrielli Barbosa
Dietary glycemic load and atherothrombotic risk.; Hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia are central features of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus, which contribute to the pathogenesis of coronary heart disease (CHD). Recent data indicate that increased dietary glycemic load (GL) due to replacing fats with carbohydrates or increasing intake of rapidly absorbed carbohydrates (ie, high glycemic index) can create a self-perpetuating insulin resistance state and predicts greater CHD risk. In this paper, we discuss the historic development of the GI and GL concepts and summarize metabolic experiments and epidemiologic observations relating to clinical utilities of these measures. On balance, increased consumption of low-GI foods leads to improvements in glycemia and dyslipidemia in metabolic studies, and a low-GL diet has been associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes and CHD in prospective cohort studies. We conclude that decreasing dietary GL by reducing the intake of high-glycemic beverages and replacing refined grain products and potatoes with minimally processed plant-based foods such as whole grains, fruits, and vegetables may reduce CHD incidence in sedentary individuals and populations with a high prevalence of overweight. Because of advances in food-processing technologies and changes in ingredients in our food supply, the composition and physiologic effects of foods are likely to change over time. Future efforts should continue to quantify and monitor the metabolic impacts of different foods, and such information should be routinely incorporated into long-term prospective studies to allow for the assessment of the interactive effects of diets and other metabolic determinants on chronic disease risk. FAU - Liu, Simin
Effect of interactions of polymorphisms in the Melanocortin-4 receptor gene with dietary factors on the risk of obesity and Type 2 diabetes: a systematic review.; AIM: To perform a systematic review of the effect of interaction between Melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) single nucleotide polymorphisms and diet on the development of obesity and Type 2 diabetes. BACKGROUND: Environmental factors, such as nutrient intakes or feeding behaviours, can modulate the association of polymorphism in the MC4R gene with obesity and Type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A systematic literature search was conducted in the PubMed, Scopus and Google Scholar databases, with a combination of the following keywords: Diet*, nutr*, melanocortin receptor, melanocortin 4 receptor and MC4R. To assess the quality of observational studies, we used a 12-item quality checklist, derived from the STREGA statement. RESULTS: A total of 14 articles were selected based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Consumption of highly salty foods and adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern can modulate the association between MC4R polymorphisms and the risk of obesity or Type 2 diabetes. Despite the highly contradictory results of intervention studies, after short-term lifestyle interventions, children with variant alleles of MC4R single nucleotide polymorphisms can lose more body weight, compared with non-carriers, although they may have difficulty in maintaining this weight loss in the long-term. To interpret the results of studies on adults, we need further studies. CONCLUSIONS: The interaction between MC4R genes with dietary factors plays a significant role in the development of obesity or Type 2 diabetes phenotypes. Early detection of MC4R risk alleles in individuals and modification of their diet based on these results could be an efficient strategy to prevent obesity or diabetes in these subgroups.
Dietary cis-monounsaturated fatty acids and metabolic control in type 2 diabetes.; Whether low-fat, high-carbohydrate (CHO) diets or moderately high-fat, high-monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) diets are preferable for the treatment and prevention of diabetes has been a matter of debate. High-fat diets based on MUFA-rich oils or whole foods have been compared with high-CHO diets for effects on several cardiovascular risk outcomes in diabetic subjects. Early studies using metabolic diets with wide differences in total fat content (15-25% of energy) generally found a beneficial effect of MUFA diets on glycemic control and serum lipids. Recent studies using prescribed diets with a difference of </= 15% of energy in total fat between low-fat and high-MUFA diets show similar effects on glycemic profiles but still favor MUFA diets for effects on triacylglycerols and HDL cholesterol. It is unclear whether postprandial fat clearance is impaired by CHO diets and improved by MUFA diets, independent of effects on fasting triacylglycerol concentrations. Unless one diet contains abundant antioxidants, the 2 dietary approaches appear to have similar effects on LDL oxidation. Low-fat diets, however, are associated with atherogenic, dense LDL particles, while normal, buoyant LDL predominate with high-fat diets irrespective of fatty acid composition. Limited experimental evidence suggests that MUFA diets favorably influence blood pressure, coagulation, endothelial activation, inflammation, and thermogenic capacity. Energy-controlled high-MUFA diets do not promote weight gain and are more acceptable than low-fat diets for weight loss in obese subjects. Thus, there is good scientific support for MUFA diets as an alternative to low-fat diets for medical nutrition therapy in diabetes. FAU - Ros, Emilio
Gut microbiome-Mediterranean diet interactions in improving host health.; The gut microbiota plays a fundamental role in host health and disease. Host diet is one of the most significant modulators of the gut microbial community and its metabolic activities. Evidence demonstrates that dietary patterns such as the 'Western diet' and perturbations in gut microbiome (dysbiosis) have strong associations with a wide range of human diseases, including obesity, metabolic syndrome, type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. However, consumption of Mediterranean-style diets is considered healthy and associated with the prevention of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, colorectal cancers and many other diseases. Such beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet might be attributed to high proportion of fibers, mono- and poly-unsaturated fatty acids, antioxidants and polyphenols. Concurrent literature has demonstrated beneficial modulation of the gut microbiome following a Mediterranean-style diet in humans as well as in experimental animal models such as rodents. We recently demonstrated similar positive changes in the gut microbiome of non-human primates consuming a Mediterranean-style diet for long term (30 months). Therefore, it is rational to speculate that this positive modulation of the gut microbiome diversity, composition and function is one of the main factors intermediating the health effects of Mediterranean diet on the host. The present perspective discusses the evidences that the Mediterranean diet induces gut microbiome modulation in rodents, non-human primates and human subjects, and discusses the potential role of gut microbiota and microbial metabolites as one of the fundamental catalysts intermediating various beneficial health effects of Mediterranean diet on the host.
Mediterranean diet and metabolic syndrome: the evidence.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet has long been related to a lower cardiovascular disease risk; however, more recent evidences also indicate that it has a favourable effect on adiposity and type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: Review of the available literature in relation to Mediterranean diet and metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: Several components of Mediterranean diet patterns have been inversely related with body mass index. They are considered to be modulators of insulin resistance, can exert beneficial effects on blood pressure, improve atherogenic dyslipidemia or attenuate the inflammatory burden associated with metabolic syndrome. Furthermore, a lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome has been associated with dietary patterns rich in fruits and vegetables, nuts, olive oil, legumes and fish, moderate in alcohol and low in red meat, processed meat, refined carbohydrates and whole-fat dairy products. CONCLUSIONS: There is much evidence suggesting that the Mediterranean diet could serve as an anti-inflammatory dietary pattern, which could help to fight diseases related to chronic inflammation, including metabolic syndrome. FAU - Babio, Nancy
Improving the scientific rigour of nutritional recommendations for adults with type 2 diabetes: A comprehensive review of the American Diabetes Association guideline-recommended eating patterns.; AIMS: The global rate of type 2 diabetes (T2D) continues to rise. Guidelines that influence the worldwide treatment of this disease are central to changing this trajectory. We sought in this review to evaluate the appropriateness of sources cited in the American Diabetes Association's (ADA) guidelines on eating patterns for T2D management, identify additional relevant sources, and evaluate the evidence. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We reviewed the evidence behind the ADA's recommendations on eating patterns in the 2018 and 2019 ADA Standards of Care and the 2014 ADA Nutrition Therapy Recommendations for Adults with Diabetes. Additionally, we conducted a comprehensive search to identify any additional studies not included in the cited evidence. To determine appropriateness of inclusion in the guidelines, the following criteria were applied: 1) it was a clinical trial or systematic review/meta-analysis of clinical trials; 2) it involved persons with T2D; 3) one of the study arms followed one of the eating patterns currently recommended; 4) its reported outcomes included glycaemic control; 5) outcomes were reported separately for persons with T2D. RESULTS: We found a wide variation in the evidence for each eating pattern. Issues that have hampered the guideline process include: lack of a rigorous literature review, resulting in the omission of pertinent studies; an overreliance on prospective cohort studies; inconsistent standards for evidence; inclusion of studies not on persons with T2D; and bias. CONCLUSIONS: The ADA Guidelines recommended eating patterns fall short of rigorous standards of scientific review according to state-of-the-art systematic review and guideline creation practices.
The effect of macronutrients on glycaemic control: a systematic review of dietary randomised controlled trials in overweight and obese adults with type 2 diabetes in which there was no difference in weight loss between treatment groups.; Weight loss is crucial for treating type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It remains unclear which dietary intervention is best for optimising glycaemic control, or whether weight loss itself is the main reason behind observed improvements. The objective of this study was to assess the effects of various dietary interventions on glycaemic control in overweight and obese adults with T2DM when controlling for weight loss between dietary interventions. A systematic review of randomised controlled trials (RCT) was conducted. Electronic searches of Medline, Embase, Cinahl and Web of Science databases were conducted. Inclusion criteria included RCT with minimum 6 months duration, with participants having BMI≥25·0 kg/m2, a diagnosis of T2DM using HbA1c, and no statistically significant difference in mean weight loss at the end point of intervention between dietary arms. Results showed that eleven studies met the inclusion criteria. Only four RCT indicated the benefit of a particular dietary intervention over another in improving HbA1c levels, including the Mediterranean, vegan and low glycaemic index (GI) diets. However the findings from one of the four studies showing a significant benefit are questionable because of failure to control for diabetes medications and poor adherence to the prescribed diets. In conclusion there is currently insufficient evidence to suggest that any particular diet is superior in treating overweight and obese patients with T2DM. Although the Mediterranean, vegan and low-GI diets appear to be promising, further research that controls for weight loss and the effects of diabetes medications in larger samples is needed. FAU - Emadian, Amir
Plasma Acylcarnitines and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in a Mediterranean Population at High Cardiovascular Risk.; CONTEXT: The potential associations between acylcarnitine profiles and incidence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and whether acylcarnitines can be used to improve diabetes prediction remain unclear. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations between baseline and 1-year changes in acylcarnitines and their diabetes predictive ability beyond traditional risk factors. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: We designed a case-cohort study within the PREDIMED Study including all incident cases of T2D (n = 251) and 694 randomly selected participants at baseline (follow-up, 3.8 years). Plasma acylcarnitines were measured using a targeted approach by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. We tested the associations between baseline and 1-year changes in individual acylcarnitines and T2D risk using weighted Cox regression models. We used elastic net regressions to select acylcarnitines for T2D prediction and compute a weighted score using a cross-validation approach. RESULTS: An acylcarnitine profile, especially including short- and long-chain acylcarnitines, was significantly associated with a higher risk of T2D independent of traditional risk factors. The relative risks of T2D per SD increment of the predictive model scores were 4.03 (95% CI, 3.00 to 5.42; P < 0.001) for the conventional model and 4.85 (95% CI, 3.65 to 6.45; P < 0.001) for the model including acylcarnitines, with a hazard ratio of 1.33 (95% CI, 1.08 to 1.63; P < 0.001) attributed to the acylcarnitines. Including the acylcarnitines into the model did not significantly improve the area under the receiver operator characteristic curve (0.86 to 0.88, P = 0.61). A 1-year increase in C4OH-carnitine was associated with higher risk of T2D [per SD increment, 1.44 (1.03 to 2.01)]. CONCLUSIONS: An acylcarnitine profile, mainly including short- and long-chain acylcarnitines, was significantly associated with higher T2D risk in participants at high cardiovascular risk. The inclusion of acylcarnitines into the model did not significantly improve the T2D prediction C-statistics beyond traditional risk factors, including fasting glucose.
Vegetarian diets and risk of hospitalisation or death with diabetes in British adults: results from the EPIC-Oxford study.; BACKGROUND: The global prevalence of diabetes is high and rapidly increasing. Some previous studies have found that vegetarians might have a lower risk of diabetes than non-vegetarians. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between vegetarianism and risk of hospitalisation or death with diabetes in a large, prospective cohort study of British adults. METHODS: The analysed cohort included participants from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Oxford study who were diabetes free at recruitment (1993-2001), with available dietary intake data at baseline, and linked hospital admissions and death data for diabetes over follow-up (n = 45,314). Participants were categorised as regular meat eaters (≥50 g per day: n = 15,181); low meat eaters (<50 g of meat per day: n = 7615); fish eaters (ate no meat but consumed fish: n = 7092); and vegetarians (ate no meat or fish, including vegans: n = 15,426). We used multivariable Cox proportional hazards models to assess associations between diet group and risk of diabetes. RESULTS: Over a mean of 17.6 years of follow-up, 1224 incident cases of diabetes were recorded. Compared with regular meat eaters, the low meat eaters, fish eaters, and vegetarians were less likely to develop diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 0.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.54-0.75; HR = 0.47, 95% CI 0.38-0.59; and HR = 0.63, 95% CI 0.54-0.74, respectively). These associations were substantially attenuated after adjusting for body mass index (BMI) (low meat eaters: HR = 0.78, 95% CI 0.66-0.92; fish eaters: HR = 0.64, 95% CI 0.51-0.80; and vegetarians: HR = 0.89, 95% CI 0.76-1.05). CONCLUSIONS: Low meat and non-meat eaters had a lower risk of diabetes, in part because of a lower BMI. FAU - Papier, Keren
Association between a pro plant-based dietary score and cancer risk in the prospective NutriNet-santé cohort.; Diverse plant products (e.g. fruits, vegetables, legumes) are associated with decreased cancer risk at several locations while red and processed meat were found to increase cancer risk. A pro plant-based dietary score reflecting the relative contribution of consumed plant vs animal products was developed, and was associated with lower overall mortality, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk, among omnivorous adults. For the first time, we investigated the prospective associations between this pro plant-based dietary score and cancer risk. This study included 42,544 men and women of the French NutriNet-Santé prospective cohort (2009-2016) aged ≥45 years who completed at least three 24-hr-dietary records during the first year of follow-up. The risk of developing cancer was compared across sex-specific tertiles of pro plant-based dietary score by multivariable Cox models. In total, 1,591 first primary incident cancer cases were diagnosed during follow-up, among which 487 breast, 243 prostate, 198 digestive and 68 lung cancers. A higher pro plant-based dietary score was associated with decreased risks of overall (HR(t3vs.t1) =0.85; 95% CI 0.76, 0.97; P(trend) =0.02), digestive (HR(t3vs.t1) =0.68; 95% CI 0.47; 0.99; P(trend) = 0.04) and lung (HR(t3vs.t1) =0.47; 95% CI 0.25, 0.90; P(trend) =0.02) cancer, though no substantial associations were found for breast or prostate cancers. This large cohort study supports a beneficial role of higher intakes of plant-based products along with lower intakes of animal products, within a balanced omnivorous diet, regarding primary cancer prevention. These results are consistent with mechanistic evidence from experimental studies.
Taiwanese vegetarians and omnivores: dietary composition, prevalence of diabetes and IFG.; INTRODUCTION: Vegetarian diets have been shown to improve glucose metabolism and reduce risk for diabetes in Westerners but whether Chinese vegetarian diets have the same benefits is unknown. METHODS: We evaluated the association between diet and diabetes/impaired fasting glucose (IFG) among 4384 Taiwanese Buddhist volunteers and identified diabetes/IFG cases from a comprehensive review of medical history and fasting plasma glucose. RESULTS: Vegetarians had higher intakes of carbohydrates, fiber, calcium, magnesium, total and non-heme iron, folate, vitamin A, and lower intakes of saturated fat, cholesterol, and vitamin B12. Besides avoiding meat and fish, vegetarians had higher intakes of soy products, vegetables, whole grains, but similar intakes of dairy and fruits, compared with omnivores. The crude prevalence of diabetes in vegetarians versus omnivores is 0.6% versus 2.3% in pre-menopausal women, 2.8% versus 10% in menopausal women, and 4.3% versus 8.1% in men. Polytomous logistic regression adjusting for age, body mass index, family history of diabetes, education, leisure time physical activity, smoking and alcohol, showed that this vegetarian diet was negatively associated with diabetes and IFG in men (OR for diabetes: 0.49, 95% CI: 0.28-0.89; OR for IFG: 0.66, 95% CI: 0.46-0.95); in pre-menopausal women (OR for diabetes: 0.26, 95% CI: 0.06-1.21; OR for IFG: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.35-1.04); and in menopausal women (OR for diabetes: 0.25, 95% CI: 0.15-0.42; OR for IFG: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.56-0.95). CONCLUSION: We found a strong protective association between Taiwanese vegetarian diet and diabetes/IFG, after controlling for various potential confounders and risk factors. FAU - Chiu, Tina H T
Optimal Dietary Strategies for Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Diabetes: Evidence and Recommendations.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review presents the current available evidence of the effects of several dietary patterns on atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). RECENT FINDINGS: Evidence demonstrates improvements in cardiovascular risk factors with some dietary patterns in the general population. However, evidence is limited for glycemic control and cardiovascular benefit in patients with T2D for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension and plant-based dietary patterns. Evidence suggests that carbohydrate-restricted dietary patterns improve glycemic control and decrease the use of anti-hyperglycemic medications. The Mediterranean dietary pattern has the most evidence for glycemic control and decreased ASCVD risk in patients with T2D. There is no evidence on ASCVD outcomes in patients with T2D for any other dietary pattern. The Mediterranean dietary pattern has the most evidence for cardiovascular benefit in patients with T2D. Future research should examine the effect of dietary patterns on ASCVD outcomes. FAU - Liday, Cara
Influence of diet on gut microbiota, inflammation and type 2 diabetes mellitus. First experience with macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a complex disorder influenced by both genetic and environmental factors. Recent studies have suggested that an imbalance of the intestinal microbiota may be involved in the development of several human diseases, including obesity and T2DM. The main regulators of the intestinal microbiota are age, ethnicity, the immune system and diet. A high-fat diet may induce dysbiosis, which can result in a low-grade inflammatory state, obesity and other metabolic disorders. Adding prebiotics to the diet may reduce inflammation, endotoxaemia and cytokine levels as well as improving insulin resistance and glucose tolerance. The administration of prebiotics such as fermentable dietary fibres, promotes glucagon-like peptide 1 and peptide YY (anorexigenic) and decreases ghrelin (orexigenic). In a recent 21-day, intervention study in patients with T2DM, the effect of using the macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet was investigated. Results suggested that it could induce a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose, plasma lipid fractions, plasma insulin and homeostasis. It is therefore possible that a diet rich in prebiotics and probiotics can play a role in T2DM management, probably due to positive intestinal microbiota modulation. However, this must be demonstrated by larger studies including randomized controlled trials that measure indicators of inflammation.
[New knowledge of diet therapy of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes].; The composition of the diet of the type II-diabetics should correspond to the principles of a lactovegetarian diet: relatively many carbohydrates, vegetables, fruits and little fat, in particular little animal fats. By such a pathogenetically orientated nutrition one is at the earliest able to treat successfully preventively and therapeutically the development of the arteriosclerosis which is connected with the type 2 diabetes and with metabolic syndrome. Thereby the weight reduction is of course integrated into such a dietary prescription. The number of meals a day should not routine-like be established to 5 to 6, and only in a bad metabolic condition the subdivision into many smaller meals is necessary. In the calculation of the food type 2 diabetics with overweight stabilised on diet alone should estimate the energy of food and reduce it. At this stage the calculation of carbohydrates is not necessary. Only when a blood sugar decreasing therapy is added (insulin and perhaps sulfonylureas) we have additionally to begin the calculation of carbohydrates. In order to obtain a useful compliance unnecessary reglementations must be removed so that only there where necessary a strict discipline is observed. FAU - Bruns, W
Mediterranean Diet and Cardiodiabesity: A Systematic Review through Evidence-Based Answers to Key Clinical Questions. LID - 10.3390/nu11030655 [doi] LID - 655; The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) has been promoted as a means of preventing and treating cardiodiabesity. The aim of this study was to answer a number of key clinical questions (CQs) about the role of the MedDiet in cardiodiabesity in order to provide a framework for the development of clinical practice guidelines. A systematic review was conducted to answer five CQs formulated using the Patient, Intervention, Comparison, and Outcome (PICO) criteria. Twenty articles published between September 2013 and July 2016 were included, adding to the 37 articles from the previous review. There is a high level of evidence showing that MedDiet adherence plays a role in the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and improves health in overweight and obese patients. There is moderate-to-high evidence that the MedDiet prevents increases in weight and waist circumference in non-obese individuals, and improves metabolic syndrome (MetS) and reduces its incidence. Finally, there is moderate evidence that the MedDiet plays primary and secondary roles in the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The MedDiet is effective in preventing obesity and MetS in healthy and at-risk individuals, in reducing mortality risk in overweight or obese individuals, in decreasing the incidence of T2DM and CVD in healthy individuals, and in reducing symptom severity in individuals with T2DM or CVD. FAU - Franquesa, Marcella
Effects of green tea or green tea extract on insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control in populations at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Although the regular consumption of green tea or green tea extract has been considered to improve insulin sensitivity, the reported results are inconsistent. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the effect of green tea or green tea extract on insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control in populations at risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: Electronic databases, including PUBMED, The Cochrane Library, EMBASE, ISI Web of Knowledge, Chinese Biomedical Literature Database and Chinese Scientific Journals Fulltext Database, were systematically searched to identify randomised controlled trials (RCTs) up to December 2011, supplemented by the Clinicaltrials.gov websites and the reference lists of identified studies. Two reviewers independently selected trials, extracted data, and evaluated the methodological qualities and evidence levels. RESULTS: Seven RCTs involving 510 participants were identified. There was no statistically significant difference between green tea or green tea extract group and placebo group with regard to fasting plasma glucose [standardised mean difference (SMD) 0.04; 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.15 to 0.24], fasting serum insulin (SMD -0.09; 95% CI -0.30 to 0.11), 2-h plasma glucose in the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT-2 h) (SMD -0.14; 95% CI -0.63 to 0.34), haemoglobin A₁c (SMD 0.10; 95% CI -0.13 to 0.33) and homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA(IR)) index (SMD -0.06; 95% CI -0.35 to 0.23) in participants at risk of T2DM. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of green tea did not decrease the levels of fasting plasma glucose, fasting serum insulin, OGTT-2 h glucose, haemoglobin A₁c and HOMA(IR) in populations at risk of T2DM. Larger, longer-term and high-quality RCTs are needed to further definitely determine the effect of green tea or green tea extract on insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control in populations at risk of T2DM.
Vegan-vegetarian low-protein supplemented diets in pregnant CKD patients: fifteen years of experience.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy in women with advanced CKD becoming increasingly common. However, experience with low-protein diets in CKD patients in pregnancy is still limited. Aim of this study is to review the results obtained over the last 15 years with moderately restricted low-protein diets in pregnant CKD women (combining: CKD stages 3-5, proteinuria: nephrotic at any time, or > =1 g/24 at start or referral; nephrotic in previous pregnancy). CKD patients on unrestricted diets were employed for comparison. STUDY PERIOD: January, 2000 to September, 2015: 36 on-diet pregnancies (31 singleton deliveries, 3 twin deliveries, 1 pregnancy termination, 1 miscarriage); 47 controls (42 singleton deliveries, 5 miscarriages). The diet is basically vegan; since occasional milk and yoghurt are allowed, we defined it vegan-vegetarian; protein intake (0.6-0.8 g/Kg/day), keto-acid supplementation, protein-unrestricted meals (1-3/week) are prescribed according to CKD stage and nutritional status. Statistical analysis was performed as implemented on SPSS. RESULTS: Patients and controls were similar (p: ns) at baseline with regard to age (33 vs 33.5), referral week (7 vs 9), kidney function (CKD 3-5: 48.4 % vs 64.3 %); prevalence of hypertension (51.6 % vs 40.5 %) and proteinuria >3 g/24 h (16.1 % vs 12.2 %). There were more diabetic nephropathies in on-diet patients (on diet: 31.0 % vs controls 5.3 %; p 0.007 (Fisher)) while lupus nephropathies were non-significantly higher in controls (on diet: 10.3 % vs controls 23.7 %; p 0.28 (Fisher)). The incidence of preterm delivery was similar (<37 weeks: on-diet singletons 77.4 %; controls: 71.4 %). The incidence of other adverse pregnancy related outcomes was non-significantly lower in on-diet patients (early preterm delivery: on diet: 32.3 % vs controls 35.7 %; birth-weight = <1.500 g: on diet: 9.7 % vs controls 23.8 %). None of the singletons in the on-diet series died, while two perinatal deaths occurred among the controls (p = 0.505). The incidence of small for gestational age (SGA <10th centile) and/or extremely preterm babies (<28th week) was significantly lower in singletons from on-diet mothers than in controls (on diet: 12.9 % vs controls: 33.3 %; p: 0.04 (Fisher)). CONCLUSION: Moderate protein restriction in the context of a vegan-vegetarian supplemented diet is confirmed as a safe option in the management of pregnant CKD patients. FAU - Attini, Rossella
Evaluating Mediterranean diet and risk of chronic disease in cohort studies: an umbrella review of meta-analyses.; Several meta-analyses have been published summarizing the associations of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) with chronic diseases. We evaluated the quality and credibility of evidence from these meta-analyses as well as characterized the different indices used to define MedDiet and re-calculated the associations with the different indices identified. We conducted an umbrella review of meta-analyses on cohort studies evaluating the association of the MedDiet with type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer and cognitive-related diseases. We used the AMSTAR (A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews) checklist to evaluate the methodological quality of the meta-analyses, and the NutriGrade scoring system to evaluate the credibility of evidence. We also identified different indices used to define MedDiet; tests for subgroup differences were performed to compare the associations with the different indices when at least 2 studies were available for different definitions. Fourteen publications were identified and within them 27 meta-analyses which were based on 70 primary studies. Almost all meta-analyses reported inverse associations between MedDiet and risk of chronic disease, but the credibility of evidence was rated low to moderate. Moreover, substantial heterogeneity was observed on the use of the indices assessing adherence to the MedDiet, but two indices were the most used ones [Trichopoulou MedDiet (tMedDiet) and alternative MedDiet (aMedDiet)]. Overall, we observed little difference in risk associations comparing different MedDiet indices in the subgroup meta-analyses. Future prospective cohort studies are advised to use more homogenous definitions of the MedDiet to improve the comparability across meta-analyses. FAU - Galbete, Cecilia
An Integrated Computational Approach for Plant-Based Protein Tyrosine Phosphatase Non-Receptor Type 1 Inhibitors.; BACKGROUND: Protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 1 is a therapeutic target for the type 2 diabetes mellitus. According to the International Diabetes Federation 2015 report, one out of 11 adults suffers from diabetes mellitus globally. OBJECTIVE: Current anti-diabetic drugs can cause life-threatening side-effects. The present study proposes a pipeline for the development of effective and plant-derived anti-diabetic drugs that may be safer and better tolerated. METHODS: Plant-derived protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 1 inhibitors possessing antidiabetic activity less than 10µM were used as a training set. A common feature pharmacophore model was generated. Pharmacophore-based screening of plant-derived compounds of the ZINC database was conducted using ZINCpharmer. Screened hits were assessed to evaluate their drug-likeness, pharmacokinetics, detailed binding behavior, and aggregator possibility based on their physiochemical properties and chemical similarity with reported aggregators. RESULTS: Through virtual screening and in silico pharmacology protocol isosilybin (ZINC30731533) was identified as a lead compound with optimal properties. This compound can be recommended for laboratory tests and further analyses to confirm its activity as protein tyrosine phosphatase nonreceptor type 1 inhibitor. CONCLUSION: The present study has identified plant-derived anti-diabetic virtual lead compound with the potential to inhibit protein tyrosine phosphatase non-receptor type 1, which may be helpful to enhance insulin production. This computer-aided study could facilitate the development of novel pharmacological inhibitors for diabetes treatment.
Diet quality is inversely associated with obesity in Chinese adults with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diet quality has been linked to obesity, but this relationship remains unclear in individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D). The aim of this study is to examine the association between diet quality and obesity in Chinese adults with T2D. METHODS: Between April and November 2016, a total of 211 Chinese T2D adults who underwent assessment of diabetes-related treatment goals and metabolic control were recruited into two groups based on their body mass index (BMI): obese group (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)) and non-obese group (BMI = 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)). Diet quality indices including Alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), Diet Quality Index-International (DQI-I), and Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH) score, were derived from a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Obese T2D patients had significantly lower AHEI-2010 (P < 0.001), DQI-I (P < 0.001), and DASH total scores (P = 0.044) than their non-obese counterparts, independent of age and sex. They also had higher total energy (P < 0.001), protein percentage of energy (P = 0.023), and meat, poultry and organ meat (P < 0.001), but lower vegetable (P = 0.014) intakes. Our multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated that the AHEI-2010, but not DQI-I and DASH, total score had an inverse association with obesity, independent of sociodemographics, anti-diabetic medication use, physical activity level and total energy intake (odds ratio [OR] per standard deviation (1-SD) increase: 0.95, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.91-0.99, P = 0.020). This association remained significant after further adjustment for glycemic control. Inverse associations were also found between obesity and multivariate-adjusted component scores, including AHEI-2010 red/processed meat (OR per 1-SD: 0.71, 95% CI: 0.51-0.99, P = 0.044), DQI-I variety (OR per 1-SD: 0.63, 95% CI: 0.46-0.86, P = 0.004), and DASH red/processed meat (OR per 1-SD: 0.57, 95% CI: 0.38-0.84, P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Better diet quality, as characterized by higher AHEI-2010 scores, was associated with lower odds of obesity in Chinese adults with T2D. Dietary patterns reflecting high consumption of plant-based foods and low consumption of animal-based, high-fat, and processed foods may be imperative to optimize nutritional guidance for obesity management in this population. FAU - Cheung, Lorena T F
Mediterranean Diet and Health Outcomes in the SUN Cohort. LID - 10.3390/nu10040439 [doi] LID - 439; The Mediterranean Dietary (MedDiet) Pattern has been linked to many beneficial health effects. This review summarizes the main findings of a prospective cohort study, the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort, specifically focused on MedDiet and the risk of major chronic disease. It is an open cohort in which 22,786 Spanish university graduates have participated since 1999 until February 2018. Data on diet, lifestyle and clinical diagnosis are collected at baseline and every two years. After reviewing 21 publications from the SUN cohort on the effects of the MedDiet, we conclude that this cohort has provided good evidence that a high MedDiet adherence is associated with a reduced incidence of all-cause mortality, fatal and non-fatal major cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes, weight gain, metabolic syndrome, depression, cognitive decline, and nephrolithiasis. An inverse dose-response relationship was found for many of these associations. The MedDiet was also associated with lower average heart rate, a mitigation of the harmful effects of overweight/obesity on the risk of CVD, and an attenuation of the effects of obesity on type 2 diabetes. A suggestion that the MedDiet may enhance fertility was also found. FAU - Carlos, Silvia
Short-Term Dietary Oatmeal Interventions in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes: A Forgotten Tool.; Dietary modifications play a central role in the treatment of diabetes. Educating and empowering individuals to make better dietary choices is a challenging task. In this context, 1 potential dietetic approach to achieve better glycemic control in type 2 diabetes is often overlooked: the use of short-term dietary oatmeal interventions. This concept was described more than 100 years ago by the German diabetologist Carl von Noorden. It is still applied in several German hospitals, but in a modified form. Although von Noorden initially prescribed a diet including oatmeal, butter and vegetables, some physicians nowadays tend to omit butter from the diet. The result is a hypocaloric, plant-based dietary intervention that is low in fat and excludes animal protein for a short period. This short-term dietary intervention has been associated with a significant reduction in mean blood glucose concentrations and an improved insulin sensitivity in patients with type 2 diabetes. Almost forgotten, short-term dietary oatmeal interventions are an economical, yet highly effective tool to achieve better glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes.
α-Glucosidase and α-amylase inhibitors from seed oil: A review of liposoluble substance to treat diabetes.; One of the effective managements of diabetes mellitus, in particular, noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, is to retard the absorption of glucose by inhibition of carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes, such as α-glucosidase and α-amylase, in the digestive organs. Currently, there is renewed interest in plant-based medicines and functional foods modulating physiological effects in the inhibition of α-glucosidase and α-amylase. Accordingly, inhibitors of α-glucosidase or α-amylase derived from various sources have also been isolated, and majority of phenolic compounds and their effects have been investigated in animals as well. As such, when the presence of α-glucosidase inhibitor in many foodstuffs was screened for, we found that vegetable seed oil also strongly inhibited α-glucosidase and α-amylase. Seed oil is an important source of liposoluble constituents with potential for inhibition of these enzymes, hence can also be used as therapeutic or functional food sources. Therefore, this review is aimed at highlighting the main liposoluble classes of α-glucosidase and α-amylase inhibitors, but it is not intended to be an exhaustive review on the subject. FAU - Teng, Hui
Evaluation of an Eight-Week Whole-Food Plant-Based Lifestyle Modification Program. LID - 10.3390/nu11092068 [doi] LID - 2068; Poor diet quality is the leading cause of death both in the United States and worldwide, and the prevalence of obesity is at an all-time high and is projected to significantly worsen. Results from an eight-week group program utilizing an ad-libitum whole-food plant-based dietary pattern, were reviewed. There were 79 participants, all self-referred from the community, including 24 (30.4%) who were already vegetarian or vegan at baseline. Seventy-eight participants (98.7%) completed the eight-week program. Among completers, those with higher BMI at baseline lost a larger percentage of their body weight (total body weight loss of 3.0 ± SD 2.1%, 5.8 ± 2.8%, and 6.4 ± 2.5% for participants who had baseline BMI in normal, overweight, and obese range, respectively). The average weight loss for all the completers was 5.5 ± 3.0 kg (p < 0.0001). Final blood pressure and plasma lipids were reduced compared to baseline (SBP decreased 7.1 ± 15.5 mmHg (p = 0.0002), DBP decreased 7.3 ± 10.9 mmHg (p < 0.0001), total cholesterol decreased 25.2 ± 24.7 mg/dL (p < 0.0001), LDL decreased 15.3 ± 21.1 mg/dL (p < 0.0001)). Twenty-one (26.9%) participants were able to decrease or stop at least one chronic medication compared to two (2.6%) participants who required an increased dose of a chronic medication. Participants who were already vegetarian or vegan at baseline experienced statistically significant weight loss and reductions in total and LDL cholesterol. There was a non-significant trend toward less weight loss in these participants compared to participants who were non-vegetarian at baseline. Reductions in total and LDL cholesterol were not significantly different when comparing vegetarian or vegan and non-vegetarian participants. A whole-food plant-based dietary intervention may provide significant short-term benefits for both non-vegetarian, vegetarian, and vegan individuals. FAU - Campbell, Erin K
The effect of Mediterranean diet on the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis of 10 prospective studies and 136,846 participants.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this work was to meta-analyze prospective studies that have evaluated the effect of a Mediterranean diet on the development of type 2 diabetes. MATERIALS/METHODS: PubMed, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials databases were searched up to 20 November 2013. English language publications were allocated; 17 original research studies (1 clinical trial, 9 prospective and 7 cross-sectional) were identified. Primary analyses were limited to prospective studies and clinical trials, yielding to a sample of 136,846 participants. A systematic review and a random effects meta-analysis were conducted. RESULTS: Higher adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with 23% reduced risk of developing type 2 diabetes (combined relative risk for upper versus lowest available centile: 0.77; 95% CI: 0.66, 0.89). Subgroup analyses based on region, health status of participants and number of confounders controlling for, showed similar results. Limitations include variations in Mediterranean diet adherence assessment tools, confounders' adjustment, duration of follow up and number of events with diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: The presented results are of major public health importance, since no consensus exists concerning the best anti-diabetic diet. Mediterranean diet could, if appropriately adjusted to reflect local food availability and individual's needs, constitute a beneficial nutritional choice for the primary prevention of diabetes.
Diet Quality and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Postmenopausal Women With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: The Women's Health Initiative.; Background Dietary patterns are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in the general population, but diet-CVD association in populations with diabetes mellitus is limited. Our objective was to examine the association between diet quality and CVD risk in a population with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Methods and Results We analyzed prospective data from 5809 women with prevalent type 2 diabetes mellitus at baseline from the Women's Health Initiative. Diet quality was defined using alternate Mediterranean, Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension, Paleolithic, and American Diabetes Association dietary pattern scores calculated from a validated food frequency questionnaire. Multivariable Cox's proportional hazard regression was used to analyze the risk of incident CVD. During mean 12.4 years of follow-up, 1454 (25%) incident CVD cases were documented. Women with higher alternate Mediterranean, Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension, and American Diabetes Association dietary pattern scores had a lower risk of CVD compared with women with lower scores (Q5 v Q1) (hazard ratio [HR](aMed) 0.77, 95% CI 0.65-0.93; HR(DASH) 0.69, 95% CI 0.58-0.83; HR(ADA) 0.71, 95% CI 0.59-0.86). No association was observed between the Paleolithic score and CVD risk. Conclusions Dietary patterns that emphasize higher intake of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts/seeds, legumes, a high unsaturated:saturated fat ratio, and lower intake of red and processed meats, added sugars, and sodium are associated with lower CVD risk in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes mellitus. FAU - Hirahatake, Kristin M
Obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes in developing countries: role of dietary fats and oils.; Developing countries are undergoing rapid nutrition transition concurrent with increases in obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). From a healthy traditional high-fiber, low-fat, low-calorie diet, a shift is occurring toward increasing consumption of calorie-dense foods containing refined carbohydrates, fats, red meats, and low fiber. Data show an increase in the supply of animal fats and increased intake of saturated fatty acid (SFAs) (obtained from coconut oil, palm oil, and ghee [clarified butter]) in many developing countries, particularly in South Asia and South-East Asia. In some South Asian populations, particularly among vegetarians, intake of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) (obtained from flaxseed, mustard, and canola oils) and long-chain (LC) n-3 PUFAs (obtained from fish and fish oils) is low. Further, the effect of supplementation of n-3 PUFAs on metabolic risk factors and insulin resistance, except for demonstrated benefit in terms of decreased triglycerides, needs further investigation among South Asians. Data also show that intake of monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) ranged from 4.7% to 16.4%en in developing countries, and supplementing it from olive, canola, mustard, groundnut, and rice bran oils may reduce metabolic risk. In addition, in some developing countries, intake of n-6 PUFAs (obtained from sunflower, safflower, corn, soybean, and sesame oils) and trans-fatty acids (TFAs) is increasing. These data show imbalanced consumption of fats and oils in developing countries, which may have potentially deleterious metabolic and glycemic consequences, although more research is needed. In view of the rapid rise of T2DM in developing countries, more aggressive public health awareness programs coupled with governmental action and clear country-specific guidelines are required, so as to promote widespread use of healthy oils, thus curbing intake of SFAs and TFAs, and increasing intake of n-3 PUFAs and MUFAs. Such actions would contribute to decelerating further escalation of "epidemics" of obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and T2DM in developing countries. FAU - Misra, Anoop
A systematic review on the relations between pasta consumption and cardio-metabolic risk factors.; AIMS: The traditional Italian dish pasta is a major food source of starch with low glycemic index (GI) and an important low-GI component of the Mediterranean diet. This systematic review aimed at assessing comprehensively and in-depth the potential benefit of pasta on cardio-metabolic disease risk factors. DATA SYNTHESIS: Following a standard protocol, we conducted a systematic literature search of PubMed, CINAHL, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for prospective cohort studies and randomized controlled dietary intervention trials that examined pasta and pasta-related fiber and grain intake in relation to cardio-metabolic risk factors of interest. Studies comparing postprandial glucose response to pasta with that to bread or potato were quantitatively summarized using meta-analysis of standardized mean difference. Evidence from studies with pasta as part of low-GI dietary intervention and studies investigating different types of pasta were qualitatively summarized. CONCLUSIONS: Pasta meals have significantly lower postprandial glucose response than bread or potato meals, but evidence was lacking in terms of how the intake of pasta can influence cardio-metabolic disease risk. More long-term randomized controlled trials are needed where investigators directly contrast the cardio-metabolic effects of pasta and bread or potato. Long-term prospective cohort studies with required data available should also be analyzed regarding the effect of pasta intake on disease endpoints.
Controversies surrounding the clinical potential of cinnamon for the management of diabetes.; Obesity levels have increased significantly in the past five decades and are predicted to continue rising, resulting in important health implications. In particular, this has translated to an increase in the occurrence of type II diabetes mellitus (T2D). To alleviate associated problems, certain nutraceuticals have been considered as potential adjuncts or alternatives to conventional prescription drugs. Cinnamon, a commonly consumed spice originating from South East Asia, is currently being investigated as a potential preventative supplement and treatment for insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and T2D. Extensive in vitro evidence has shown that cinnamon may improve insulin resistance by preventing and reversing impairments in insulin signalling in skeletal muscle. In adipose tissue, it has been shown that cinnamon increases the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors including, PPARγ. This is comparable to the action of commonly used thiazolinediones, which are PPAR agonists. Studies have also shown that cinnamon has potent anti-inflammatory properties. However, numerous human clinical trials with cinnamon have been conducted with varying findings. While some studies have showed no beneficial effect, others have indicated improvements in cholesterol levels, systolic blood pressure, insulin sensitivity and postprandial glucose levels with cinnamon. However, the only measurement consistently improved by cinnamon consumption is fasting glucose levels. While it is still premature to suggest the use of cinnamon supplementation based on the evidence, further investigation into mechanisms of action is warranted. Apart from further characterization of genetic and epigenetic changes in model systems, systematic large-scale clinical trials are required. In this study, we discuss the mechanisms of action of cinnamon in the context of T2D and we highlight some of the associated controversies.
Sexual Dimorphism in Cardiovascular Disease Risk and Risk Factors Among Vegetarians: an Exploration of the Potential Mechanisms.; PURPOSE OF THE REVIEW: The goal of this review is to explore the potential mechanisms behind the observed phenomenon of sexual dimorphism in cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among vegetarians. To date, research has primarily focused on the association between vegetarian diets and CVD risk factors and events. However, few publications have explored gender differences in the point estimates of risk of CVD in vegetarians. Current data suggest that following a vegetarian diet is associated with a larger CVD risk reduction in males. RECENT FINDINGS: Although not a completely novel observation, recent systematic reviews have reported sexual dimorphism in CVD outcomes among vegetarians. Data regarding other conditions of which metabolic dysfunction is a fundamental component, such as metabolic syndrome and diabetes, provide insight into potential mechanisms that may explain differences in CVD risk among male and female vegetarians. Evidence from observational studies suggests that a vegetarian diet is cardioprotective for both men and women. Differences in the point estimates of relative risk of major CVD outcomes for both genders when compared with their respective omnivorous counterparts raise the question of whether or not the benefits may be attenuated in women and whether this difference may be due to a combination of several behavioral and biological factors. Differences in dietary intake patterns and hormonal shifts which affect inflammation, body fat distribution, and metabolic syndrome risk have adverse effects on women as they age. Clinical trials comparing CVD outcomes in men and women who follow a vegetarian diet are needed to confirm the observed dimorphism in cohort studies and to elucidate the potential mechanisms that may explain this phenomenon. Currently, studies assessing the impact of other cardioprotective dietary interventions, such as the Mediterranean diet, indicate that there may be a physiological basis for the divergent outcomes of men and women who are given the same dietary intervention. Further research investigating the dietary habits of males and females, as well as other potential confounding lifestyle factors, is needed. FAU - Adams, Michelle
Physiologic and weight-focused treatment strategies for managing type 2 diabetes mellitus: the metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, and insulin (MGI) approach.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is rising in association with an increase in obesity rates. Current treatment options for patients with T2DM include lifestyle modifications and numerous antidiabetic medications. Despite the availability of effective and well-tolerated treatments, many patients do not achieve recommended glycemic targets. Lack of efficacy is complicated by the wide range of available agents and little specificity in treatment guidelines, thus challenging clinicians to understand the relative benefits and risks of individual options for each patient. In this article, lifestyle intervention strategies and current antidiabetic agents are evaluated for their efficacy, safety, and weight-loss potential. Because of the heterogeneous and progressive nature of T2DM, physicians should advocate approaches that emphasize weight management, limit the risk of hypoglycemia and adverse events, and focus on the core pathophysiologic defects in patients with T2DM. A healthy, plant-based diet that is low in saturated fat and refined carbohydrates but high in whole grains, vegetables, legumes, and fruits, coupled with resistance and aerobic exercise regimens, are recommended for patients with T2DM. When necessary, drug intervention, described in this article as the MGI (metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, and insulin) approach, should begin with metformin and progress to the early addition of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists because of their weight loss potential and ability to target multiple pathophysiologic defects in patients with T2DM. For most patients, treatments that induce weight gain and hypoglycemia should be avoided. Long-acting insulin should be initiated if glycemic control is not achieved with metformin and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist combination therapy, focusing on long-acting insulin analogs that induce the least weight gain and have the lowest hypoglycemic risk. Ultimately, a patient-centered treatment approach that addresses the core pathologies of T2DM and obesity will not only increase overall efficacy and the likelihood that a patient adheres to treatment, but may also improve a patient's mental well-being and quality of life. FAU - Nadeau, Daniel A
[Risks and advantages of the vegetarian diet].; The authors summarize the health risks and advantages of alternative nutrition-lactovegetarian, lactoovovegetarian and vegan. These dietary patterns involve risk in particular during pregnancy, lactation and for the growing organism. Veganism excluding all foods of animal origin involves the greatest risk. General nutritional principles for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases, oncological diseases and diabetes are fully met by the vegetarian diet. Vegetarians and vegans have low risk factors of atherosclerosis and conversely higher levels of antisclerotic substances. Overthreshold values of essential antioxidants in vegetarians imply a protective action against reactive metabolic oxygen products and toxic products of lipid peroxidation and may reduce the incidence of free radical diseases. The authors also draw attention to some still open problems of vegetarianism (higher n-3 fatty acids, taurine, carnitine). In the conclusion semivegetarianism is evaluated. FAU - Krajcovicová-Kudlácková, M
Natural Products Derived from the Mediterranean Diet with Antidiabetic Activity: from Insulin Mimetic Hypoglycemic to Nutriepigenetic Modulator Compounds.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet is a healthy eating pattern that protects against the development of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), a metabolic disease characterized by elevated blood sugar levels due to pancreatic beta-cell functional impairment and insulin resistance in various tissues. Inspired by the ancient communities, this diet emphasizes eating primarily plant-based foods, including vegetables, legumes, fruits, cereals, and nuts. Importantly, virgin olive oil is used as the principal source of fat. Red meat is consumed in low amounts while wine and fish are consumed moderately. OBJECTIVE: Here, we review the most beneficial components of the Mediterranean Diet and tentative mechanisms of action for prevention and/or management of T2DM, based on research conducted within the last decade. METHODS: The references over the last five years have been reviewed and they have been selected properly according to inclusion/ exclusion criteria. RESULTS: Several bioactive diet components were evaluated to prevent inflammation and cytokine-induced oxidative damage, reduce glucose concentration, carbohydrate absorption and increase insulin sensitivity and related gene expression. CONCLUSION: The adherence to a healthy lifestyle, including diet, exercise and habits remains the best approach for the prevention of diabetes as well as frequent check-ups and education. Though diabetes has a strong genetic component, in recent years many reports strongly point to the critical role of lifestyle specific epigenetic modifications in the development of T2DM. It remains to be established how different components of the Mediterranean Diet interact and influence the epigenetic landscape to prevent or treat the disease.
Glycemic index of local foods and diets: the Mediterranean experience.; The Mediterranean diet is a healthful eating pattern associated with the prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD). Its main features are moderate intake of total fat (predominantly monounsaturated fat), low consumption of saturated fat and cholesterol-rich foods, and high intake of starch. Although this type of diet has beneficial effects on lipid metabolism, its high carbohydrate content might not be ideal for patients with diabetes or other conditions associated with insulin resistance (e.g., metabolic syndrome), who are known to be at particular risk of CHD. We therefore evaluated the glycemic response to starchy foods based on wheat (typical of the Italian diet) in patients with type 2 diabetes and identified certain characteristics of foods explaining their effects on postprandial glucose response. We found that spaghetti and potato dumplings, because of their low blood glucose response, represent a valid alternative to other starchy foods typical of the Mediterranean diet. Food structure plays an important role in determining the accessibility of starch to digestion, thus influencing the postprandial blood glucose response, which modulates plasma insulin and lipid levels. FAU - Riccardi, Gabriele
Effect of wine on carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes: a 2-year randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The progression of carotid-plaque volume in patients with type 2 diabetes is common. Previous observational studies showed an association between moderate alcohol and reduced risk of coronary disease. We examined whether consuming moderate wine affects the progression of carotid atherosclerosis. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In the CASCADE (CArdiovaSCulAr Diabetes and Ethanol), a 2-year randomized controlled trial, we randomized abstainers with type 2 diabetes were to drink 150 ml of either red wine, white wine, or water, provided for 2 years. In addition, groups were guided to maintain a Mediterranean diet. We followed 2-year changes in carotid total plaque volume (carotid-TPV) and carotid vessel wall volume (carotid-VWV), using three-dimensional ultrasound. RESULTS: Carotid images were available from 174 of the 224 CASCADE participants (67% men; age = 59 yr; HbA1C = 6.8%). Forty-five percent had detectable plaque at baseline. After 2 years, no significant progression in carotid-TPV was observed (water, -1.4 (17.0) mm(3), CI (-2.7, 5.5), white-wine, -1.2 (16.9) mm(3), CI (-3.8, 6.2), red wine, -1.3 (17.6) mm(3), CI (-3.4, 6.0; p = 0.9 between groups)). In post hoc analysis, we divided the 78 participants with detectable baseline carotid plaque into tertiles. Those with the higher baseline plaque burden, whom were assigned to drink wine, reduced their plaque volume significantly after 2 years, as compared to baseline. Two-year reductions in Apo(B)/Apo(A) ratio(s) were independently associated with regression in carotid-TPV (β = 0.4; p < 0.001). Two-year decreases in systolic blood pressure were independently associated with regression in carotid-VWV (β = 0.2; p = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: No progression in carotid-TPV was observed. In subgroup analyses, those with the greatest plaque burden assigned to drink wine may have had a small regression of plaque burden. FAU - Golan, Rachel
A worksite vegan nutrition program is well-accepted and improves health-related quality of life and work productivity.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Vegetarian and vegan diets are effective in preventing and treating several chronic diseases. However, their acceptability outside a clinical trial setting has not been extensively studied. The aim of this study was to determine the acceptability of a worksite vegan nutrition program and its effects on health-related quality of life and work productivity. METHODS: Employees of a major insurance corporation with a body mass index > or =25 kg/m(2) and/or a previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes received either weekly group instruction on a low-fat vegan diet (n = 68) or received no diet instruction (n = 45) for 22 weeks. RESULTS: The vegan group reported improvements in general health (p = 0.002), physical functioning (p = 0.001), mental health (p = 0.03), vitality (p = 0.004), and overall diet satisfaction (p < 0.001) compared with the control group. The vegan group also reported a decrease in food costs (p = 0.003), and increased difficulty finding foods when eating out (p = 0.04) compared with the control group. The vegan group reported a 40-46% decrease in health-related productivity impairments at work (p = 0.03) and in regular daily activities (p = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS: A worksite vegan nutrition program is well-accepted and can be implemented by employers to improve the health, quality of life, and work productivity of employees. FAU - Katcher, Heather I
Dysfunctional eating in type 2 diabetes mellitus: A multicenter Italian study of socio-demographic and clinical associations.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Dysfunctional eating might impact on the management and metabolic control of type 2 diabetes (T2DM), modifying adherence to healthy diet and food choices. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a multicenter study, we assessed the prevalence of dysfunctional eating in 895 adult outpatients with T2DM (51% males, median age 67, median BMI 30.3 kg/m(2)). Socio-demographic and clinical characteristics were recorded; dysfunctional eating was tested by validated questionnaires (Eating Attitude Test-EAT-26, Binge Eating Scale-BES; Night Eating Questionnaire-NEQ); food intake and adherence to Mediterranean diet were also measured (in-house developed questionnaire and Mediterranean Diet Score-MDS). Obesity was present in 52% of cases (10% obesity class III), with higher rates in women; 22% had HbA1c ≥ 8%. The EAT-26 was positive in 19.6% of women vs. 10.2% of men; BES scores outside the normal range were recorded in 9.4% of women and 4.4% of men, with 3.0% and 1.5% suggestive of binge eating disorder, respectively. Night eating (NEQ) was only present in 3.2% of women and 0.4% of men. Critical EAT and BES values were associated with higher BMI, and all NEQ + ve cases, but one, were clustered among BES + ve individuals. Calorie intake increased with BES, NEQ, and BMI, and decreased with age and with higher adherence to Mediterranean diet. In multivariable logistic regression analysis, female sex, and younger age were associated with increase risk of dysfunctional eating. CONCLUSION: Dysfunctional eating is present across the whole spectrum of T2DM and significantly impacts on adherence to dietary restriction and food choices.
Plasma metabolites predict both insulin resistance and incident type 2 diabetes: a metabolomics approach within the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study.; BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance is a complex metabolic disorder and is often associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D). OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to test whether baseline metabolites can additionally improve the prediction of insulin resistance beyond classical risk factors. Furthermore, we examined whether a multimetabolite model predicting insulin resistance in nondiabetics can also predict incident T2D. METHODS: We used a case-cohort study nested within the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) trial in subsets of 700, 500, and 256 participants without T2D at baseline and 1 and 3 y. Fasting plasma metabolites were semiquantitatively profiled with liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. We assessed associations between metabolite concentrations and the homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) through the use of elastic net regression analysis. We subsequently examined associations between the baseline HOMA-IR-related multimetabolite model and T2D incidence through the use of weighted Cox proportional hazard models. RESULTS: We identified a set of baseline metabolites associated with HOMA-IR. One-year changes in metabolites were also significantly associated with HOMA-IR. The area under the curve was significantly greater for the model containing the classical risk factors and metabolites together compared with classical risk factors alone at baseline [0.81 (95% CI: 0.79, 0.84) compared with 0.69 (95% CI: 0.66, 0.73)] and during a 1-y period [0.69 (95% CI: 0.66, 0.72) compared with 0.57 (95% CI: 0.53, 0.62)]. The variance in HOMA-IR explained by the combination of metabolites and classical risk factors was also higher in all time periods. The estimated HRs for incident T2D in the multimetabolite score (model 3) predicting high HOMA-IR (median value or higher) or HOMA-IR (continuous) at baseline were 2.00 (95% CI: 1.58, 2.55) and 2.24 (95% CI: 1.72, 2.90), respectively, after adjustment for T2D risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The multimetabolite model identified in our study notably improved the predictive ability for HOMA-IR beyond classical risk factors and significantly predicted the risk of T2D.
Sarcopoterium spinosum extract improved insulin sensitivity in mice models of glucose intolerance and diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The glucose lowering properties of Sarcopoterium spinosum, a traditional medicinal plant, were previously validated by us using KK-Ay mice as a genetic model for type 2 diabetes (T2D). OBJECTIVE: To clarify the effects of Sarcopoterium spinosum extract (SSE) on diet-induced glucose intolerance and to investigate SSE effects on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism in target tissues of both high-fat-diet (HFD)-fed and KK-Ay mice. RESULTS: Mice were given SSE (70 mg/day) for 6 weeks. SSE improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in HFD-fed mice as was demonstrated previously in KK-Ay mice. Higher insulin sensitivity was validated by lower serum insulin and activation of the insulin signaling cascade in skeletal muscle and liver of SSE-treated mice in both models. H&E staining of the livers demonstrated lower severity of steatosis in SSE-treated mice. Several model-specific effects of SSE were observed-mRNA expression of proinflammatory genes and CD36 was reduced in SSE-treated KK-Ay mice. Hepatic mRNA expression of PEPCK was also reduced in SSE-treated KK-Ay mice, while other genes involved in carbohydrates and lipid metabolism were not affected. HFD-fed mice treated by SSE had elevated hepatic glycogen stores. Gluconeogenic gene expression was not affected, while GCK expression was increased. HFD-induced hepatic steatosis was not affected by SSE. However, while genes involved in lipid metabolism were downregulated by HFD, this was not found in HFD-fed mice given SSE, demonstrating an expression profile which is similar to that of standard diet-fed mice. CONCLUSION: Our study supports the insulin sensitizing activity of SSE and suggests that this extract might improve other manifestations of the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Rozenberg, Konstantin
Experimental Outcomes of the Mediterranean Diet: Lessons Learned from the Predimed Randomized Controlled Trial. LID - 10.3390/nu11122991 [doi] LID - 2991; The Mediterranean Diet (MD) is, culturally and historically, the nutritional pattern shared by people living in the olive-tree growing areas of the Mediterranean basin. It is of great importance for its potential preventive effect against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). The PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study, a Spanish multicentre randomised controlled trial (RCT), was designed to assess the long-term effects of the MD, without any energy restriction, on the incidence of CVD in individuals at high cardiovascular (CV) risk. Since its inception, it gave a great contribution to the available literature on the issue. It is well known that, in the field of the health sciences, RCTs provide the best scientific evidence. Thus, the aim of the present review is to analyse the results of the RCTs performed within the frame of the PREDIMED study. Our findings showed that MD has beneficial effects in the primary prevention of CVDs, diabetes and in the management of metabolic syndrome. FAU - Kargin, Dicle
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and HbA1c level.; RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVE: The Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) has beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors. We analyzed the association between adherence of a MeDiet in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and levels of HbA1c. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study in individuals with T2DM participating in the PREDIMED trial at the centre of Pamplona. Information on diet was collected with a validated 14 point scale of adherence to the MeDiet and blood samples were obtained to assess HbA1c levels. RESULTS: We studied 383 participants with T2DM, 53.4% women (mean age 69 ± 6 years). HbA1c data were available in 262 cases (mean 6.9 ± 1.5%). Although there was a potential inverse non-significant association between adherence to MeDiet and HbA1c levels after adjusting for age and sex, it was not statistically significant. Multivariate analysis additionally adjusted for physical activity, smoking, time of evolution of the T2DM, body mass index and insulin treatment found similar findings (OR = 0.69, 95% CI 0.17-2.83). CONCLUSIONS: Although we found not enough evidence to support that a MeDiet is associated with lower levels of HbA1c in patients with T2DM, our results suggested an inverse trend. Future studies with larger sample size are necessary.
The Mediterranean Diet and 2-Year Change in Cognitive Function by Status of Type 2 Diabetes and Glycemic Control.; OBJECTIVE: To determine associations of a Mediterranean diet score (MeDS) with 2-year change in cognitive function by type 2 diabetes and glycemic control status and contrast it against other diet quality scores. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used data from the longitudinal Boston Puerto Rican Health Study (n = 913; 42.6% with type 2 diabetes at 2 years). Glycemic control at baseline was categorized as uncontrolled (hemoglobin A(1c) ≥7% [53 mmol/mol]) versus controlled. Two-year change in glycemic control was defined as stable/improved versus poor/declined. We defined MeDS, Healthy Eating Index, Alternate Healthy Eating Index, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension scores. Adjusted mixed linear models assessed 2-year change in global cognitive function z score, executive and memory function, and nine individual cognitive tests. RESULTS: Higher MeDS, but no other diet quality score, was associated with higher 2-year change in global cognitive function in adults with type 2 diabetes (β ± SE = 0.027 ± 0.011; P = 0.016) but not in those without (P = 0.80). Similar results were noted for Mini-Mental State Examination, word recognition, digit span, and clock drawing tests. Results remained consistent for individuals under glycemic control at baseline (0.062 ± 0.020; P = 0.004) and stable/improved over 2 years (0.053 ± 0.019; P = 0.007), but not for individuals with uncontrolled or poor/declined glycemic control. All diet quality scores were associated with higher 2-year memory function in adults without type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Both adhering to a Mediterranean diet and effectively managing type 2 diabetes may support optimal cognitive function. Healthy diets, in general, can help improve memory function among adults without type 2 diabetes.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and sexual function in women with type 2 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: There are no reported studies assessing the relation between diet and sexual function in women with diabetes. AIM: In the present study, we explored the relation between consumption of a Mediterranean-type diet and sexual function in a population of type 2 diabetic women. METHODS: Patients with type 2 diabetes were enrolled if they had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes for at least six months but less than 10 years, age 35-70 years, body mass index (BMI) of 24 or higher, HbA1c of 6.5% or higher, treatment with diet or oral drugs. All diabetic patients were invited to complete a food-frequency questionnaire and self-report measures of sexual function. A total of 595 (90.2%) of the 659 women completed both questionnaires and were analyzed in the present study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet was assessed by a 9-point scale that incorporated the salient characteristics of this diet (range of scores, 0-9, with higher scores indicating greater adherence). The Female Sexual Function Index (FSFI) was used for assessing the key dimensions of female sexual function. RESULTS: Diabetic women with the highest scores (6-9) had lower BMI, waist circumference, and waist-to-hip ratio, a lower prevalence of depression, obesity and metabolic syndrome, a higher level of physical activity, and better glucose and lipid profiles than the diabetic women who scored <3 points on the scale. The proportion of sexually active women showed a significant increase across tertiles of adherence to Mediterranean diet (from 54.2% to 65.1%, P = 0.01). Based on the FSFI cutoff score for female sexual dysfunction (FSD) of 23, women with the highest score of adherence had a lower prevalence of sexual dysfunction as compared with women of lower tertiles (47.6%, 53.9%, and 57.8%, higher, middle, and lower tertile, respectively, P = 0.01). These associations remained significant after adjustment for many potential confounders. CONCLUSIONS: In women with type 2 diabetes, greater adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with a lower prevalence of FSD. FAU - Giugliano, Francesco
Effects of low carbohydrate diets on weight and glycemic control among type 2 diabetes individuals: a systemic review of RCT greater than 12 weeks.; INTRODUCTION: Low carbohydrate diets (LCD) have shown beneficial effects on short-term weight reduction programs for obese individuals without diabetes, but the long-term evidence of efficacy on individuals with type 2 diabetes is not conclusive. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate, the effectiveness of 12 or more weeks of LCD compared to Low Fat Diet (LFD), Usual Care Diet (UCD) or Low Glycemic Index Diet (LGID) on weight reduction and AIC on type 2 diabetes individuals. METHODS: A systematic review was conducted on randomized trials registered in PubMed, Cochrane and EBSCOhost from January 1st 2000 to January 1st 2010 including those with an intervention program with LCD in type 2 diabetes subjects and a follow-up ≥ 12 weeks. Available data on study design; carbohydrate composition of diet; duration of diet; and the outcomes of weight, lipid levels (total, low density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides), hemoglobin A1C percent and/or fasting glucose were extracted. RESULTS: Five studies showed greater weight reduction with LCD, of which four demonstrated no significant difference. The longest trial intervention studies did not show a difference in weight change. Only two studies showed greater reduction of A1C with LCD, including the longest intervention trial with a low carbohydrate Mediterranean diet. CONCLUSIONS: This review shows that there are no consistent differences in weight and A1C changes over the long-term treatment with LCD and LFD, UCD or LGID. FAU - Castañeda-González, L M
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and erectile dysfunction in men with type 2 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: There are no reported studies assessing the relation between diet and erectile dysfunction (ED) in men with diabetes. AIM: In the present study, we explored the relation between consumption of a Mediterranean-type diet and ED in a population of type 2 diabetic men. METHODS: Patients with type 2 diabetes were enrolled if they had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes for at least six months but less than 10 years, age 35-70 years, body mass index (BMI) of 24 or higher, HbA1c of 6.5% or higher, treatment with diet or oral drugs. All diabetic patients were invited to complete a food-frequency questionnaire and self-report measures of sexual function. A total of 555 (90.8%) of the 611 diabetic men completed both questionnaires and were analyzed in the present study. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet was assessed by a 9-point scale that incorporated the salient characteristics of this diet (range of scores, 0-9, with higher scores indicating greater adherence). ED was assessed with the International Index of Erectile Function-5. RESULTS: Diabetic men with the highest scores (6-9) had lower BMI, waist circumference, and waist-to-hip ratio, a lower prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome, a higher level of physical activity, and better glucose and lipid profiles than the diabetic men who scored <3 points on the scale. The proportion of sexually active men showed a significant increase across tertiles of adherence to Mediterranean diet (from 65.1% to 74.4%, P = 0.01). Moreover, men with the highest score of adherence were more likely to have a lower prevalence of global ED (51.9% vs. 62%, P = 0.01) and severe ED (16.5% vs. 26.4%, P = 0.01) as compared with low adherers. CONCLUSIONS: In men with type 2 diabetes, greater adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with a lower prevalence of ED. FAU - Giugliano, Francesco
Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study: the InterAct project.; OBJECTIVE: To study the association between adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP) and risk of developing type 2 diabetes, across European countries. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We established a case-cohort study including 11,994 incident type 2 diabetic case subjects and a stratified subcohort of 15,798 participants selected from a total cohort of 340,234 participants with 3.99 million person-years of follow-up, from eight European cohorts participating in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study. The relative Mediterranean diet score (rMED) (score range 0-18) was used to assess adherence to MDP on the basis of reported consumption of nine dietary components characteristic of the Mediterranean diet. Cox proportional hazards regression, modified for the case-cohort design, was used to estimate the association between rMED and risk of type 2 diabetes, adjusting for confounders. RESULTS: The multiple adjusted hazard ratios of type 2 diabetes among individuals with medium (rMED 7-10 points) and high adherence to MDP (rMED 11-18 points) were 0.93 (95% CI 0.86-1.01) and 0.88 (0.79-0.97), respectively, compared with individuals with low adherence to MDP (0-6 points) (P for trend 0.013). The association between rMED and type 2 diabetes was attenuated in people <50 years of age, in obese participants, and when the alcohol, meat, and olive oil components were excluded from the score. CONCLUSIONS: In this large prospective study, adherence to the MDP, as defined by rMED, was associated with a small reduction in the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in this European population.
Dietary fats and mortality among patients with type 2 diabetes: analysis in two population based cohort studies.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of dietary fatty acids with cardiovascular disease mortality and total mortality among patients with type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: Prospective, longitudinal cohort study. SETTING: Health professionals in the United States. PARTICIPANTS: 11 264 participants with type 2 diabetes in the Nurses' Health Study (1980-2014) and Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (1986-2014). EXPOSURES: Dietary fat intake assessed using validated food frequency questionnaires and updated every two to four years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Total and cardiovascular disease mortality during follow-up. RESULTS: During follow-up, 2502 deaths including 646 deaths due to cardiovascular disease were documented. After multivariate adjustment, intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) was associated with a lower cardiovascular disease mortality, compared with total carbohydrates: hazard ratios comparing the highest with the lowest quarter were 0.76 (95% confidence interval 0.58 to 0.99; P for trend=0.03) for total PUFAs, 0.69 (0.52 to 0.90; P=0.007) for marine n-3 PUFAs, 1.13 (0.85 to 1.51) for α-linolenic acid, and 0.75 (0.56 to 1.01) for linoleic acid. Inverse associations with total mortality were also observed for intakes of total PUFAs, n-3 PUFAs, and linoleic acid, whereas monounsaturated fatty acids of animal, but not plant, origin were associated with a higher total mortality. In models that examined the theoretical effects of substituting PUFAs for other fats, isocalorically replacing 2% of energy from saturated fatty acids with total PUFAs or linoleic acid was associated with 13% (hazard ratio 0.87, 0.77 to 0.99) or 15% (0.85, 0.73 to 0.99) lower cardiovascular disease mortality, respectively. A 2% replacement of energy from saturated fatty acids with total PUFAs was associated with 12% (hazard ratio 0.88, 0.83 to 0.94) lower total mortality. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with type 2 diabetes, higher intake of PUFAs, in comparison with carbohydrates or saturated fatty acids, is associated with lower total mortality and cardiovascular disease mortality. These findings highlight the important role of quality of dietary fat in the prevention of cardiovascular disease and total mortality among adults with type 2 diabetes.
Protein intake and the incidence of pre-diabetes and diabetes in 4 population-based studies: the PREVIEW project.; BACKGROUND: Data on the relationship between protein intake and the risk of type 2 diabetes are conflicting. OBJECTIVE: We studied prospective associations between the intake of total, plant-based, and animal protein and the risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes in 4 population-based studies included in the PREVIEW project. METHODS: Analyses were conducted with the use of data from 3 European cohorts and 1 Canadian cohort, including 78,851 participants. Protein intake was assessed through the use of harmonized data from food-frequency questionnaires or 3-d dietary records. Cohort-specific incidence ratios (IRs) were estimated for pre-diabetes and diabetes, adjusting for general characteristics, lifestyle and dietary factors, disease history, and body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference; results were pooled based on a random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: Higher total protein intake (g · kg-1 · d-1) was associated with lower incidences of pre-diabetes and diabetes (pooled IRs: 0.84; 95% CI: 0.82, 0.87 and 0.49; 95% CI: 0.28, 0.83, respectively); plant-based protein intake was the main determinant (pooled IRs: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.86 and 0.53; 95% CI: 0.36, 0.76, respectively). Substituting 2 energy percentage (E%) protein at the expense of carbohydrates revealed increased risks of pre-diabetes and diabetes (pooled IRs: 1.04; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.07 and 1.09; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.18, respectively). Except for the associations between intakes of total protein and plant-based protein (g · kg-1 · d-1) and diabetes, all other associations became nonsignificant after adjustment for BMI and waist circumference. CONCLUSIONS: Higher protein intake (g · kg-1 · d-1) was associated with a lower risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes. Associations were substantially attenuated after adjustments for BMI and waist circumference, which demonstrates a crucial role for adiposity and may account for previous conflicting findings. This study was registered at ISRCTN as ISRCTN31174892.
The antioxidant potential of the Mediterranean diet in patients at high cardiovascular risk: an in-depth review of the PREDIMED.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading global cause of death. Diet is known to be important in the prevention of CVD. The PREDIMED trial tested a relatively low-fat diet versus a high-fat Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) for the primary prevention of CVD. The resulting reduction of the CV composite outcome resulted in a paradigm shift in CV nutrition. Though many dietary factors likely contributed to this effect, this review focuses on the influence of the MedDiet on endogenous antioxidant systems and the effect of dietary polyphenols. Subgroup analysis of the PREDIMED trial revealed increased endogenous antioxidant and decreased pro-oxidant activity in the MedDiet groups. Moreover, higher polyphenol intake was associated with lower incidence of the primary outcome, overall mortality, blood pressure, inflammatory biomarkers, onset of new-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and obesity. This suggests that polyphenols likely contributed to the lower incidence of the primary event in the MedDiet groups. In this article, we summarize the potential benefits of polyphenols found in the MedDiet, specifically the PREDIMED cohort. We also discuss the need for further research to confirm and expand the findings of the PREDIMED in a non-Mediterranean population and to determine the exact mechanisms of action of polyphenols. FAU - Billingsley, Hayley E
Management of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus by Traditional Medicine Practitioners in Kenya--Key Informant Interviews.; INTRODUCTION: Worldwide, plant based medicines are increasing in popularity due to perceptions of safety and efficacy. Herbalists in Kenya are widely consulted for the management of many diseases including Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). This study investigated the level of knowledge of the herbalists in management of T2DM. METHODS: Purposive sampling was used to identify 4 herbalists working in the urban areas who actively manage T2DM. Key informant interviews were used to gather data about the management of T2DM. It was analyzed using a content thematic approach. RESULTS: Diverse management methods which included both pharmacological and non- pharmacological were noted. Glycemic control was assessed with the help of a glucometer. In addition, presenting signs and symptoms were key in diagnosing T2DM. The herbalists used various herbs, minerals and animals as medicinal sources. The drugs were dispensed as decoctions with excipients being added appropriately. Adverse effects were recorded. The herbalists acknowledged that patients use both herbal and allopathic medicine together. A level of record keeping was observed but patient follow-up was poor. The cost of the herbal drugs was perceived to be excessive. CONCLUSION: Some similarities exist in the management of T2DM between allopathic and traditional medicine practitioners. Training of herbalists is required to improve the quality of care given to patients. FAU - Chege, Irene Njeri
Low consumption of fruit and vegetables and risk of chronic disease: a review of the epidemiological evidence and temporal trends among Spanish graduates.; OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence on the association between fruit and vegetable (F&V) consumption and risk of chronic disease, and to assess trends in the prevalence of low F&V consumption. DESIGN: Systematic review and cross-sectional analyses of a Mediterranean cohort. SETTING: The Seguimiento University of Navarra (SUN) project (Spanish dynamic cohort of graduates). SUBJECTS: A systematic review of prospective studies aimed to assess the relationship between fruit and/or vegetables consumption and chronic disease incidence was conducted. We also assessed 18 457 university graduates (59·4 % women; mean age = 39 (sd 12) years) enrolled in a dynamic cohort with permanently open recruitment. Baseline data were collected between 1999 and 2010 using a validated 136-item FFQ. Four definitions for low F&V consumption were used (<400 g/d, <200 g/4184 kJ (1000 kcal) per d, ≤2 servings/d and ≤1 serving/d). Multivariate-adjusted cross-sectional associations between the prevalence of low F&V consumption and the year of recruitment were estimated. RESULTS: The systematic review found that a high F&V consumption is inversely associated with CVD incidence and mortality. This association is not so clear for cancer. Inconsistent findings have been reported for diabetes. In all, 13 % of participants in the SUN cohort did not meet the goal of consuming at least 400 g/d of F&V and 2·1 % of them did not reach >1 serving/d. Between 1999 and 2010 the consumption of F&V significantly increased. CONCLUSIONS: Even among health-conscious university graduates, low F&V consumption is fairly prevalent. Although the temporal trends suggest an improvement, preventive strategies addressed to increase F&V consumption are needed. FAU - Martínez-González, Miguel Á
Plant-based diets for children as a means of improving adult cardiometabolic health.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the largest contributor to global mortality, and this trend is expected to continue. Although mortality rates have been falling, adverse developments in obesity and diabetes threaten to reverse this. It has been estimated that the only viable strategy to reduce the epidemic is to focus on population-wide risk factor reduction. Primordial prevention, a strategy aimed at avoiding the development of risk factors before the disease onset, has been shown to reduce the CVD epidemic substantially. Plant-based diets appear beneficial for prevention of cardiometabolic diseases, with adult vegetarians and vegans having lower CVD risk than omnivores. Atherosclerosis starts in childhood and progresses in relation to classical CVD risk factors, which, along with dietary habits, track to adulthood. Based on this evidence, it is proposed that plant-based diets in childhood could promote cardiometabolic health in adults and thereby reduce CVD and promote longevity and health. However, the need for additional research to establish the safety of predominantly or exclusively plant-based diets in children is noted. FAU - Desmond, Malgorzata A
Mediterranean Diet, Retinopathy, Nephropathy, and Microvascular Diabetes Complications: A Post Hoc Analysis of a Randomized Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To date no clinical trials have evaluated the role of dietary patterns on the incidence of microvascular diabetes complications. We hypothesized that a nutritional intervention based on the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) would have greater protective effect on diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy than a low-fat control diet. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a post hoc analysis of a cohort of patients with type 2 diabetes participating in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study, a multicenter randomized nutritional intervention trial conducted in a population at high cardiovascular risk. Individuals with type 2 diabetes who were free of microvascular complications at enrollment (n = 3,614, aged 55-80 years) were randomly assigned to one of three dietary interventions: MedDiet supplemented with extravirgin olive oil (MedDiet+EVOO), MedDiet supplemented with mixed nuts (MedDiet+Nuts), or a low-fat control diet. Two independent outcomes were considered: new onset of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated using multivariable-adjusted Cox regression. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 6.0 years, we identified 74 new cases of retinopathy and 168 of nephropathy. Compared with the control diet, multivariable-adjusted HRs for diabetic retinopathy were 0.56 (95% CI 0.32-0.97) for the MedDiet+EVOO and 0.63 (0.35-1.11) for the MedDiet+Nuts. No between-group differences were found for nephropathy. When the yearly updated information on adherence to the MedDiet was considered, the HR for retinopathy in the highest versus the lowest quintile was 0.34 (0.13-0.89; P = 0.001 for trend). No significant associations were found for nephropathy. CONCLUSIONS: A MedDiet enriched with EVOO may protect against diabetic retinopathy but not diabetic nephropathy.
A plasma circulating miRNAs profile predicts type 2 diabetes mellitus and prediabetes: from the CORDIOPREV study.; We aimed to explore whether changes in circulating levels of miRNAs according to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) or prediabetes status could be used as biomarkers to evaluate the risk of developing the disease. The study included 462 patients without T2DM at baseline from the CORDIOPREV trial. After a median follow-up of 60 months, 107 of the subjects developed T2DM, 30 developed prediabetes, 223 maintained prediabetes and 78 remained disease-free. Plasma levels of four miRNAs related to insulin signaling and beta-cell function were measured by RT-PCR. We analyzed the relationship between miRNAs levels and insulin signaling and release indexes at baseline and after the follow-up period. The risk of developing disease based on tertiles (T1-T2-T3) of baseline miRNAs levels was evaluated by COX analysis. Thus, we observed higher miR-150 and miR-30a-5p and lower miR-15a and miR-375 baseline levels in subjects with T2DM than in disease-free subjects. Patients with high miR-150 and miR-30a-5p baseline levels had lower disposition index (p = 0.047 and p = 0.007, respectively). The higher risk of disease was associated with high levels (T3) of miR-150 and miR-30a-5p (HR(T3-T1) = 4.218 and HR(T3-T1) = 2.527, respectively) and low levels (T1) of miR-15a and miR-375 (HR(T1-T3) = 3.269 and HR(T1-T3) = 1.604, respectively). In conclusion, our study showed that deregulated plasma levels of miR-150, miR-30a-5p, miR-15a, and miR-375 were observed years before the onset of T2DM and pre-DM and could be used to evaluate the risk of developing the disease, which may improve prediction and prevention among individuals at high risk for T2DM. FAU - Jiménez-Lucena, Rosa
Mediterranean diet cools down the inflammatory milieu in type 2 diabetes: the MÉDITA randomized controlled trial.; Mediterranean-style diets provide cardiovascular benefits and increase insulin sensitivity. There is little evidence that adherence to Mediterranean diet may influence the levels of the inflammatory milieu in type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to assess whether Mediterranean diet influences both C-reactive protein (CRP) and adiponectin in newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes, and whether adherence to Mediterranean diet affects their circulating levels. In a two-arm, single-center trial, 215 men and women with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes were randomized to a Mediterranean diet (n = 108, 54 males and 54 females) or a low-fat diet (n = 107, 52 males and 55 females), with a total follow-up of 8.1 years. At baseline visit and at 1 year, body weight, HOMA index, CRP, and adiponectin and its fractions were assessed. Adherence to the diets was assessed by calculating the Mediterranean-diet score. At 1 year, CPR fell by 37 % and adiponectin rose by 43 % in the Mediterranean diet group, while remaining unchanged in the low-fat diet group. The pattern of adiponectin fractions (high and non-high molecular weight) showed a response similar to that of total adiponectin. Diabetic patients with the highest scores (6-9 points) of adherence to Mediterranean diet had lower circulating CRP level and higher circulating total adiponectin levels than the diabetic patients who scored <3 points on the scale (P = 0.001). The results of this randomized controlled trial demonstrate that Mediterranean diet cools down the inflammatory milieu of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Maiorino, Maria Ida
Is a vegetarian diet safe to follow during pregnancy? A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; Background: Whether a vegetarian diet is appropriate for pregnancy remains unclear. Objective: This study aimed to determine the association between vegetarian diet during pregnancy and various maternal-fetal outcomes. Method: PubMed-Medline, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant articles published by August 30, 2017. Quantitative data were analyzed by a random-effects model with pooled odds ratios or weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval as aggregate estimations. Results: A total of 19 observational studies were identified for each of meta-analysis and narrative review. The overall estimated relation between vegetarian pregnancy and low birth weight (LBW) was marginally significant (1.27 (0.98, 1.65), P = 0.07, I(2)=0%). Asian (India/Nepal) vegetarian mothers exhibited increased risks to deliver a baby with LBW (1.33 (1.01, 1.76), P = 0.04, I(2)=0%). However, the WMD of neonatal birth weight in five studies suggested no difference between vegetarians and omnivores. Given the high heterogeneity of the included studies, lack of high-quality evidence, and limited studies included for each category, we failed to reach conclusive results regarding the risks of hypospadias, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal anemia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: Asian vegetarian mothers presented increased risks to deliver babies with LBW than those of omnivores. Large-scale prospective studies focusing on pre- and/or early gestational nutrition will help clarify the correlation between vegetarian diet and various pregnancy outcomes. FAU - Tan, Chang
Association of dietary acid load and plant-based diet index with sleep, stress, anxiety and depression in diabetic women.; Diabetes is a common chronic disease with various complications. The present study was conducted to determine the association of plant-based diet index (PDI) and dietary acid load (DAL) with sleep status as well as mental health in type 2 diabetic women. In this cross-sectional study, a validated FFQ was used to assess dietary intakes of 230 diabetic patients. We created a whole PDI, healthful PDI (hPDI) and unhealthful PDI (uPDI). DAL was calculated based on potential renal acid load and net endogenous acid production method. The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and twenty-one-item Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale were used to assess sleep and mental health disorders, respectively. Participants in the top group of uPDI had greater risk of poor sleep (OR 6·47, 95 % CI 2·75, 15·24). However, patients who were in the top group of hPDI had a lower risk of sleep problems (OR 0·28, 95 % CI 0·13, 0·62). Participants in the top group of uPDI had greater risk of depression, anxiety and stress (OR 9·35, 95 % CI 3·96, 22·07; OR 4·74, 95 % CI 2·28, 9·85; OR 4·24, 95 % CI 2·14, 8·38, respectively). In conclusion, participants with higher DAL scores and patients who adhered to animal-based diets rather than plant-based diets were more likely to be poor sleepers and have mental health disorders. FAU - Daneshzad, Elnaz
Mediterranean Diet, Glucose Homeostasis, and Inflammasome Genetic Variants: The CORDIOPREV Study.; SCOPE: Insulin resistance (IR) and chronic low-grade inflammation are hallmarks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The "NOD-like receptor pyrin domain containing-3" (NLRP3) inflammasome component of innate immunity is a metabolic stress sensor modulated by dietary and genetics factors. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of the consumption of two diets for 3 years, Mediterranean (Med) and low fat, on glucose homeostasis in the 1002 coronary heart disease patients of the CORDIOPREV study, according to a genetic variant of NLRP3 inflammasome. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study was conducted in the framework of the CORDIOPREV study, a randomized dietary intervention with Med and low-fat diets. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) located at inflammasome NLRP3 gene were genotyped by OpenArray platform. Nondiabetic CT+TT carriers of the rs4612666 SNP and AG+AA carriers of the rs10733113 SNP increased insulin sensitivity index (ISI) after 3 years of dietary intervention, whereas no effect was observed in diabetic patients. Further analysis by diet showed that the improvement of the ISI in nondiabetic rs10733113 AG+AA carriers was specific to the consumption of the Med diet. CONCLUSION: Our results show that the benefits associated with a Med diet regarding glucose homeostasis in non-T2DM patients depend on genetic variation in the inflammasome.
Associations of specific dietary protein with longitudinal insulin resistance, prediabetes and type 2 diabetes: The Rotterdam Study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: High protein intake has been linked to increased type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk. However, if this association differs by protein from specific food sources, and if a habitual high protein intake affects insulin resistance and prediabetes risk are largely unknown. We aimed to investigate associations between protein intake from different food sources with longitudinal insulin resistance, and risk of prediabetes and T2D. METHODS: Our analyses included 6822 participants aged ≥45 years without diabetes at baseline in three sub-cohorts of the prospective population-based Rotterdam Study. We measured protein intake at baseline using food-frequency questionnaires. Data on longitudinal homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and incidence of prediabetes and T2D were available from 1993 to 2014. RESULTS: During follow-up, we documented 931 prediabetes cases and 643 T2D cases. After adjusting for sociodemographic, lifestyle, and dietary factors, higher total protein intake was associated with higher longitudinal HOMA-IR and with higher risk of prediabetes and T2D (per 5% increment in energy from protein at the expense of carbohydrate, for HOMA-IR: β = 0.10, (95%CI 0.07, 0.12); for prediabetes: HR = 1.34 (1.24 1.44); for T2D: HR = 1.37 (1.26, 1.49)). These associations were mainly driven by total animal protein (for HOMA-IR: 0.10 (0.07, 0.12); for prediabetes: 1.35 (1.24, 1.45); for T2D: 1.37 (1.26; 1.49)). The harmful associations of total animal protein were contributed to by protein from meat, fish, and dairy (e.g. for HOMA-IR: protein from meat, 0.13 (0.10, 0.17); from fish, 0.08 (0.03, 0.13); from dairy, 0.04 (0.0003, 0.08)). After additional adjustment for longitudinal waist circumference, associations of total protein and total animal protein with longitudinal HOMA-IR and prediabetes risk were attenuated, but remained statistically significant. Total plant protein, as well as protein from legumes and nuts, from grains, from potatoes, or from fruits and vegetables, was not associated with any of the outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Higher intake of animal protein, from meat, dairy and fish food sources, is associated with higher longitudinal insulin resistance and risk of prediabetes and T2D, which may be partly mediated by obesity over time. Furthermore, plant protein from different sources is not related to insulin resistance, and risk of prediabetes and T2D. Our findings highlight the importance of specific protein food sources and that habitual high animal protein intake may already in early stages be harmful in the development of T2D.
Wholegrain cereals and bread: a duet of the Mediterranean diet for the prevention of chronic diseases.; OBJECTIVE: The promotion of healthy lifestyles is one of the major goals of governments and international agencies all over the world. Wholegrain cereals are rich in nutrients and many phytochemical compounds, with recognised benefits for health, including dietary fibre, a number of phenolic compounds, lignans, vitamins and minerals and other bioactive components. The aim of the present work is to review the fundamental studies that support the consumption of wholegrain cereals and bread to prevent chronic diseases. DESIGN: Descriptive review considering human studies. SETTING AND SUBJECTS: Subjects included in randomised intervention trials and cohort studies from different countries published up to 2010. RESULTS: Several studies show consistently that subjects who ingest three or more portions of foods per day based on wholegrain cereals have a 20-30 % lower risk of CVD than subjects who ingest low quantities of cereals. This level of protection is not observed with the ingestion of refined cereals, these being even higher than with the intake of fruit and vegetables. Likewise, high intake of wholegrain cereals and their products, such as whole-wheat bread, is associated with a 20-30 % reduction in the risk of type 2 diabetes. Finally, protection against the risk of colorectal cancer and polyps, other cancers of the digestive tract, cancers related to hormones and pancreatic cancer has been associated with the regular consumption of wholegrain cereals and derived products. CONCLUSIONS: The regular intake of wholegrain cereals can contribute to reduction of risk factors related to non-communicable chronic diseases. FAU - Gil, Angel
Does a vegetarian diet reduce the occurrence of diabetes?; We propose the hypothesis that a vegetarian diet reduces the risk of developing diabetes. Findings that have generated this hypothesis are from a population of 25,698 adult White Seventh-day Adventists identified in 1960. During 21 years of follow-up, the risk of diabetes as an underlying cause of death in Adventists was approximately one-half the risk for all US Whites. Within the male Adventist population, vegetarians had a substantially lower risk than non-vegetarians of diabetes as an underlying or contributing cause of death. Within both the male and female Adventist populations, the prevalence of self-reported diabetes also was lower in vegetarians than in non-vegetarians. The associations observed between diabetes and meat consumption were apparently not due to confounding by over- or under-weight, other selected dietary factors, or physical activity. All of the associations between meat consumption and diabetes were stronger in males than in females. FAU - Snowdon, D A
The potential role of selected bioactive compounds from spelt and common wheat in glycemic control.; Diet is an important lifestyle factor which influences people's health and the prevention of chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes. Cereal-based foods constitute the main component of the everyday diet worldwide. Old cereal species like spelt (Triticum spelta L.) are becoming more and more popular, especially in Europe. This review focuses on the role of bioactive compounds from spelt and their possible biological mechanisms of action in glycemic control. Spelt grain contains a high amount of dietary fiber, which can modulate postprandial glycemia. Other phytochemicals, such as phytic acid and alkylresorcinols, also contribute to controlling blood glucose levels, insulin sensitivity and hiperinsulinemia. Antioxidant compounds present in spelt grain may act as protection from negative outcomes of chronic hyperglycemia. In this paper the composition and beneficial properties of spelt are also compared with those of widely consumed cereals like common wheat (Triticum aestivum L.). The health benefits of whole grain as opposed to refined products are also discussed. FAU - Biskup, Izabela
Mediterranean diet and metabolic syndrome prevalence in type 2 diabetes patients in Ahvaz, southwest of Iran.; AIMS: Metabolic syndrome as a cardiovascular disease predictor, is proposed to be reduced by following a Mediterranean diet. This study was aimed to explore the relationships between metabolic syndrome and Mediterranean diet in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. MATERIALS: A cross-sectional study was performed on 158 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients 28-75 years old (mean age: 54.3±9.6 yrs). Fasting glucose and lipid profile were measured. Blood pressure and anthropometric characteristics of each participant were recorded. Food frequency questionnaires were evaluated using an 11-item score to determine the adherence to Mediterranean diet. RESULTS: Totally, 55.4% of participants had a good adherence to Mediterranean diet. The risk of metabolic syndrome in women was significantly higher than in men (OR=8.65, CI 95%=2.88-25.99; p<0.001). Nuts, legumes and seeds consumption were associated with a significant lower risk of metabolic syndrome (OR=0.42, CI 95%=0.188-0.917; p<0.05). No considerable association was observed between metabolic syndrome and adherence to Mediterranean diet (p=0.167). CONCLUSIONS: Results demonstrated no association between Mediterranean diet adherence and metabolic syndrome in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. However, nuts, legumes and seeds might have greater benefits for diabetics.
Mediterranean Diet and 10-year (2002-2012) Incidence of Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease in Participants with Prediabetes: The ATTICA study.; BACKGROUND: Prediabetes has been related to an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). AIM: The aim of the present study was to examine the effect of the Mediterranean diet on diabetes and CVD risk in subjects with impaired fasting glucose (IFG, i.e. fasting plasma glucose 100-125 mg/dl). METHODS: During 2001-2002, 3042 men and women (>18y) were enrolled for the study. The participants showed no clinical evidence of CVD or any other chronic disease, and were living in the greater Athens (Greece) area. In 2011 and 2012, the 10-year follow-up examinations were performed, including a working sample of n = 1875 participants without diabetes at baseline. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet at baseline evaluation was assessed using the MedDietScore (range 0-55). RESULTS: The prediabetic subjects (n = 343) had a significantly higher incidence of diabetes (25% vs. 10%, p < 0.001) and CVD (17.8% vs. 12.3%, p = 0.007) compared with subjects with normal glucose values. A significant trend towards lower diabetes and CVD incidence was observed with medium and high adherence to the Mediterranean diet compared with low adherence (p < 0.001). High adherence to the Mediterranean diet (>35/55 score) was associated with lower 10-year incidence of diabetes and CVD. In multiple logistic regression models, participants with high levels of adherence to the Mediterranean diet were significantly less affected by diabetes and CVD than those with low adherence levels. CONCLUSION: High adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with a low risk of developing diabetes and CVD in prediabetic subjects. FAU - Filippatos, Theodosios D
Low-carbohydrate diet and type 2 diabetes risk in Japanese men and women: the Japan Public Health Center-Based Prospective Study.; OBJECTIVE: Evidence is sparse and contradictory regarding the association between low-carbohydrate diet score and type 2 diabetes risk, and no prospective study examined the association among Asians, who consume greater amount of carbohydrate. We prospectively investigated the association of low-carbohydrate diet score with type 2 diabetes risk. METHODS: Participants were 27,799 men and 36,875 women aged 45-75 years who participated in the second survey of the Japan Public Health Center-Based Prospective Study and who had no history of diabetes. Dietary intake was ascertained by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire, and low-carbohydrate diet score was calculated from total carbohydrate, fat, and protein intake. The scores for high animal protein and fat or for high plant protein and fat were also calculated. Odds ratios of self-reported, physician-diagnosed type 2 diabetes over 5-year were estimated by using logistic regression. RESULTS: During the 5-year period, 1191 new cases of type 2 diabetes were self-reported. Low-carbohydrate diet score for high total protein and fat was significantly associated with a decreased risk of type 2 diabetes in women (P for trend <0.001); the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio of type 2 diabetes for the highest quintile of the score were 0.63 (95% confidence interval 0.46-0.84), compared with those for the lowest quintile. Additional adjustment for dietary glycemic load attenuated the association (odds ratio 0.75, 95% confidence interval 0.45-1.25). When the score separated for animal and for plant protein and fat, the score for high animal protein and fat was inversely associated with type 2 diabetes in women, whereas the score for high plant protein and fat was not associated in both men and women. DISCUSSION: Low-carbohydrate diet was associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes in Japanese women and this association may be partly attributable to high intake of white rice. The association for animal-based and plant-based low-carbohydrate diet warrants further investigation. FAU - Nanri, Akiko
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and glycaemic control in Type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Mediterranean-type diets reduce the risk of Type 2 diabetes. Whether a Mediterranean-type diet improves glycaemic control in diabetes remains unknown. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis in 901 outpatients with Type 2 diabetes attending diabetes clinics located in Campania County, South Italy. We explored the relation between glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)), measured centrally, self-measured pre- and postprandial glucose levels and consumption of a Mediterranean-type diet. Adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet was assessed by a 9-point scale that incorporated the salient characteristics of this diet (range of scores, 0-9, with higher scores indicating greater adherence). The study was conducted from 2001 to 2007. RESULTS: Diabetic patients with the highest scores (6-9) had lower body mass index and waist circumferences, a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and lower HbA(1c) and post-meal glucose levels than diabetic patients with the lowest scores (0-3). In multivariate analysis, mean HbA(1c) and 2-h post-meal glucose concentrations were significantly lower in diabetic patients with high adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet than those with low adherence [difference: HbA(1c) 0.9%, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.5-1.2%, P < 0.001; 2-h glucose 2.2 mmol/l, 95% CI 0.8-2.9 mmol/l, P < 0.001]. CONCLUSIONS: In Type 2 diabetes, greater adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet is associated with lower HbA(1c) and postprandial glucose levels. FAU - Esposito, K
Modulation of gut microbiota dysbioses in type 2 diabetic patients by macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet.; The gut microbiota exerts a role in type 2 diabetes (T2D), and deviations from a mutualistic ecosystem layout are considered a key environmental factor contributing to the disease. Thus, the possibility of improving metabolic control in T2D by correcting gut microbiome dysbioses through diet has been evaluated. Here, we explore the potential of two different energy-restricted dietary approaches - the fibre-rich macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet or a control diet recommended by Italian professional societies for T2D treatment - to correct gut microbiota dysbioses in T2D patients. In a previous 21-d open-label MADIAB trial, fifty-six overweight T2D patients were randomised to the Ma-Pi 2 or the control diet. For the present study, stools were collected before and after intervention from a subset of forty MADIAB participants, allowing us to characterise the gut microbiota by 16S rRNA sequencing and imputed metagenomics. To highlight microbiota dysbioses in T2D, the gut microbiota of thirteen normal-weight healthy controls were characterised. According to our findings, both diets were effective in modulating gut microbiome dysbioses in T2D, resulting in an increase of the ecosystem diversity and supporting the recovery of a balanced community of health-promoting SCFA producers, such as Faecalibacterium, Roseburia, Lachnospira, Bacteroides and Akkermansia. The Ma-Pi 2 diet, but not the control diet, was also effective in counteracting the increase of possible pro-inflammatory groups, such as Collinsella and Streptococcus, in the gut ecosystem, showing the potential to reverse pro-inflammatory dysbioses in T2D, and possibly explaining the greater efficacy in improving the metabolic control. FAU - Candela, Marco
Mediterranean diet improves endothelial function in patients with diabetes and prediabetes: A report from the CORDIOPREV study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Endothelial dysfunction (ED) plays a key role in the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Likewise, type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a major CVD risk factor. Therefore, our objective was to explore whether long-term consumption of a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) rich in olive oil or a low-fat diet (LF diet) was associated with an improvement in ED and whether the potential benefits were similar in patients with or without T2D in the CORDIOPREV clinical trial (NCT00924937). METHODS: Endothelial function was measured in 805 participants who had completed follow-up ultrasound image studies, using ultrasonography of brachial artery to calculate flow mediated vasodilatation (FMD) before and after 1.5 years of intervention with a MedDiet [35% of calories from fat (22% monounsaturated) and 50% from carbohydrates] and LF diet [28% fat (12% monounsaturated) and 55% of calories from carbohydrates]. We categorized participants as patients with T2D, prediabetes, and without T2D according to the American Diabetes Association (ADA) criteria. RESULTS: MedDiet increased FMD in patients with T2D [5.2 ± 0.4 at 1.5 years vs. 3.8 ± 0.4 at baseline; p=0.04] and prediabetes [4.9 ± 0.4 vs. 3.8 ± 0.4; p=0.04] and induced an improvement in FMD compared to LF diet in patients with diabetes [5.2 ± 0.4 (MedDiet) vs.3.7 ± 0.4 (LF diet); p=0.01]; whereas both diets maintained FMD stable in patients without diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Habitual consumption of a MedDiet rich in extra virgin olive oil improves endothelial function in patients with prediabetes and diabetes. This takes great importance given that diet must be the cornerstone of treatment of patients with diabetes at high cardiovascular risk.
Relationship of the adherence to the Mediterranean diet with health-related quality of life and treatment satisfaction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a post-hoc analysis of a cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: The main aim of this study was to assess the association between adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and treatment satisfaction in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 294 patients with T2DM (146 with diabetic retinopathy and 148 without retinopathy). HRQoL and treatment satisfaction were assessed with the Audit Diabetes-Dependent Quality of Life and Diabetes Treatment Satisfaction Questionnaires, respectively. Adherence to the MedDiet was evaluated with the relative Mediterranean Diet Score (rMED). The rMED was added to multivariate linear regression models to assess its relative contribution as a quantitative as well as a qualitative variable after recoding to maximize each of the model's coefficients of determination to explain quality of life as well as treatment satisfaction dimensions. RESULTS: The adherence to the Mediterranean diet showed no significant association with the overall quality of life score. However, rMED was associated with some HRQoL dimensions: travels, self-confidence and freedom to eat and drink (p = 0.020, p = 0.015, p = 0.037 and p = 0.015, respectively). Concerning treatment satisfaction, rMED was positively associated with its overall score (p = 0.046), and especially with the understanding of diabetes (p = 0.0004) and treatment recommendation (p = 0.036), as well as with the perceived frequency of hyperglycaemias (p = 0.039). CONCLUSION: Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with greater treatment satisfaction in patients with T2DM. Although we found no association with overall HRQoL, adherence to this dietary pattern was associated with some quality of life dimensions. FAU - Alcubierre, Nuria
Effect of consumption of finger millet on hyperglycemia in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects.; The effect of consumption of finger millet based diets on hyperglycemia was studied in 6 non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) subjects. All the experimental diets were planned to be isocaloric and also to contain 75 g equivalent of carbohydrate load so that glycemic response could be compared with a 75 g glucose load. The glycemic response to breakfast items compared to that of glucose was determined by comparing the areas under the 2 hr glucose response curve. Consumption of finger millet based diets resulted in significantly lower plasma glucose levels, mean peak rise, and area under curve which might have been due to the higher fiber content of finger millet compared to rice and wheat. The lower glycemic response of whole finger millet based diets may also have been due to the presence of antinutritional factors in whole finger millet flour which are known to reduce starch digestibility and absorption. FAU - Lakshmi Kumari, P
Associations between Vitamin B-12 Status and Oxidative Stress and Inflammation in Diabetic Vegetarians and Omnivores.; Diabetes is considered an oxidative stress and a chronic inflammatory disease. The purpose of this study was to investigate the correlations between vitamin B-12 status and oxidative stress and inflammation in diabetic vegetarians and omnivores. We enrolled 154 patients with type 2 diabetes (54 vegetarians and 100 omnivores). Levels of fasting glucose, glycohemoglobin (HbA1c), lipid profiles, oxidative stress, antioxidant enzymes activity, and inflammatory makers were measured. Diabetic vegetarians with higher levels of vitamin B-12 (>250 pmol/L) had significantly lower levels of fasting glucose, HbA1c and higher antioxidant enzyme activity (catalase) than those with lower levels of vitamin B-12 (≤ 250 pmol/L). A significant association was found between vitamin B-12 status and fasting glucose (r = -0.17, p = 0.03), HbA1c (r = -0.33, p = 0.02), oxidative stress (oxidized low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, r = -0.19, p = 0.03), and antioxidant enzyme activity (catalase, r = 0.28, p = 0.01) in the diabetic vegetarians; vitamin B-12 status was significantly correlated with inflammatory markers (interleukin-6, r = -0.33, p < 0.01) in diabetic omnivores. As a result, we suggest that it is necessary to monitor the levels of vitamin B-12 in patients with diabetes, particularly those adhering to a vegetarian diet. FAU - Lee, Yau-Jiunn
Lysine pathway metabolites and the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the PREDIMED study: results from two case-cohort studies.; BACKGROUND: The pandemic of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) requires the identification of new predictor biomarkers. Biomarkers potentially modifiable with lifestyle changes deserve a special interest. Our aims were to analyze: (a) The associations of lysine, 2-aminoadipic acid (2-AAA) or pipecolic acid with the risk of T2D or CVD in the PREDIMED trial; (b) the effect of the dietary intervention on 1-year changes in these metabolites, and (c) whether the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) interventions can modify the effects of these metabolites on CVD or T2D risk. METHODS: Two unstratified case-cohort studies nested within the PREDIMED trial were used. For CVD analyses, we selected 696 non-cases and 221 incident CVD cases; for T2D, we included 610 non-cases and 243 type 2 diabetes incident cases. Metabolites were quantified using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry, at baseline and after 1-year of intervention. RESULTS: In weighted Cox regression models, we found that baseline lysine (HR(+1 SD increase) = 1.26; 95% CI 1.06-1.51) and 2-AAA (HR(+1 SD increase) = 1.28; 95% CI 1.05-1.55) were both associated with a higher risk of T2D, but not with CVD. A significant interaction (p = 0.032) between baseline lysine and T2D on the risk of CVD was observed: subjects with prevalent T2D and high levels of lysine exhibited the highest risk of CVD. The intervention with MedDiet did not have a significant effect on 1-year changes of the metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide an independent prospective replication of the association of 2-AAA with future risk of T2D. We show an association of lysine with subsequent CVD risk, which is apparently diabetes-dependent. No evidence of effects of MedDiet intervention on lysine, 2-AAA or pipecolic acid changes was found. Trial registration ISRCTN35739639; registration date: 05/10/2005; recruitment start date 01/10/2003. FAU - Razquin, Cristina
Vegetarian diets and childhood obesity prevention.; The increased prevalence of childhood overweight and obesity is not unique to industrialized societies; dramatic increases are occurring in urbanized areas of developing countries. In light of the consensus that obesity is a significant public health concern and that many weight-loss interventions have been unsuccessful in the long term, an exploration of food patterns that are beneficial in the primary prevention of obesity is warranted. The focus of this article is to review the relation between vegetarian diets and obesity, particularly as they relate to childhood obesity. Epidemiologic studies indicate that vegetarian diets are associated with a lower body mass index (BMI) and a lower prevalence of obesity in adults and children. A meta-analysis of adult vegetarian diet studies estimated a reduced weight difference of 7.6 kg for men and 3.3 kg for women, which resulted in a 2-point lower BMI (in kg/m(2)). Similarly, compared with nonvegetarians, vegetarian children are leaner, and their BMI difference becomes greater during adolescence. Studies exploring the risk of overweight and food groups and dietary patterns indicate that a plant-based diet seems to be a sensible approach for the prevention of obesity in children. Plant-based diets are low in energy density and high in complex carbohydrate, fiber, and water, which may increase satiety and resting energy expenditure. Plant-based dietary patterns should be encouraged for optimal health and environmental benefits. Food policies are warranted to support social marketing messages and to reduce the cultural and economic forces that make it difficult to promote plant-based dietary patterns. FAU - Sabaté, Joan
A worksite programme significantly alters nutrient intakes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether a worksite nutrition programme using a low-fat vegan diet could significantly improve nutritional intake. DESIGN: At two corporate sites of the Government Employees Insurance Company, employees who were either overweight (BMI > or = 25 kg/m2) and/or had type 2 diabetes participated in a 22-week worksite-based dietary intervention study. SETTING: At the intervention site, participants were asked to follow a low-fat vegan diet and participate in weekly group meetings that included instruction and group support (intervention group). At the control site, participants received no instruction (control group). At weeks 0 and 22, participants completed 3 d dietary records to assess energy and nutrient intake. SUBJECTS: A total of 109 participants (sixty-five intervention and forty-four control). RESULTS: In the intervention group, reported intake of total fat, trans fat, saturated fat and cholesterol decreased significantly (P < or = 0.001), as did energy and protein (P = 0.01), and vitamin B12 (P = 0.002), compared with the control group. Intake (exclusive of any use of nutritional supplements) of carbohydrate, fibre, vitamin C, magnesium and potassium increased significantly (P < or = 0.0001), as did that for beta-carotene (P = 0.0004), total vitamin A activity (P = 0.004), vitamin K (P = 0.01) and sodium (P = 0.04) in the intervention group, compared with the control group. CONCLUSIONS: The present study suggests that a worksite vegan nutrition programme increases intakes of protective nutrients, such as fibre, folate and vitamin C, and decreases intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol. FAU - Levin, Susan M
Adhesion to the Mediterranean diet in diabetic patients with poor control.; OBJECTIVE: To analyse the relationship between the level of adherence to the Mediterranean diet and the control of cardiovascular risk factors. METHOD: A descriptive, observational study was conducted on patients diagnosed with Diabetes Mellitus type 2, with poor blood glucose control and a Body Mass Index greater than 25kg/m(2). The relationship between the adherence to the Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular risk factors was evaluated before and after education about the Mediterranean diet. The patients were given a questionnaire on the level of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (the Mediterranean diet score), at the beginning of the study and at 6 month after having education about the Mediterranean diet in the Primary Care medical and nursing clinics. An analysis was carried out on the variables including, gender, age, weight, height, and Body Mass Index, as well as the analytical parameters of blood glucose, glycosylated haemoglobin, total, HDL, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides. The relationship between the primary variable, 'adherence to the Mediterranean diet', and the rest of the variables was calculated before and after the educational intervention. RESULTS: The initial 'adherence to the Mediterranean diet score' in the questionnaire was relatively low (6.22). Excess weight, as well as to have an elevated Body Mass Index are associated with a lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet, as well as low adherence to treatment (P<.00 and P<.02, respectively). The values of HDL cholesterol values increased with greater adherence (P<.04). Elevated LDL and total cholesterol are associated with a lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet (P<.01 and P<.05, respectively), similar to that of elevated triglycerides (P<.00). Elevated baseline blood glucose levels are also associated with low adherence to the Mediterranean diet (P<.04), as well as the increase in glycosylated haemoglobin (P<.06). Thus the cardiovascular risk increases with low adherence (P<.08). After the educational intervention, a moderate increase was observed in the adherence to the Mediterranean diet (a score of 6.84) as well as a notable improvement in the control of the cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with improved control of cardiovascular risk factors.
A priori-defined diet quality indices, biomarkers and risk for type 2 diabetes in five ethnic groups: the Multiethnic Cohort.; Dietary indices have been related to risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) predominantly in white populations. The present study evaluated this association in the ethnically diverse Multiethnic Cohort and examined four diet quality indices in relation to T2D risk, homoeostatic model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and biomarkers of dyslipidaemia, inflammation and adipokines. The T2D analysis included 166 550 white, African American, Native Hawaiian, Japanese American and Latino participants (9200 incident T2D cases). Dietary intake was assessed at baseline using a quantitative FFQ and T2D status was based on three self-reports and confirmed by administrative data. Biomarkers were assessed about 10 years later in a biomarker subcohort (n 10 060). Sex- and ethnicity-specific hazard ratios were calculated for the Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010), the alternative HEI-2010 (AHEI-2010), the alternate Mediterranean diet score (aMED) and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH). Multivariable-adjusted means of biomarkers were compared across dietary index tertiles in the biomarker subcohort. The AHEI-2010, aMED (in men only) and DASH scores were related to a 10-20 % lower T2D risk, with the strongest associations in whites and the direction of the relationships mostly consistent across ethnic groups. Higher scores on the four indices were related to lower HOMA-IR, TAG and C-reactive protein concentrations, not related to leptin, and the DASH score was directly associated with adiponectin. The AHEI-2010 and DASH were directly related to HDL-cholesterol in women. Potential underlying biological mechanisms linking diet quality and T2D risk are an improved lipid profile and reduced systemic inflammation and, with regards to DASH alone, an improved adiponectin profile. FAU - Jacobs, Simone
Differential acute postprandial effects of processed meat and isocaloric vegan meals on the gastrointestinal hormone response in subjects suffering from type 2 diabetes and healthy controls: a randomized crossover study.; BACKGROUND: The intake of meat, particularly processed meat, is a dietary risk factor for diabetes. Meat intake impairs insulin sensitivity and leads to increased oxidative stress. However, its effect on postprandial gastrointestinal hormone (GIH) secretion is unclear. We aimed to investigate the acute effects of two standardized isocaloric meals: a processed hamburger meat meal rich in protein and saturated fat (M-meal) and a vegan meal rich in carbohydrates (V-meal). We hypothesized that the meat meal would lead to abnormal postprandial increases in plasma lipids and oxidative stress markers and impaired GIH responses. METHODS: In a randomized crossover study, 50 patients suffering from type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 50 healthy subjects underwent two 3-h meal tolerance tests. For statistical analyses, repeated-measures ANOVA was performed. RESULTS: The M-meal resulted in a higher postprandial increase in lipids in both groups (p<0.001) and persistent postprandial hyperinsulinemia in patients with diabetes (p<0.001). The plasma glucose levels were significantly higher after the V-meal only at the peak level. The plasma concentrations of glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), peptide tyrosine-tyrosine (PYY) and pancreatic polypeptide (PP) were higher (p<0.05, p<0.001, p<0.001, respectively) and the ghrelin concentration was lower (p<0.001) after the M-meal in healthy subjects. In contrast, the concentrations of GIP, PYY and PP were significantly lower after the M-meal in T2D patients (p<0.001). Compared with the V-meal, the M-meal was associated with a larger increase in lipoperoxidation in T2D patients (p<0.05). CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that the diet composition and the energy content, rather than the carbohydrate count, should be important considerations for dietary management and demonstrate that processed meat consumption is accompanied by impaired GIH responses and increased oxidative stress marker levels in diabetic patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01572402. FAU - Belinova, Lenka
Legume consumption and its association with fasting glucose, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in the Indian Migration Study.; OBJECTIVE: Legume consumption is associated with lower fasting glucose (FG) and insulin levels in nutrition trials and lower CVD mortality in large-scale epidemiological studies. In India, legumes are widely consumed in various preparations, yet no epidemiological study has evaluated the association of legumes with FG levels, insulin resistance and diabetes risk. The present study aimed to fill this gap. DESIGN: Fasting blood samples, in-person interviews to obtain information on demographic/socio-economic factors, physical activity, alcohol and tobacco use, and anthropometric measurements were collected. Dietary intakes were assessed by an interviewer-administered, validated, semi-quantitative FFQ. SETTING: Lucknow, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bangalore, India. SUBJECTS: Men and women (n 6367) aged 15-76 years - urban residents, urban migrants and their rural siblings. RESULTS: In multivariate random-effects models adjusted for age, BMI, total energy intake, macronutrients, physical activity and rural/migration status, daily legume consumption was not associated with FG (P-for-trend=0·78), insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment score; P-for-trend=0·73) or the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (P-for-trend=0·41). Stratified analyses by vegetarian diet and migration status did not change the findings. Inverse associations between legumes and FG emerged for participants with lower BMI and higher carbohydrate, protein, fat and sugar intakes. CONCLUSIONS: Although legumes are essential in traditional Indian diets, as well as in prudent and Mediterranean diets in the West, we did not find an association between legumes and markers of glycaemic control, insulin resistance or diabetes, except for subgroups based on BMI and macronutrient intake. The ubiquitous presence and complexity of legume preparations in Indian diets may contribute to these findings. FAU - Dhillon, Preet K
Changes in arginine are inversely associated with type 2 diabetes: A case-cohort study in the PREDIMED trial.; The associations between arginine-based metabolites and incident type 2 diabetes (T2D) are unknown. We employed a case-cohort design, nested within the PREDIMED trial, to examine six plasma metabolites (arginine, citrulline, ornithine, asymmetric dimethylarginine [ADMA], symmetric dimethylarginine [SDMA] and N-monomethyl-l-arginine [NMMA]) among 892 individuals (251 cases) for associations with incident T2D and insulin resistance. Weighted Cox models with robust variance were used. The 1-year changes in arginine (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] per SD 0.68, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.49, 0.95; Q4 vs. Q1 0.46, 95% CI 0.21, 1.04; P trend = 0.02) and arginine/ADMA ratio (adjusted HR per SD 0.73, 95% CI 0.51, 1.04; Q4 vs. Q1 0.52, 95% CI 0.22, 1.25; P trend = 0.04) were associated with a lower risk of T2D. Positive changes of citrulline and ornithine, and negative changes in SDMA and arginine/(ornithine + citrulline) were associated with concurrent 1-year changes in homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Individuals in the low-fat-diet group had a higher risk of T2D for 1-year changes in NMMA than individuals in Mediterranean-diet groups (P interaction = 0.02). We conclude that arginine bioavailability is important in T2D pathophysiology.
Pre-diagnostic plasma enterolactone concentrations are associated with lower mortality among individuals with type 2 diabetes: a case-cohort study in the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The phytoestrogen enterolactone is a gut microbiota-derived metabolite of plant lignans with suggested beneficial properties for health. In the current study, we investigated the association between pre-diagnostic plasma enterolactone concentrations and mortality among individuals diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In a population of people diagnosed with diabetes, nested within the Danish Diet, Cancer and Health cohort, we conducted a case-cohort study including a random sample of n = 450 cases (deceased) and a randomly selected subcohort of n = 850 (in total n = 617 deaths). Information on diagnosis, vital status and cause of death was obtained from Danish registers. Cox proportional hazard models with special weighting were applied to assess all-cause and cause-specific mortality. RESULTS: The median enterolactone concentration of the current population was low, 10.9 nmol/l (5th percentile to 95th percentile: 1.3-59.6), compared with previously reported concentrations from the Diet, Cancer and Health cohort. Pre-diagnostic enterolactone concentrations were associated with lower all-cause mortality when assessed linearly per doubling in concentration (log(2)) (HR 0.91 [95% CI 0.85, 0.96]) and according to quartiles (HR 0.63 [95% CI 0.48, 0.84]) for the highest quartile of enterolactone compared with the lowest quartile. For cause-specific mortality, only death from diabetes (registered as underlying cause of death) reached statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Based on this large cohort of people with diabetes with detailed and complete baseline and follow-up information, pre-diagnostic enterolactone concentrations were inversely associated with mortality. To our knowledge, this is the first study on enterolactone and type 2 diabetes mortality. Our findings call for further exploration of enterolactone in type 2 diabetes management. FAU - Eriksen, Anne K
Vitamin B12 Deficiency Is Prevalent Among Czech Vegans Who Do Not Use Vitamin B12 Supplements. LID - 10.3390/nu11123019 [doi] LID - 3019; As not much is known about the prevalence and predictors of nutritional deficiencies among vegans in the Czech Republic, we evaluated whether supplement use and duration of adherence to the vegan diet are associated with the risk of cobalamin and iron deficiencies. Associations between self-reported supplementation and duration of vegan diet with biomarkers of cobalamin (serum cobalamin, holotranscobalamin, homocysteine, folate) and iron status (serum ferritin, iron binding capacity, transferrin and saturation of transferrin) were assessed by cross-sectional analyses of medical data from a clinical nutrition center. Data from 151 (72 females) adult vegans (age 18-67 years), who were free of major chronic diseases and 85 (40 females) healthy non-vegans (age 21-47 years) were analyzed. Overall, vegans had significantly lower cobalamin, hemoglobin and ferritin levels, but higher folate and MCV values compared to non-vegans. Vegans not using cobalamin supplements were at higher risk of low plasma cobalamin than regularly supplementing vegans (OR: 4.41, 95% CI 1.2-16.16 for cobalamin, OR: 19.18, 95% CI 1.02-359.42 for holotranscobalamin), whereas no significant differences in cobalamin status related to duration of the vegan diet were observed. Regularly supplementing vegans had similar levels of cobalamin/holotranscobalamin as non-vegans. Despite lower ferritin and hemoglobin levels, there was no indication of a higher risk of iron-deficiency among vegans. To conclude cobalamin deficiency risk depends on supplementation status and not on the duration of an exclusive vegan diet, which underlines the need to integrate cobalamin status monitoring and counselling on supplement use in routine clinical care in the Czech Republic. FAU - Selinger, Eliška
Does the impact of a plant-based diet during pregnancy on birth weight differ by ethnicity? A dietary pattern analysis from a prospective Canadian birth cohort alliance.; OBJECTIVE: Birth weight is an indicator of newborn health and a strong predictor of health outcomes in later life. Significant variation in diet during pregnancy between ethnic groups in high-income countries provides an ideal opportunity to investigate the influence of maternal diet on birth weight. SETTING: Four multiethnic birth cohorts based in Canada (the NutriGen Alliance). PARTICIPANTS: 3997 full-term mother-infant pairs of diverse ethnic groups who had principal component analysis-derived diet pattern scores-plant-based, Western and health-conscious-and birth weight data. RESULTS: No associations were identified between the Western and health-conscious diet patterns and birth weight; however, the plant-based dietary pattern was inversely associated with birth weight (β=-67.6 g per 1-unit increase; P<0.001), and an interaction with non-white ethnicity and birth weight was observed. Ethnically stratified analyses demonstrated that among white Europeans, maternal consumption of a plant-based diet associated with lower birth weight (β=-65.9 g per 1-unit increase; P<0.001), increased risk of small-for-gestational age (SGA; OR=1.46; 95% CI 1.08 to 1.54;P=0.005) and reduced risk of large-for-gestational age (LGA; OR=0.71; 95% CI 0.53 to 0.95;P=0.02). Among South Asians, maternal consumption of a plant-based diet associated with a higher birth weight (β=+40.5 g per 1-unit increase; P=0.01), partially explained by cooked vegetable consumption. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal consumption of a plant-based diet during pregnancy is associated with birth weight. Among white Europeans, a plant-based diet is associated with lower birth weight, reduced odds of an infant born LGA and increased odds of SGA, whereas among South Asians living in Canada, a plant-based diet is associated with increased birth weight.
Associations between Nut Consumption and Health Vary between Omnivores, Vegetarians, and Vegans. LID - 10.3390/nu9111219 [doi] LID - 1219; Regular nut consumption is associated with reduced risk factors for chronic disease; however, most population-based studies lack consideration of effect modification by dietary pattern. The UK Women's Cohort Study (UKWCS) provides an ideal opportunity to examine relationships between nut consumption and chronic disease risk factors in a large sample with diverse dietary patterns. Nut and nutrient intake from 34,831 women was estimated using a food frequency questionnaire among self-identified omnivores, vegetarians and vegans. In this cross-sectional analysis, higher nut consumption was associated with lower body weight (difference between highest and lowest consumption categories from adjusted model: 6.1 kg; 95% CI: 4.7, 7.6) body mass index (BMI, 2.4 units difference; 95% CI: 1.9, 2.9), and waist circumference (2.6 cm difference; 95% CI: 1.4, 3.8) (all p for linear trend < 0.001). Higher nut consumption was also associated with reduced prevalence of high cholesterol and high blood pressure; having a history of heart attack, diabetes and gallstones; and markers of diet quality (all adjusted p for linear trend ≤ 0.011). Higher nut consumption appeared overall to be associated with greater benefits amongst omnivores compared to vegetarians and vegans. Findings support existing literature around beneficial effects of nut consumption and suggest that benefits may be larger among omnivores. Nut promotion strategies may have the highest population impact by specifically targeting this group. FAU - Brown, Rachel C
The effect of circuit resistance training, empagliflozin or "vegeterranean diet" on physical and metabolic function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes: a study protocol for a randomized control trial (CEV-65 trial).; BACKGROUND: Treatment of the older diabetic individual comprises a therapeutic challenge. Currently little scientific evidence exists depicting the best approach to type 2 diabetes treatment in this growing sub-population of patients. The purpose of this study is to assess the effects of a modified plant-based Mediterranean diet ("vegeterranean" diet), circuit resistance training (CRT) and empagliflozin, separately or in combination, on body composition and physical function in older subjects with type 2 diabetes. The rationale for this study is to assess three interventions associated with a negative energy/caloric balance (increased caloric use in exercise, caloric restriction in the "vegeterranean" diet and caloric wasting by glycosuria with empagliflozin), their interaction and effect on body composition and physical function. METHODS: One hundred and twenty men and women ≥65 years of age with type 2 diabetes, and low levels of physical activity will be randomized (1:1:1 manner, gender stratified) for 10 weeks to one of 3 parallel arms: CRT consisting of 3 home sessions/week; ad-libitum plant-based Mediterranean diet (limited consumption of eggs, dairy and fish, avoidance of red meat and poultry) or empagliflozin 10 mg/day. After 10 weeks CRT will be added to the empagliflozin and diet arms for an additional 10 weeks. Allocation concealment and blinding of primary outcome assessors will be implemented. Efficacy will be determined by assessment of lean body mass, body weight, frailty and functional status, sarcopenia, HbA1c and quality of life questionnaires. Safety will be evaluated by routine monitoring of adverse events. This study was approved by the Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center Institutional Review Board. DISCUSSION: The combination and comparison of these diverse interventions to metabolic control may lead to better understanding of their mechanism of action with potential clinical implications in older individuals. Also, this study will provide evidence of the effectiveness of these interventions on delaying the progression from diabetes to sarcopenia and/or frailty. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov PRS: NCT03560375 . Last registration date (last update): 06/06/2018. The trial was a-priori registered before actual recruitment of subjects. FAU - Buch, Assaf
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and risk of developing diabetes: prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relation between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and the incidence of diabetes among initially healthy participants. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study with estimates of relative risk adjusted for sex, age, years of university education, total energy intake, body mass index, physical activity, sedentary habits, smoking, family history of diabetes, and personal history of hypertension. SETTING: Spanish university department. PARTICIPANTS: 13 380 Spanish university graduates without diabetes at baseline followed up for a median of 4.4 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Dietary habits assessed at baseline with a validated 136 item food frequency questionnaire and scored on a nine point index. New cases of diabetes confirmed through medical reports and an additional detailed questionnaire posted to those who self reported a new diagnosis of diabetes by a doctor during follow-up. Confirmed cases of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: Participants who adhered closely to a Mediterranean diet had a lower risk of diabetes. The incidence rate ratios adjusted for sex and age were 0.41 (95% confidence interval 0.19 to 0.87) for those with moderate adherence (score 3-6) and 0.17 (0.04 to 0.75) for those with the highest adherence (score 7-9) compared with those with low adherence (score <3). In the fully adjusted analyses the results were similar. A two point increase in the score was associated with a 35% relative reduction in the risk of diabetes (incidence rate ratio 0.65, 0.44 to 0.95), with a significant inverse linear trend (P=0.04) in the multivariate analysis. CONCLUSION: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with a reduced risk of diabetes. FAU - Martínez-González, M A
Exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals among residents of a rural vegetarian/vegan community.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) are increasingly thought to be involved in the rising prevalence of disorders such as obesity, diabetes, and some hormone-dependent cancers. Several lines of evidence have indicated that vegetarian and vegan diets may offer some protection from such diseases. We hypothesized that exposure to selected EDCs among residents of the unique vegetarian/vegan community of Amirim would be lower than what has recently been reported for the omnivorous population in the first Israel Biomonitoring Study (IBMS). METHODS: We studied 42 Amirim residents (29 vegetarians/13 vegans; 24 women/18men, aged 50.7±13.7y). Subjects answered detailed lifestyle, and multipass, memory-based 24-hr dietary recall questionnaires. Concentrations of bisphenol A (BPA), 11 phthalate metabolites, and the isoflavone phytoestrogens (genistein and daidzein) were determined by GC or LC tandem mass-spectrometry on a spot urine sample. The results were compared to those obtained following the same methodology in the Jewish subgroup of the IBMS (n=184). RESULTS: While a vegetarian/vegan nutritional pattern had no effect on exposure to BPA, it seemed to confer a modest protection (~21%) from exposure to high molecular weight phthalates. Furthermore, the summed metabolites of the high molecular weight phthalate DiNP were 36% lower in vegans compared to vegetarians (P<0.05). In contrast, Amirim residents exhibited a level of exposure to isoflavone phytoestrogens about an order of magnitude higher than in the IBMS (P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In Israel, a country whose inhabitants demonstrate exposure to EDCs comparable to that of the US and Canada, a voluntary lifestyle of vegetarianism and preference for organic food has a modest, but possibly valuable, impact on exposure to phthalates, while it is associated with a very steep increase in the exposure to phytoestrogens. Major reduction in exposure to EDCs will require regulatory actions.
Preclinical and clinical results regarding the effects of a plant-based antidiabetic formulation versus well established antidiabetic molecules.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a complex syndrome with debilitating long-term complications, comprising alterations of carbohydrate, protein and lipid metabolisms, along increased oxidative stress and chronic low-grade inflammation. Diet management and plant-based formulations can improve the metabolic status of patients, being used as adjuvants of classic antidiabetic therapy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the impact of a plant-based antidiabetic formulation (PBAF), containing Vaccinium myrtillus, Ribes nigrum, Rosa canina and Capsicum annuum, on the increased oxidative burden found in diabetes mellitus, comparing it with the effects of metformin and gliclazide. Firstly, we characterized the individual plant-derived components of this formulation and also assessed their in vitro radical scavenging capacity. We devised a preclinical study protocol to examine the impact of the PBAF, along metformin and gliclazide, on tissue histology as well as on the redox status of tissue, mitochondria, serum and serum lipoproteins of alloxan-induced diabetic Wistar rats. Subsequently, we assessed their long-term impact on the redox status of serum and isolated serum lipoproteins of type 2 DM (T2DM) patients, taking into consideration their cardiometabolic profile. In the preclinical stage, we found that PBAF was able to enhance total serum antioxidant defense, while metformin yielded the best results regarding the advanced glycation and protein/lipid oxidation of serum and of serum lipoproteins. The latter also improved overall serum redox status and HDL redox function. Also, antidiabetic treatment seemed to increase mitochondrial redox activity, without overturning overall tissue redox balance. Histologically, liver and brain tissues of treated diabetic rats were fairly similar to those of non-diabetic rats. In T2DM patients, the most striking results involved the effects on serum lipoproteins. The tested PBAF exerted protective antioxidant effects on low-density and, especially, on high density lipoproteins. We conclude that this formulation might constitute a good addition to the well-established pharmacological approach of DM, contributing to the reduction of overall oxidative burden.
Legume consumption is inversely associated with type 2 diabetes incidence in adults: A prospective assessment from the PREDIMED study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Legumes, a low-energy, nutrient-dense and low glycemic index food, have shown beneficial effects on glycemic control and adiposity. As such, legumes are widely recommended in diabetic diets, even though there is little evidence that their consumption protects against type 2 diabetes. Therefore the aim of the present study was to examine the associations between consumption of total legumes and specific subtypes, and type 2 diabetes risk. We also investigated the effect of theoretically substituting legumes for other protein- or carbohydrate-rich foods. METHODS: Prospective assessment of 3349 participants in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study without type 2 diabetes at baseline. Dietary information was assessed at baseline and yearly during follow-up. We used Cox regression models to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) for type-2 diabetes incidence according to quartiles of cumulative average consumption of total legumes, lentils, chickpeas, dry beans and fresh peas. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 4.3 years, 266 new cases of type 2 diabetes occurred. Individuals in the highest quartile of total legume and lentil consumption had a lower risk of diabetes than those in the lowest quartile (HR: 0.65; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.96; P-trend = 0.04; and HR: 0.67; 95% CI: 0.46-0.98; P-trend = 0.05, respectively). A borderline significant association was also observed for chickpeas consumption (HR 0.68; 95% CI: 0.46, 1.00; P-trend = 0.06). Substitutions of half a serving/day of legumes for similar servings of eggs, bread, rice or baked potato was associated with lower risk of diabetes incidence. CONCLUSIONS: A frequent consumption of legumes, particularly lentils, in the context of a Mediterranean diet, may provide benefits on type 2 diabetes prevention in older adults at high cardiovascular risk. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com (ISRCTN35739639). Registration date: 5th October 2005.
Hepatoprotective Activity of Easter Lily (Lilium longiflorum Thunb.) Bulb Extracts.; The hepatoprotective activities of two different extracts, a hydroethanolic crude bulb extract (CB) and a steroidal glycoside-rich 1-butanol extract (BuOH), prepared from the bulbs of Easter lily (Lilium longiflorum Thunb.), were evaluated in a 24 week study in the female KK.Cg-A(y)/J Type 2 diabetic mouse model. Animals were divided into six groups (n = 16): control mice received Easter lily bulb extract-free drinking water together with a low- or high-fat diet (diabetic control); drinking water for the remaining groups was supplemented with CB extract (1%), BuOH extract (0.1 or 0.2%), and reference drug Metformin (0.001%), together with a high-fat diet. Both CB and BuOH extract treatment groups exhibited significantly improved liver function based on comparisons of triglycerides [diabetic 219 ± 34 mg/dL, CB 131 ± 27 mg/dL, BuOH(0.2%) 114 ± 35 mg/dL], CB total cholesterol (TC) (diabetic 196 ± 12 mg/dL, CB 159 ± 5 mg/dL), average liver mass [diabetic 2.96 ± 0.13 g, CB 2.58 ± 0.08 g, BuOH(0.1%) 2.48 ± 0.13 g], alanine transferase [diabetic 74 ± 5 units/L, CB 25 ± 1 units/L, BuOH(0.1%) 45 ± 1 units/L], and histological examinations. Glucose metabolism was improved only in CB, which was confirmed by oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) in diet-induced obese C57BL/6J mice exposed to CB extract. These data suggest that steroidal glycosides 1-5 might play a role in the hepatoprotective activity of the BuOH extracts, while the results of the TC measurements and OGTT study indicate that other constituents present in the CB extract are responsible for its hypocholesterolemic and hypoglycemic activity. FAU - Tang, Wenping
Dietary Patterns and 10-year (2002-2012) Incidence of Type 2 Diabetes: Results from the ATTICA Cohort Study.; AIM: To identify dietary patterns among apparently healthy individuals and to determine their long-term effect on diabetes incidence. METHODS: During 2001-2002, a random sample of 3,042 men and women (18-89 years old), living in greater Athens, was randomly selected to participate in the study. During 2011-2012, the 10-year follow-up was performed in 2,583 participants (15% drop-out rate). After excluding participants with diabetes at baseline and those for whom no information on diabetes status was available at follow-up, the working sample consisted of 1,485 participants. Dietary habits were assessed by means of a validated semi-quantitative, food frequency questionnaire. Factor analysis was performed to extract dietary patterns from 18 food groups. RESULTS: Diabetes diagnosis at follow-up was made in 191 participants, yielding an incidence rate of 12.9%. Six factors (i.e. dietary patterns) were identified that explained 54% of the variation in consumption. After adjusting for major confounders, and stratification by age-group, logistic regression revealed that the most healthful pattern consisted of the consumption of fruits, vegetables, legumes, bread, rusk, and pasta which reduced the 10-year diabetes risk by 40%, among participants aged 45-55 years. The association reached marginal statistical significance (95% CI: 0.34, 1.07), while no significant association was observed for the other age-groups. When the analysis was additionally adjusted for carbohydrate percentage, statistical significance was lost completely, suggesting a possibly mediating effect of this macronutrient. CONCLUSIONS: The results confirm the potentially protective effect of a plant-based dietary pattern in the primary prevention of diabetes, in particular among middle-aged people. Carbohydrate content may be a specific factor in this relationship; other micronutrients found in plant-based food groups may also play a role. FAU - Koloverou, Efi
Plasma branched chain/aromatic amino acids, enriched Mediterranean diet and risk of type 2 diabetes: case-cohort study within the PREDIMED Trial.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) and aromatic amino acids (AAAs) are associated with type 2 diabetes. However, repeated measurements of BCAA/AAA and their interactions with dietary interventions have not been evaluated. We investigated the associations between baseline and changes at 1 year in BCAA/AAA with type 2 diabetes in the context of a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) trial. METHODS: We included 251 participants with incident type 2 diabetes and a random sample of 694 participants (641 participants without type 2 diabetes and 53 overlapping cases) in a case-cohort study nested within the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) trial. Participants were randomised to a MedDiet+extra-virgin olive oil (n = 273), a MedDiet+nuts (n = 324) or a control diet (n = 295). We used LC-MS/MS to measure plasma levels of amino acids. Type 2 diabetes was a pre-specified secondary outcome of the PREDIMED trial. RESULTS: Elevated plasma levels of individual BCAAs/AAAs were associated with higher type 2 diabetes risk after a median follow-up of 3.8 years: multivariable HR for the highest vs lowest quartile ranged from 1.32 for phenylalanine ([95% CI 0.90, 1.92], p for trend = 0.015) to 3.29 for leucine ([95% CI 2.03, 5.34], p for trend<0.001). Increases in BCAA score at 1 year were associated with higher type 2 diabetes risk in the control group with HR per SD = 1.61 (95% CI 1.02, 2.54), but not in the MedDiet groups (p for interaction <0.001). The MedDiet+extra-virgin olive oil significantly reduced BCAA levels after 1 year of intervention (p = 0.005 vs the control group). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our results support that higher baseline BCAAs and their increases at 1 year were associated with higher type 2 diabetes risk. A Mediterranean diet rich in extra-virgin olive oil significantly reduced the levels of BCAA and attenuated the positive association between plasma BCAA levels and type 2 diabetes incidence. Clinical trial number: SRCTN35739639 ( www.controlled-trials.com ). FAU - Ruiz-Canela, Miguel
Risk of peripheral artery disease according to a healthy lifestyle score: The PREDIMED study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The PREDIMED (PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea) is a multicentre trial analyzed as a prospective cohort study. A total of 7122 participants (aged 55-80 years) at high risk of cardiovascular disease in the PREDIMED trial were recruited in 11 centres in Spain. The prevalence of subjects with type 2 diabetes was 50%. Our objective was to determine the contribution of lifestyle factors to the development of peripheral artery disease (PAD). METHODS: Incident clinical PAD in relation to a healthy lifestyle 5-point score defined as adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), moderate alcohol intake, regular physical activity, normal weight (BMI<25) and non-smoking was measured. RESULTS: Eighty-seven incident PAD cases were diagnosed during a median follow-up of 4.8 years. Compared with participants with 0 or 1 healthy lifestyle factor, the multivariable hazard ratio for PAD was 0.65 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.37 to 1.14) for 2 factors, and 0.40 (0.22-0.72) for 3 or more. Moderate alcohol consumption, non-smoking, physical activity and following a MedDiet were significantly inversely associated with PAD whereas no association was found for normal weight (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). PAD risk monotonically decreased with an increasing number of lifestyle factors, and the greatest reduction was found for a score combining moderate alcohol consumption, MedDiet and physical activity or non-smoking. The multivariable-adjusted population attributable risk percent for the combination of these 4 factors was 80.5% (95% CI: 21.3%-95.1%). CONCLUSIONS: Our results demonstrate that a simple healthy lifestyle score is associated with a substantially reduced risk of PAD in a high cardiovascular risk population with a high prevalence (50%) of subjects with type 2 diabetes.
Strict vegetarian diet improves the risk factors associated with metabolic diseases by modulating gut microbiota and reducing intestinal inflammation.; Low-grade inflammation of the intestine results in metabolic dysfunction, in which dysbiosis of the gut microbiota is intimately involved. Dietary fibre induces prebiotic effects that may restore imbalances in the gut microbiota; however, no clinical trials have been reported in patients with metabolic diseases. Here, six obese subjects with type 2 diabetes and/or hypertension were assigned to a strict vegetarian diet (SVD) for 1 month, and blood biomarkers of glucose and lipid metabolisms, faecal microbiota using 454-pyrosequencing of 16S ribosomal RNA genes, faecal lipocalin-2 and short-chain fatty acids were monitored. An SVD reduced body weight and the concentrations of triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and haemoglobin A1c, and improved fasting glucose and postprandial glucose levels. An SVD reduced the Firmicutes-to-Bacteroidetes ratio in the gut microbiota, but did not alter enterotypes. An SVD led to a decrease in the pathobionts such as the Enterobacteriaceae and an increase in commensal microbes such as Bacteroides fragilis and Clostridium species belonging to clusters XIVa and IV, resulting in reduced intestinal lipocalin-2 and short-chain fatty acids levels. This study underscores the benefits of dietary fibre for improving the risk factors of metabolic diseases and shows that increased fibre intake reduces gut inflammation by changing the gut microbiota.
The epidemiology of Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Greek adults: the ATTICA study.; AIMS: Individuals with Type 2 diabetes are at high risk for coronary heart disease, and may benefit from aggressive lifestyle modification. We evaluated the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes, in a Greek adult population, in relation to physical activity and dietary habits. METHODS: From May 2001 to December 2002, we randomly enrolled 1514 men and 1528 women, with no evidence of cardiovascular or any other chronic disease. The sampling was stratified by the age and gender distribution of the general population in the greater area of Athens (census 2001). Diabetes was defined according to the established American Diabetes Association criteria. Dietary habits were assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire and a diet score was developed, in which higher values suggest greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Weekly energy expenditure was assessed by considering frequency, duration and intensity of sports-related physical activity during a usual week. RESULTS: After age adjustment for the Greek adult population (2001 census), the projected prevalence of Type 2 diabetes was 7.6% in men and 5.9% in women. A significant proportion of diabetic subjects (24% of men and 30% of women) were unaware of their condition. Moreover, a 10-unit increase in the diet score was associated with 21% lower odds of diabetes (P < 0.05), while individuals taking light physical activity were at 35% lower odds ratio of diabetes compared with sedentary individuals (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes mellitus is common in our population, with approximately 1 in 5 individuals with Type 2 diabetes being unaware of their condition. The lifestyle approach described here may contribute significantly to the reduction in the prevalence of diabetes, at a population level. FAU - Panagiotakos, D B
Food patterns and nutritional assessment in Galician university students.; The access of the young people to the university marks a fundamental break in their lives that may also result in a substantial change in their dietary habits. The aim of this study was to characterize the food patterns, body composition and biochemical profiles of Galician university students from the University of Santiago de Compostela (Campus de Lugo). A total of 62 students participated in this survey. For each individual, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, blood glucose and lipid profile were measured. Also, the participants filled questionnaires of dietary habits, Mediterranean and Atlantic diet adherence, risk of type II diabetes and physical activity, lifestyle and personal and family histories. A BMI within the normal range was shown by 72% of students. Eight volunteers (12.90%) presented high levels of total cholesterol (>200 mg/dL), and 54.55% of women had levels of HDL-cholesterol above 60 mg/dL. Five students had levels of glucose above 100 mg/dL, being four men and one woman. None of the participants presented high blood pressure, but 11.29% were in pre-hypertension status. The intake of carbohydrates was below the recommendations, while protein and lipids were above. There was an excessive consumption of bakery, alcohol beverages, sausages and ready-made food. The students showed medium adherence to Atlantic and Mediterranean diet and low risk of type II diabetes mellitus and a sedentary lifestyle. Since university students are a group especially prone to poor dietary habits, it seems necessary to promote changes towards healthier meals and rescue the Mediterranean-like dietary pattern. FAU - Porto-Arias, José J
Egg consumption and cardiovascular disease according to diabetic status: The PREDIMED study.; BACKGROUND: Eggs are a major source of dietary cholesterol and their consumption has been sometimes discouraged. A relationship between egg consumption and the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been suggested to be present exclusively among patients with type2 diabetes. AIMS: To assess the association between egg consumption and CVD in a large Mediterranean cohort where approximately 50% of participants had type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We prospectively followed 7216 participants (55-80 years old) at high cardiovascular risk from the PREDIMED (PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea) study for a mean of 5.8 years. All participants were initially free of CVD. Yearly repeated measurements of dietary information with a validated 137-item food-frequency questionnaire were used to assess egg consumption and other dietary exposures. The endpoint was the rate of major cardiovascular events (myocardial infarction, stroke or death from cardiovascular causes). RESULTS: A major cardiovascular event occurred in 342 participants. Baseline egg consumption was not significantly associated with cardiovascular events in the total population. Non-diabetic participants who ate on average >4 eggs/week had a hazard ratio (HR) of 0.96 (95% confidence interval, 0.33-2.76) in the fully adjusted multivariable model when compared with non-diabetic participants who reported the lowest egg consumption (<2 eggs/week). Among diabetic participants, the HR was 1.33 (0.72-2.46). There was no evidence of interaction by diabetic status. HRs per 500 eggs of cumulative consumption during follow-up were 0.94 (0.66-1.33) in non-diabetics and 1.18 (0.90-1.55) in diabetics. CONCLUSIONS: Low to moderated egg consumption was not associated with an increased CVD risk in diabetic or non-diabetic individuals at high cardiovascular risk. This trial was registered at controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639.
Low glycemic load diets protect against metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes mellitus in the male Nile rat.; BACKGROUND: Dietary modification helps prevent and manage Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) in humans and Nile rats. Specifically fibrous legumes, like lentils, benefit humans, but whether this reflects a specific change in the Glycemic Load (GLoad) remains controversial. Accordingly, low-GLoad foods were tested in the glucose-sensitive Nile rat. METHODS: 131 male Nile rats aged 3 weeks to 15 months were challenged during four experiments with 15 dietary exposures that varied Glycemic Index (GI, 36-88), GLoad (102-305/2000 kcal), and cumulative GLoad (Cum GLoad=days×GLoad, 181-537g total glucose). RESULTS: Lentil diets with low GLoads (102, 202) prevented, delayed, reduced, even reversed the progress of MetS and T2DM as measured by blood glucose (fasting, random, and oral glucose tolerance test) and plasma lipid parameters (plasma cholesterol and triglycerides) plus necropsy findings (liver and kidney pathology plus adipose reserves). The benefit from lentils exceeded dietary factors such as macronutrient composition (%Energy from carbohydrate:fat:protein, between 70:10:20 to 40:40:20), total fiber (0-24%), or dietary caloric density (2.9-4.7 kcal/g). The benefit of a low GLoad applied equally to rats inherently susceptible or resistant to T2DM, based on random glucose above or below 75 mg/dl, respectively, during interventions of 7-17 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Measuring total food intake and the novel concept of Cum GLoad during growth generated strong correlations (up to r=0.93) between Cum GLoad and parameters of MetS and T2DM, especially during sexual maturation. The present experiments confirm the applicability of male Nile rats to diet-induced human T2DM, and suggest dietary compositions to deter MetS and T2DM in humans.
UHPLC/QTOF-MS-based metabolomics reveal the effect of Melastoma dodecandrum extract in type 2 diabetic rats.; Context: Melastoma dodecandrum Lour. (Melastomataceae) is a traditional Chinese medicine. This is the first study to report a protective effect of the ethanol extract from M. dodecandrum (MDE) in type 2 diabetic (T2DM) rats.Objective: To investigate the therapeutic mechanism of MDE in T2DM rats.Materials and methods: Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat diet for 6 consecutive weeks, followed by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ) (30 mg/kg) to induce diabetes. T2DM rats were divided into untreated diabetic, metformin-treated and MDE-treated groups. Additionally, normal rats without treatment served as the control group (n = 6). Metformin (250 mg/kg) and MDE (600 mg/kg) were intragastrically administered to T2DM rats for 5 consecutive weeks. Serum samples were evaluated via ultra-performance liquid chromatography quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (UHPLC/QTOF-MS), followed by principal components analysis (PCA) and orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA).Results: The 17 identified potential biomarkers were mainly involved in lipid, amino acid, arachidonic acid, taurine and nicotinic acid metabolism. MDE also significantly reduced the level of fasting blood glucose (FBG), oral glucose tolerance, insulin, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), malondialdehyde (MDA), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alanine aminotransferase (ALT) and urea nitrogen (BUN) in T2DM rats. The high-density lipoprotein (HDL), serum creatinine (Scr), superoxide dismutase (SOD), catalase (CAT) and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) levels were elevated in MDE-treated group.Discussion and conclusion: MDE possesses substantial antidiabetic activity, especially in lipid disorder regulation. This suggests that the use of MDE can be generalized to broader pharmacological studies, such as obesity and hyperlipidaemia. FAU - Weng, Jingyu
Dietary factors and diabetes-related health outcomes in patients with type 2 diabetes: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective observational studies.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a major health concern associated with several comorbidities such as diabetic chronic kidney disease, neuropathy and cardiovascular diseases. Many of these complications may be preventable by an adequate lifestyle, including a favourable dietary behaviour, additionally to pharmacological management. In general, dietary guidelines for patients with diabetes recommend a hypocaloric diet to achieve a normal weight, but there is a lack of detailed instructions on specific nutrients and foods to prevent diabetes-related outcomes. Therefore, the aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis is to summarise the available evidence on the association between dietary factors and health-related outcomes in patients with T2D. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: A systematic literature search will be conducted in PubMed and Web of Science in May 2019 to identify prospective observational studies investigating dietary factors in association with major complications in patients with T2D. We will include studies investigating dietary patterns, food groups, foods, macronutrients and micronutrients as well as secondary plant compounds. As diabetes-related outcomes, we will include macrovascular (cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases) and microvascular outcomes (nephropathy, neuropathy and retinopathy), as well as cancer, quality of life, depression, cognitive disorders and mortality. We will conduct dose-response meta-analyses using random effects models. We will investigate heterogeneity across studies and publication bias. To assess the risk of bias and quality of the included studies, we will use the Cochrane risk of bias tool ROBINS-I and the quality of evidence will be assessed using Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: As the systematic review is based on published studies, ethical considerations are not required. The systematic review and meta-analysis will be published in a peer-reviewed Journal. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42018110669.
Association between vegetarian diets and cardiovascular risk factors in non-Hispanic white participants of the Adventist Health Study-2.; The association between dietary patterns and CVD risk factors among non-Hispanic whites has not been fully studied. Data from 650 non-Hispanic white adults who participated in one of two clinical sub-studies (about 2 years after the baseline) of the Adventist Health Study-2 (AHS-2) were analysed. Four dietary patters were identified using a validated 204-item semi-quantitative FFQ completed at enrolment into AHS-2: vegans (8·3 %), lacto-ovo-vegetarians (44·3 %), pesco-vegetarians (10·6 %) and non-vegetarians (NV) (37·3 %). Dietary pattern-specific prevalence ratios (PR) of CVD risk factors were assessed adjusting for confounders with or without BMI as an additional covariable. The adjusted PR for hypertension, high total cholesterol and high LDL-cholesterol were lower in all three vegetarian groups. Among the lacto-ovo-vegetarians the PR were 0·57 (95 % CI 0·45, 0·73), 0·72 (95 % CI 0·59, 0·88) and 0·72 (95 % CI 0·58, 0·89), respectively, which remained significant after additionally adjusting for BMI. The vegans and the pesco-vegetarians had similar PR for hypertension at 0·46 (95 % CI 0·25, 0·83) and 0·62 (95 % CI 0·42, 0·91), respectively, but estimates were attenuated and marginally significant after adjustment for BMI. Compared with NV, the PR of obesity and abdominal adiposity, as well as other CVD risk factors, were significantly lower among the vegetarian groups. Similar results were found when limiting analyses to participants not being treated for CVD risk factors, with the vegans having the lowest mean BMI and waist circumference. Thus, compared with the diet of NV, vegetarian diets were associated with significantly lower levels of CVD risk factors among the non-Hispanic whites. FAU - Matsumoto, Seiji
Dietary and physical activity of adult patients with type 2 diabetes in Zhejiang province of eastern China: Data from a cross-sectional study.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: Lifestyle management helps improve the clinical outcome of patients with type 2 diabetes. The present study aimed to obtain lifestyle data on the dietary and physical activity of adult type 2 diabetes patients in Zhejiang province of eastern China for better patient education and improvement of clinical management. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional survey of 607 adult type 2 diabetes patients was carried out in 12 hospitals within eight cities of Zhejiang province. Data were collected for sex, age, basic physical measurement (blood pressure, height, weight, waist circumference and hip circumference), dietary favor and habit (vegetarian diets vs meat diets, preference of salty or light flavors), detailed dietary intake (24-h recall method), as well as the weekly physical activity. RESULTS: The mean age of the patients in the analysis was 56.39 ± 12.29 years, and 38.71% of the patients had higher levels of body mass index than recommended. The average daily total energy intake was 1887.71 ± 575.10 kcal. The percentage of calories from carbohydrate, protein and fat were 61.36 ± 11.59%, 13.29 ± 3.37% and 25.35 ± 11.16%, respectively. For physical activity, the patients generally spent most of their daily time sitting and sleeping, and the time for moderate vigorous activity was limited. CONCLUSIONS: Adult patients with type 2 diabetes in Zhejiang province have a relatively high carbohydrate and low protein diet, with very limited physical activity. Patient education to achieve a better lifestyle intervention needs to improve in this region.
Effect of a Mediterranean diet on endothelial progenitor cells and carotid intima-media thickness in type 2 diabetes: Follow-up of a randomized trial.; Background We assessed the long-term effects of a Mediterranean diet on circulating levels of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) and the carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in patients with type 2 diabetes. Design This was a parallel, two-arm, single-centre trial. Methods Two hundred and fifteen men and women with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes were randomized to a Mediterranean diet ( n = 108) or a low-fat diet ( n = 107). The primary outcome measures were changes in the EPC count and the CIMT of the common carotid artery after the treatment period defined as the end of trial (EOT). Results At the EOT, both the CD34(+)KDR(+) and CD34(+)KDR(+)CD133(+) counts had increased with the Mediterranean diet compared with the low-fat diet ( p < 0.05 for both). At the EOT evaluation, there was a significant ( p = 0.024) difference of -0.025 mm in the CIMT favouring the Mediterranean diet. Compared with the low-fat diet, the rate of regression in the CIMT was higher in the Mediterranean diet group (51 vs. 26%), whereas the rate of progression was lower (25 vs. 50%) ( p = 0.032 for both). Changes in the CIMT were inversely correlated with the changes in EPC levels (CD34(+)KDR(+), r = -0.24, p = 0.020; CD34(+)KDR(+)CD133(+), r = -0.28, p = 0.014). At the EOT, changes in levels of HbA1c, HOMA, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure were significantly greater with the Mediterranean diet than with the low-fat diet. Conclusion Compared with a low-fat diet, a long-term trial with Mediterranean diet was associated with an increase in circulating EPCs levels and prevention of the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. FAU - Maiorino, Maria Ida
Co-administration of a konjac-based fibre blend and American ginseng (Panax quinquefolius L.) on glycaemic control and serum lipids in type 2 diabetes: a randomized controlled, cross-over clinical trial.; PURPOSE: Use of polypharmacy in the treatment of diabetes is the norm; nonetheless, optimal control is often not achieved. Konjac-glucomannan-based fibre blend (KGB) and American ginseng (AG) have individually been shown to improve glycaemia and CVD risk factors in type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine whether co-administration of KGB and AG could improve diabetes control beyond conventional treatment. METHOD: Thirty-nine participants with type 2 diabetes (6.5 > A1c < 8.4%) were enrolled between January 2002 and May 2003 at the Risk Factor Modification Centre at St Michaels Hospital in a randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover trial with each intervention lasting 12-weeks. Medications, diet and lifestyle were kept constant. Interventions consisted of 6 g of fibre from KGB together with 3 g of AG (KGB and AG) or wheat bran-based, fibre-matched control. Primary endpoint was the difference in HbA1c levels at week 12. RESULTS: Thirty participants (18M:12F; age: 64 ± 7 years; BMI: 28 ± 5 kg/m(2); HbA1c: 7.0 ± 1.0%) completed the study, and consumed 5.5 and 4.9 g/day of fibre from KGB and wheat bran control, respectively, and 2.7 g/day of AG. At week 12, HbA1c levels were 0.31% lower on the KGB and AG compared to control (p = 0.011). Mean (±SEM) plasma lipids decreased on the KGB and AG vs control by 8.3 ± 3.1% in LDL-C (p = 0.002), 7.5 ± 2.4% in non-HDL-C (p = 0.013), 5.7 ± 1.9% in total-C (p = 0.012), 4.1 ± 2.1% in total-C:HDL-C ratio (p = 0.042), 9.0 ± 2.3% in ApoB (p = 0.0005) and 14.6 ± 4.2% in ApoB:ApoA1 ratio (p = 0.049). CONCLUSIONS: Co-administration of KGB and AG increases the effectiveness of conventional therapy through a moderate but clinically meaningful reduction in HbA1c and lipid concentrations over 12 weeks in patients with type 2 diabetes. CLINICAL TRIALS REGISTRATION: NCT02806349 ( https://clinicaltrials.gov/ ). FAU - Jenkins, Alexandra L
Adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet and mortality in subjects with diabetes. Prospective results from the MOLI-SANI study.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with lower mortality in a general population but limited evidence exists on the effect of a Mediterranean diet on mortality in subjects with diabetes. We aim to examine the association between the Mediterranean diet and mortality in diabetic individuals. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study on 1995 type 2 diabetic subjects recruited within the MOLI-SANI study. METHODS: Food intake was recorded by the European Project Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition food frequency questionnaire. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was appraised by the Greek Mediterranean diet score. Hazard ratios were calculated using multivariable Cox-proportional hazard models. RESULTS: During follow-up (median 4.0 years), 109 all-cause including 51 cardiovascular deaths occurred. A 2-unit increase in Mediterranean diet score was associated with 37% (19%-51%) lower overall mortality. Data remained unchanged when restricted to those being on a hypoglycaemic diet or on antidiabetic drug treatment. A similar reduction was observed when cardiovascular mortality only was considered (hazard ratio = 0.66; 0.46-0.95). A Mediterranean diet-like pattern, originated from principal factor analysis, indicated a reduced risk of overall death (hazard ratio = 0.81; 0.62-1.07). The effect of Mediterranean diet score was mainly contributed by moderate alcohol drinking (14.7% in the reduction of the effect), high intake of cereals (12.2%), vegetables (5.8%) and reduced consumption of dairy and meat products (13.4% and 3.4% respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The traditional Mediterranean diet was associated with reduced risk of both total and cardiovascular mortality in diabetic subjects, independently of the severity of the disease. Major contributions were offered by moderate alcohol intake, high consumption of cereals, fruits and nuts and reduced intake of dairy and meat products.
Total and subtypes of dietary fat intake and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study.; Background: The associations between dietary fat and cardiovascular disease have been evaluated in several studies, but less is known about their influence on the risk of diabetes.Objective: We examined the associations between total fat, subtypes of dietary fat, and food sources rich in saturated fatty acids and the incidence of type 2 diabetes (T2D).Design: A prospective cohort analysis of 3349 individuals who were free of diabetes at baseline but were at high cardiovascular risk from the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study was conducted. Detailed dietary information was assessed at baseline and yearly during the follow-up using a food frequency questionnaire. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate T2D HRs and 95% CIs according to baseline and yearly updated fat intake.Results: We documented 266 incident cases during 4.3 y of follow-up. Baseline saturated and animal fat intake was not associated with the risk of T2D. After multivariable adjustment, participants in the highest quartile of updated intake of saturated and animal fat had a higher risk of diabetes than the lowest quartile (HR: 2.19; 95% CI: 1.28, 3.73; and P-trend = 0.01 compared with HR: 2.00; 95% CI: 1.29, 3.09; and P-trend < 0.01, respectively). In both the Mediterranean diet and control groups, participants in the highest quartile of updated animal fat intake had an ∼2-fold higher risk of T2D than their counterparts in the lowest quartile. The consumption of 1 serving of butter and cheese was associated with a higher risk of diabetes, whereas whole-fat yogurt intake was associated with a lower risk.Conclusions: In a Mediterranean trial focused on dietary fat interventions, baseline intake of saturated and animal fat was not associated with T2D incidence, but the yearly updated intake of saturated and animal fat was associated with a higher risk of T2D. Cheese and butter intake was associated with a higher risk of T2D, whereas whole-fat yogurt intake was associated with a lower risk of T2D. This trial was registered at www.isrctn.com as ISRCTN35739639.
The effects of a Mediterranean diet on the need for diabetes drugs and remission of newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: follow-up of a randomized trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the long-term effects of dietary interventions on glycemic control, need for diabetes medications, and remission of type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Originally, in a two-arm trial design, overweight, middle-aged men and women with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes were randomized to a low-carbohydrate Mediterranean diet (LCMD; n = 108) or a low-fat diet (n = 107). After 4 years, participants who were still free of diabetes medications were further followed up until the primary end point (need of a diabetic drug); remission of diabetes (partial or complete) and changes in weight, glycemic control, and cardiovascular risk factors were also evaluated. RESULTS: The primary end point was reached in all participants after a total follow-up of 6.1 years in the low-fat group and 8.1 years in the LCMD group; median survival time was 2.8 years (95% CI 2.4-3.2) and 4.8 years (4.3-5.2), respectively. The unadjusted hazard ratio for the overall follow-up was 0.68 (0.50-0.89; P < 0.001). LCMD participants were more likely to experience any remission (partial or complete), with a prevalence of 14.7% (13.0-16.5%) during the first year and 5.0% (4.4-5.6%) during year 6 compared with 4.1% (3.1-5.0%) at year 1 and 0% at year 6 in the low-fat diet group. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes, an LCMD resulted in a greater reduction of HbA1c levels, higher rate of diabetes remission, and delayed need for diabetes medication compared with a low-fat diet.
The Effect of a Vegetarian vs Conventional Hypocaloric Diabetic Diet on Thigh Adipose Tissue Distribution in Subjects with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study was to compare the effects of a vegetarian and a conventional diet on thigh adipose tissue distribution in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: Seventy-four subjects with T2D were randomly assigned to either follow a vegetarian diet (V, n = 37) or a control group who followed an isocaloric conventional anti-diabetic diet (C, n = 37). Both diets were calorie restricted (-500 kcal/day). To measure insulin sensitivity, the hyperinsulinemic (1 mU.kg(-1).min(-1)) isoglycemic clamp was conducted. β-Cell function was assessed using a mathematical model after a test meal. Magnetic resonance imaging of the thigh was performed. All subjects were examined at 0, 3, and 6 months. Statistical analyses were performed using repeated measures analysis of variance and a multivariate regression model. RESULTS: Greater reduction was observed in total leg area in V (-13.6 cm(2) [95% confidence interval [CI], -14.2 to -12.9] in V vs -9.9 cm(2) [95% CI, -10.6 to -9.2] in C; Gxt p < 0.001). The reduction in subcutaneous fat was comparable in response to both diets (Gxt, p = 0.64). Subfascial fat was reduced only in response to a vegetarian diet (-0.82 [95% CI, -1.13 to -0.55] cm(2) in V vs -0.44 [95% CI, -0.78 to +0.02] cm(2) in C; Gxt, p = 0.04). The reduction in intramuscular fat tended to be greater in response to a vegetarian diet (-1.78 [95% CI, -2.26 to -1.27] cm(2) in V vs -0.57 [95% CI, -1.06 to -0.09] cm(2) in C; Gxt, p = 0.12). Changes in subcutaneous and subfascial fat correlated with changes in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose, and β-cell insulin sensitivity. After adjustment for changes in body mass index (BMI), correlations remained significant for changes in fasting plasma glucose and β-cell insulin sensitivity and with changes in triglycerides. CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate the importance of both subcutaneous and subfascial fat in relationship to glucose and lipid metabolism. ABBREVIATIONS: BMI , body mass index; C , control group; FPG , fasting plasma glucose; Gxt , interaction between group and time; HbA1c , glycated hemoglobin; MCR , metabolic clearance rate of glucose; OPLS , orthogonal projections to latent structure; T2D , type 2 diabetes; V , vegetarian group. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids and fish consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Although dietary omega-3 (n-3) fatty acids may confer some cardiovascular benefits, it is unclear whether these nutrients may also unfavorably affect risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). OBJECTIVE: We evaluated whether dietary omega-3 fatty acids and fish consumption were associated with increased risk of T2D. DESIGN: This was a prospective study of 36,328 women (mean age: 54.6 y) who participated in the Women's Health Study and who were followed from 1992 to 2008. Incident T2D was self-reported and validated primarily through the collection of supplementary information from participants. Information on omega-3 and fish intakes was obtained by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. We used Cox proportional hazard models to estimate adjusted relative risks. RESULTS: During an average follow-up of 12.4 y, 2370 women developed T2D. Marine but not plant-based omega-3 fatty acids were positively associated with incident T2D. From the lowest to highest quintiles of marine omega-3 intake, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for T2D were 1.0 (referent), 1.17 (1.03, 1.33), 1.20 (1.05, 1.38), 1.46 (1.28, 1.66), and 1.44 (1.25, 1.65), respectively (P for trend < 0.0001). A similar association was observed with fish intake, but additional adjustment for docosahexaenoic acid led to the elimination of the association. The relation between marine omega-3 fatty acids and T2D was observed in hypertensive and nonhypertensive subjects and in women who reported infrequent fish consumption. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest an increased risk of T2D with the intake of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids, especially with higher intakes (≥ 0.20 g omega-3/d or ≥ 2 servings of fish/d). The Women's Health Study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00000479. FAU - Djoussé, Luc
Feasibility and Acceptability of a Clinic-based Mediterranean-style Diet Intervention to Reduce Cardiovascular Risk for Hispanic Americans With Type 2 Diabetes.; Purpose The purpose of the study was to modify a previously tested Spanish language version of a Mediterranean (Med)-style dietary intervention so that the dietary recommendations align with the cultural and social needs of Hispanic Americans (HAs) with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and evaluate the modified intervention's feasibility and acceptability. Methods In phase I (formative), semi-structured interviews and focus groups were used to refine the intervention content and format for delivery to HAs with T2D receiving care at a large primary care practice. In phase II (clinical pilot), the 2-month intervention that promoted a Med-style dietary pattern was given to all participants via 2 face-to-face counseling sessions and 2 telephone counseling sessions. Major outcomes were engagement with study activities and intervention acceptability; dietary behavior change at 2 months using the PREDIMED Med-diet score (range, 0-14, higher indicating better dietary pattern) is also reported. Results From clinic records, we identified 86 potentially eligible participants and enrolled 21. Baseline characteristics were: mean age = 52 years, 12 (57%) female, 15 (71%) from Mexico, mean years in the US = 19, low acculturation scores for all, and mean BMI = 33.7 kg/m(2). Engagement and acceptability were high, with 19 (90%) completing all intervention visits and follow-up measures, all of whom would recommend the program to others. Mean Med-diet score improved from 5.7 to 7.9 (difference = 2.3; 95% CI, 1.0-3.5; P = .001). Conclusions Intervention engagement and acceptability were high, and there was improvement in self-reported dietary behaviors. This type of intervention should be evaluated in randomized trials enrolling HAs with diabetes. FAU - Cubillos, Laura
Effectiveness of a multifactorial intervention based on an application for smartphones, heart-healthy walks and a nutritional workshop in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in primary care (EMID): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: New information and communication technologies (ICTs) may promote lifestyle changes, but no adequate evidence is available on their combined effect of ICTs with multifactorial interventions aimed at improving diet and increasing physical activity in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). The primary objective of this study is to assess the effect of a multifactorial intervention to increase physical activity and adherence to Mediterranean diet in DM2. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Study scope and population: The study will be conducted at 'La Alamedilla' primary care research unit in Salamanca (Spain). 200 patients with DM2 of both sexes, aged 25-70 years and who meet the inclusion criteria and sign the informed consent will be recruited. Each participant will attend the clinic at baseline and 3 and 12 months after intervention. INTERVENTION: Both groups will be given short advice on diet and physical activity. The intervention group will also take five heart-healthy walks and attend a group session on diet education and will be trained on use of an application for smartphone (EVIDENT II) for 3 months. VARIABLES AND MEASUREMENT INSTRUMENTS: The main study endpoints will be changes in physical activity, as assessed by a pedometer and the International Physical Activity Questionnaire, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet, as evaluated by an adherence questionnaire and the Diet Quality Index. Anthropometric parameters and laboratory values, lifestyles and quality of life will also be assessed. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: It was approved by the Clinical Research Ethics Committee of Salamanca on 28/11/2016. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT02991079; Pre-results.
Associations of the FTO rs9939609 and the MC4R rs17782313 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes are modulated by diet, being higher when adherence to the Mediterranean diet pattern is low.; BACKGROUND: Although the fat mass and obesity (FTO) and melanocortin-4 receptor (MC4R) genes have been consistently associated with obesity risk, the association between the obesity-risk alleles with type 2 diabetes is still controversial. In some recent meta-analyses in which significant results have been reported, the associations disappeared after adjustment for body mass index (BMI). However gene-diet interactions with dietary patterns have not been investigated. Our main aim was to analyze whether these associations are modulated by the level of adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet). METHODS: Case-control study in 7,052 high cardiovascular risk subjects (3,430 type 2 diabetes cases and 3,622 non-diabetic subjects) with no differences in BMI. Diet was assessed by validated questionnaires. FTO-rs9939609 and MC4R-rs17782313 were determined. An aggregate genetic score was calculated to test additive effects. Gene-diet interactions were analyzed. RESULTS: Neither of the polymorphisms was associated with type 2 diabetes in the whole population. However, we found consistent gene-diet interactions with adherence to the MedDiet both for the FTO-rs9939609 (P-interaction=0.039), the MC4R-rs17782313 (P-interaction=0.009) and for their aggregate score (P-interaction=0.006). When adherence to the MedDiet was low, carriers of the variant alleles had higher type 2 diabetes risk (OR=1.21, 95%CI: 1.03-1.40; P=0.019 for FTO-rs9939609 and OR=1.17, 95%CI:1.01-1.36; P=0.035 for MC4R-rs17782313) than wild-type subjects. However, when adherence to the MedDiet was high, these associations disappeared (OR=0.97, 95%CI: 0.85-1.16; P=0.673 for FTO-rs9939609 and OR=0.89, 95%CI:0.78-1.02; P=0.097 for MC4R-rs17782313). These gene-diet interactions remained significant even after adjustment for BMI. As MedDiet is rich in folate, we also specifically examined folate intake and detected statistically significant interaction effects on fasting plasma glucose concentrations in non-diabetic subjects. However these findings should be interpreted with caution because folate intake may simply reflect a healthy dietary pattern. CONCLUSIONS: These novel results suggest that the association of the FTO-rs9939609 and the MC4R-rs17782313 polymorphisms with type 2 diabetes depends on diet and that a high adherence to the MedDiet counteracts the genetic predisposition. FAU - Ortega-Azorín, Carolina
Association of B12 deficiency and clinical neuropathy with metformin use in type 2 diabetes patients.; CONTEXT: Long-term metformin use has been hypothesized to cause B12 deficiency and neuropathy in Type 2 diabetes patients. However, there is a paucity of Indian data regarding the same. AIM: To compare the prevalence of B12 deficiency and peripheral neuropathy in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with or without metformin. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We recruited patients with Type 2 diabetes and divided them into metformin exposed and nonmetformin exposed groups. We measured baseline demographic variables like age, sex, vegetarian status, and HbA1c levels in both groups. We compared vitamin B12 levels and severity of peripheral neuropathy (using Toronto Clinical Scoring System (TCSS)) in both groups. Definite B12 deficiency was defined as B12 <150 pg/ml and possible B12 deficiency as <220 pg/ml. The difference in vitamin B12 levels and TCSS was calculated in both groups using independent samples t-test. Spearman's rank correlation between cumulative metformin use and B12 level was calculated. Odds ratio of vitamin B12 deficiency in metformin exposed group was also estimated. RESULTS: Mean serum B12 levels was significantly lower in metformin exposed group (n=84) compared with nonmetformin exposed group (n=52) (410±230.7 versus 549.2±244.7, P=0.0011). Mean neuropathy score was significantly higher in metformin exposed group. (5.72±2.04 versus 4.62±2.12, P=0.0064). Odds ratio for possible B12 deficiency was 4.45 (95% CI 1.24-15.97). There was significant negative correlation between cumulative metformin dose and vitamin B12 level (r=-0.68, P<0.0001). CONCLUSION: Metformin use is associated with vitamin B12 deficiency and clinical neuropathy in Type 2 diabetes patients. FAU - Singh, A K
The effect of a vegetarian versus conventional hypocaloric diet on serum concentrations of persistent organic pollutants in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The aim of this study was to explore the effect of a vegetarian versus conventional diet on the serum levels of persistent organic pollutants (POPs) in patients with T2D after 12 weeks of dietary intervention and to assess their relationships with metabolic parameters. METHODS AND RESULTS: Men and women with T2D were randomly assigned to follow either a vegetarian diet without fish or meat (n = 37) or an isocaloric conventional antidiabetic diet (n = 37). Both diets were energy restricted (minus 500 kcal/day). All foods were provided to the participants. At randomization (week 0) and 12 weeks, the meal test was performed to assess the β-cell function and serum levels of 24 POPs. Dioxins and dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by isotope dilution high-resolution gas chromatography (HRGC) and mass spectrometry after cleanup of the silica and carbon columns. Non-dioxin-like POPs were analyzed by gas chromatography with an electron capture detector (GC-ECD). Statistical analyses used were repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA), a multivariate regression model, and Pearson's correlations. We observed a statistically nonsignificant trend toward increases in the serum levels of most POPs in response to both hypocaloric diets with no differences between groups. In the groups combined, the change in serum concentrations of total POPs was correlated to changes in HbA1c (r = +0.34; p < 0.01), fasting plasma glucose (r = +0.41; p < 0.01) levels, and β-cell function measured as insulin secretion at a reference glucose level (r = -0.37; p < 0.01), independent of the changes in body weight and volume of visceral fat. CONCLUSION: Short-term hypocaloric vegetarian and conventional diets did not reduce the POP levels, possibly due to mobilization of fat stores. Our findings support the relationship between POPs and diabetes, especially β-cell function. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00883038, completed.
Excess body iron and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a nested case-control in the PREDIMED (PREvention with MEDiterranean Diet) study.; A prospective nested case-control study within the PREvention with MEDiterranean Diet (PREDIMED) was conducted to evaluate the relationship between excess body Fe (measured as serum ferritin (SF), soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR) and sTfR:ferritin ratio) and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a Mediterranean population at a high risk of CVD, without T2DM at the start of the study. The study contained 459 subjects, 153 with incident T2DM (cases) and 306 without incident T2DM (controls). The follow-up period was for 6.0 (interquartile range 3.9-6.5) years. For each incident diabetic subject, two subjects were selected as controls who were matched broadly for age as well as for sex, intervention group and BMI. We observed a relationship between SF values >257 μg/l in males and >139 μg/l in females and the risk of T2DM, following adjustment in the conditional logistic regression model for high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, fasting glucose and other components of the metabolic syndrome (OR 3.62, 95% CI 1.32, 19.95; P= 0.022). We also found an association between low sTfR:ferritin ratio levels and the incidence of T2DM (OR 3.02, 95% CI 1.09, 8.39; P= 0.042), but no association with sTfR (OR 1.29, 95% CI 0.51, 3.23; P= 0.722). Oxidative stress has been hypothesised to contribute to the development of insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, the two key events in the clinical development of T2DM. Following adjustment for other risk factors for T2DM, excess body Fe (measured as SF and sTfR:ferritin ratio) was associated with an increased risk of developing T2DM in a Mediterranean population at a high risk of CVD. FAU - Arija, Victoria
Diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance development after gestational diabetes: A three-year, prospective, randomized, clinical-based, Mediterranean lifestyle interventional study with parallel groups.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) in later life. The study aim was to evaluate the efficacy of a lifestyle intervention for the prevention of glucose disorders (impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance or DM2) in women with prior GDM. METHODS: A total of 260 women with prior GDM who presented with normal fasting plasma glucose at six to twelve weeks postpartum were randomized into two groups: a Mediterranean lifestyle intervention group (n = 130) who underwent an educational program on nutrition and a monitored physical activity program and a control group (n = 130) with a conventional follow-up. A total of 237 women completed the three-year follow-up (126 in the intervention group and 111 in the control group). Their glucose disorders rates, clinical and metabolic changes and rates of adherence to the Mediterranean lifestyle were analyzed. RESULTS: Less women in the intervention group (42.8%) developed glucose disorders at the end of the three-year follow-up period compared with the control group (56.75%), p < 0.05. The multivariate analysis indicated a reduction in the rate of glucose disorders with a BMI of less than 27 kg/m(2) (OR 0.28; 0.12-0.65; p < 0.003), low fat intake pattern (OR 0.30; 0.13-0.70; p < 0.005), low saturated fat pattern (OR 0.30; 0.13-0.69; p < 0.005) and healthy fat pattern (OR 0.34; 0.12-0.94; p < 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle intervention was effective for the prevention of glucose disorders in women with prior GDM. Body weight gain and an unhealthy fat intake pattern were found to be the most predictive factors for the development of glucose disorders. Current Controlled trials: ISRCTN24165302. http://www.controlled-trials.com/isrctn/pf/24165302.
Evaluation of the burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus in population of Puducherry, South India.; AIMS: To find out the prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and the correlates among the adult population of Puducherry, South India. METHODS: In this population based cross-sectional study in the rural and urban field practice area of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Research Institute, Puducherry, by simple random sampling 1013 adults of 30 years and above, not on anti-diabetics drugs were included. Main outcome measures were the prevalence and correlates of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus among the adult population. Pre-designed and pre-tested questionnaire was used to elicit the information on family and individual socio-demographic variables. Height, weight, waist and hip circumference, blood pressure were measured and venous blood was collected to measure fasting blood glucose and blood cholesterol. RESULTS: Overall, 10.3% study subjects were diagnosed as diabetic. In univariate analysis age, dilatory habit, tobacco addiction, body mass index, waist hip ratio, hypertension, and total blood cholesterol were found statistically significant. In multivariate logistic regression (LR method) analysis age, residence, education, dietary habit, tobacco addiction, body mass index, waist hip ratio and total blood cholesterol were statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: In our study adults having increased age, urban residence, illiterate, non-vegetarian diet, tobacco addiction, obese and high total blood cholesterol were important correlates.
Favorable impact of a vegan diet with exercise on hemorheology: implications for control of diabetic neuropathy.; A little-noticed clinical report indicates that a low-fat, whole-food vegan diet, coupled with daily walking exercise, leads to rapid remission of neuropathic pain in the majority of type 2 diabetics expressing this complication. Concurrent marked improvements in glycemic control presumably contribute to this benefit, but are unlikely to be solely responsible. Consideration should be given to the possibility that improved blood rheology - decreased blood viscosity and increased blood filterability - plays a prominent role in mediating this effect. There is considerable evidence that neural hypoxia, secondary to impaired endoneurial microcirculatory perfusion, is a crucial etiologic factor in diabetic neuropathy; the unfavorable impact of diabetes on hemorheology would be expected to exacerbate endoneurial ischemia. Conversely, measures which improve blood fluidity would likely have a beneficial impact on diabetic neuropathy. There is indeed evidence that vegan diets, as well as exercise training, tend to decrease the viscosity of both whole blood and plasma; reductions in hematocrit and in fibrinogen may contribute to this effect. The fact that vegan diets decrease the white cell count is suggestive of an improvement in blood filterability as well; filterability improves with exercise training owing to an increase in erythrocyte deformability. Whether these measures influence the activation of leukocytes in diabetics - an important determinant of blood filterability - remains to be determined. There are various reasons for suspecting that a vegan diet can reduce risk for other major complications of diabetes - retinopathy, nephropathy, and macrovascular disease - independent of its tendency to improve glycemic control in type 2 patients. The vegan diet/exercise strategy represents a safe, 'low-tech' approach to managing diabetes that deserves far greater attention from medical researchers and practitioners. FAU - McCarty, Mark F
"A Vegetarian vs. Conventional Hypocaloric Diet: The Effect on Physical Fitness in Response to Aerobic Exercise in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes." A Parallel Randomized Study. LID - 671; It has been shown that it is possible to modify macronutrient oxidation, physical fitness and resting energy expenditure (REE) by changes in diet composition. Furthermore, mitochondrial oxidation can be significantly increased by a diet with a low glycemic index. The purpose of our trial was to compare the effects of a vegetarian (V) and conventional diet (C) with the same caloric restriction (-500 kcal/day) on physical fitness and REE after 12 weeks of diet plus aerobic exercise in 74 patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). An open, parallel, randomized study design was used. All meals were provided for the whole study duration. An individualized exercise program was prescribed to the participants and was conducted under supervision. Physical fitness was measured by spiroergometry and indirect calorimetry was performed at the start and after 12 weeks Repeated-measures ANOVA (Analysis of variance) models with between-subject (group) and within-subject (time) factors and interactions were used for evaluation of the relationships between continuous variables and factors. Maximal oxygen consumption (VO(2max)) increased by 12% in vegetarian group (V) (F = 13.1, p < 0.001, partial η² = 0.171), whereas no significant change was observed in C (F = 0.7, p = 0.667; group × time F = 9.3, p = 0.004, partial η² = 0.209). Maximal performance (Watt max) increased by 21% in V (F = 8.3, p < 0.001, partial η² = 0.192), whereas it did not change in C (F = 1.0, p = 0.334; group × time F = 4.2, p = 0.048, partial η² = 0.116). Our results indicate that V leads more effectively to improvement in physical fitness than C after aerobic exercise program. FAU - Veleba, Jiri
Mediterranean versus Western Diet Effects on Caloric Intake, Obesity, Metabolism, and Hepatosteatosis in Nonhuman Primates.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the effects of humanlike Western and Mediterranean diets on caloric intake, obesity, metabolism, and hepatosteatosis in an established nonhuman primate model of obesity, cardiometabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and atherosclerosis. METHODS: A 38-month, randomized, preclinical, nonhuman primate primary prevention trial of 38 socially housed, middle-aged adult females was conducted. The monkeys were characterized during a 7-month baseline phase while consuming chow and then randomized to either Western or Mediterranean diets; the groups were balanced on baseline characteristics. Western and Mediterranean diets were formulated to closely reflect human diets, matched on macronutrient content, with protein and fat derived largely from animal sources in the Western diet and plant sources in the Mediterranean diet. Food consumption, activity levels, energy expenditure, body composition, carbohydrate metabolism, and hepatosteatosis were measured during baseline and treatment phases. RESULTS: The Western diet increased caloric intake for the first 6 months and body fat, activity, energy expenditure, insulin resistance, and hepatosteatosis after 2.5 years, whereas the Mediterranean diet reduced triglyceride levels. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first report of differential caloric intake and obesity with long-term consumption of a Western versus Mediterranean diet under controlled experimental conditions and the first experimental evidence that a Mediterranean diet protects against hepatosteatosis compared with a Western diet.
Lifestyle recommendations for the prevention and management of metabolic syndrome: an international panel recommendation.; The importance of metabolic syndrome (MetS) lies in its associated risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, as well as other harmful conditions such as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In this report, the available scientific evidence on the associations between lifestyle changes and MetS and its components is reviewed to derive recommendations for MetS prevention and management. Weight loss through an energy-restricted diet together with increased energy expenditure through physical activity contribute to the prevention and treatment of MetS. A Mediterranean-type diet, with or without energy restriction, is an effective treatment component. This dietary pattern should be built upon an increased intake of unsaturated fat, primarily from olive oil, and emphasize the consumption of legumes, cereals (whole grains), fruits, vegetables, nuts, fish, and low-fat dairy products, as well as moderate consumption of alcohol. Other dietary patterns (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, new Nordic, and vegetarian diets) have also been proposed as alternatives for preventing MetS. Quitting smoking and reducing intake of sugar-sweetened beverages and meat and meat products are mandatory. Nevertheless, there are inconsistencies and gaps in the evidence, and additional research is needed to define the most appropriate therapies for MetS. In conclusion, a healthy lifestyle is critical to prevent or delay the onset of MetS in susceptible individuals and to prevent cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in those with existing MetS. The recommendations provided in this article should help patients and clinicians understand and implement the most effective approaches for lifestyle change to prevent MetS and improve cardiometabolic health.
Dietary carbohydrate: relationship to cardiovascular disease and disorders of carbohydrate metabolism.; The nature of carbohydrate is of considerable importance when recommending diets intended to reduce the risk of type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease and in the treatment of patients who already have established diseases. Intact fruits, vegetables, legumes and wholegrains are the most appropriate sources of carbohydrate. Most are rich in nonstarch polysaccharides (NSPs) (dietary fibre) and other potentially cardioprotective components. Many of these foods, especially those that are high in dietary fibre, will reduce total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and help to improve glycaemic control in those with diabetes. There is no good long-term evidence of benefit when NSPs or other components of wholegrains, fruits, vegetables and legumes are added to functional and manufactured foods. Frequent consumption of low glycaemic index foods has been reported to confer similar benefits, but it is not clear whether such benefits are independent of the dietary fibre content of these foods or the fact that low glycaemic index foods tend to have intact plant cell walls. Furthermore, it is uncertain whether functional and manufactured foods with a low glycaemic index confer the same long-term benefits as low glycaemic index plant-based foods. A wide range of carbohydrate intake is acceptable, provided the nature of carbohydrate is appropriate. Failure to emphasize the need for carbohydrate to be derived principally from wholegrain cereals, fruits, vegetables and legumes may result in increased lipoprotein-mediated risk of cardiovascular disease, especially in overweight and obese individuals who are insulin resistant. FAU - Mann, J
May the Mediterranean diet attenuate the risk of type 2 diabetes associated with obesity: the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort.; It is likely that the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) may mitigate the adverse effects of obesity on the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We assessed this hypothesis in a cohort of 18 225 participants initially free of diabetes (mean age: 38 years, 61 % women). A validated semi-quantitative 136-item FFQ was used to assess dietary intake and to build a 0-9 score of adherence to MedDiet. After a median of 9·5-year follow-up, 136 incident cases of T2DM were confirmed during 173 591 person-years follow-up. When MedDiet adherence was low (≤4 points), the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (HR) were 4·07 (95 % CI 1·58, 10·50) for participants with BMI 25-29·99 kg/m2 and 17·70 (95 % CI 6·29, 49·78) kg/m2 for participants with BMI≥30 kg/m2, (v.4 points), these multivariable-adjusted HR were 3·13 (95 % CI 1·63, 6·01) and 10·70 (95 % CI 4·98, 22·99) for BMI 25-30 and ≥30 kg/m2, respectively. The P value for the interaction was statistically significant (P=0·002). When we assessed both variables (BMI and MedDiet) as continuous, the P value for their interaction product-term was marginally significant (P=0·051) in fully adjusted models. This effect modification was not explained by weight changes during follow-up. Our results suggest that the MedDiet may attenuate the adverse effects of obesity on the risk of T2DM. FAU - Eguaras, Sonia
Body mass index and all-cause mortality among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: Findings from the 5-year follow-up of the MADIABETES cohort.; PURPOSE: To analyse the association between body mass index (BMI) and all-cause mortality in a 5-year follow-up study with Spanish type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients, seeking gender differences. METHODS: 3443 T2DM outpatients were studied. At baseline and annually, patients were subjected to anamnesis, a physical examination, and biochemical tests. Data about demographic and clinical characteristics was also recorded, as was the treatment each patient had been prescribed. Mortality records were obtained from the Spanish National Institute of Statistics. Survival curves for BMI categories (Gehan-Wilcoxon test) and a multivariate Cox proportional hazard analysis were performed to identify adjusted Hazard Ratios (HRs) of mortality. RESULTS: Mortality rate was 26.38 cases per 1000patient-years (95% CI, 23.92-29.01), with higher rates in men (28.43 per 1000patient-years; 95% CI, 24.87-32.36) than in women (24.31 per 1000patient-years; 95% CI, 21.02-27.98) (p=0.079). Mortality rates according to BMI categories were: 56.7 (95% CI, 40.8-76.6), 28.4 (95% CI, 22.9-34.9), 24.8 (95% CI, 21.5-28.5), 21 (95% CI, 16.3-26.6) and 23.7 (95% CI, 14.3-37) per 1000person-years for participants with a BMI of <23, 23-26.8, 26.9-33.1, 33.2-39.4, and >39.4kg/m(2), respectively. The BMI values associated with the highest all-cause mortality were <23kg/m(2), but only in males [HR: 2.78 (95% CI, 1.72-4.49; p<0.001)], since in females this association was not significant [HR: 1.14 (95% CI, 0.64-2.04; p=0.666)] (reference category for BMI: 23.0-26.8kg/m(2)). Higher BMIs were not associated with higher mortality rates. CONCLUSIONS: In an outpatient T2DM Mediterranean population sample, low BMI predicted all-cause mortality only in males.
Association between organic food consumption and metabolic syndrome: cross-sectional results from the NutriNet-Santé study.; PURPOSE: Metabolic syndrome (MetS), a multicomponent condition, is a cardiovascular disease predictor. Although exposure to agricultural pesticides has been suggested as a potential contributor to the rising rates of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and other features of metabolic disorders, no studies have focused on the association between consumption of organic food (produced without synthetic pesticides) and MetS. We aimed to investigate the cross-sectional association between organic food consumption and MetS in French adults to determine whether it would be worth conducting further studies, particularly large prospective and randomised trials. METHODS: A total of 8174 participants from the NutriNet-Santé study who attended a clinical visit and completed an organic food frequency questionnaire were included in this cross-sectional analysis. We evaluated the association between the proportion of organic food in the diet (overall and by food group) and MetS using Poisson regression models while adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Higher organic food consumption was negatively associated with the prevalence of MetS: adjusted prevalence ratio was 0.69 (95% CI 0.61, 0.78) when comparing the third tertile of proportion of organic food in the diet with the first one (p value <0.0001). Higher consumption of organic plant-based foods was also related to a lower probability of having MetS. In addition, when stratifying by lifestyle factors (nutritional quality of the diet, smoking status, and physical activity), a significant negative association was detected in each subgroup (p values <0.05), except among smokers. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that a higher organic food consumption was associated with a lower probability of having MetS. Additional prospective studies and randomised trials are required to ascertain the relationship between organic food consumption and metabolic disorders. FAU - Baudry, Julia
Dietary approaches to stop hypertension, mediterranean dietary pattern, and diabetic nephropathy in women with type 2 diabetes: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The association between dietary habits and kidney function in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) has been poorly investigated. We aimed to test the relationship between adherences to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and the Mediterranean dietary pattern (Med diet) and likelihood of diabetic nephropathy (DN) in women with T2D. METHODS: In a case-control study, 105 women with T2D and DN (albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 30 mg/g, mean age: 55.3 ± 7.0 years; diabetes duration: 7.6 ± 2.2 years), and 105 controls with T2D and without DN (mean age: 55.4 ± 7.1 years; diabetes duration: 7.6 ± 2.1 years) who attended at Kowsar diabetes clinic in Semnan, Iran were matched for age and diabetes duration. Dietary intakes were assessed using a validated 147-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. The DASH and Med diet scores were calculated using the methods developed by Fung and Trichopoulou, respectively. A generalized estimating equation model was used to examine the relationship between dietary scores and odds of DN across tertiles of dietary patterns scores. RESULTS: Type 2 diabetic women with moderate and high Med diet scores had 62% and 86% lower odds of DN in comparison with low adherent (ORs: 0.38, 95%CI: 0.20, 0.73; and 0.14, 95%CI: 0.06, 0.33; respectively). A moderate adherence to the DASH diet was not associated with risk of DN, but a significant inverse relationship was found in those with high adherence (OR: 0.71, 95%CI: 0.57, 0.90). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the DASH and Med diets was inversely and dose-dependently associated with risk of DN. Further observational studies are needed to confirm the present results.
A Plant-Based Meal Increases Gastrointestinal Hormones and Satiety More Than an Energy- and Macronutrient-Matched Processed-Meat Meal in T2D, Obese, and Healthy Men: A Three-Group Randomized Crossover Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11010157 [doi] LID - 157; Gastrointestinal hormones are involved in regulation of glucose metabolism and satiety. We tested the acute effect of meal composition on these hormones in three population groups. A randomized crossover design was used to examine the effects of two energy- and macronutrient-matched meals: a processed-meat and cheese (M-meal) and a vegan meal with tofu (V-meal) on gastrointestinal hormones, and satiety in men with type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 20), obese men (O, n = 20), and healthy men (H, n = 20). Plasma concentrations of glucagon-like peptide -1 (GLP-1), amylin, and peptide YY (PYY) were determined at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min. Visual analogue scale was used to assess satiety. We used repeated-measures Analysis of variance (ANOVA) for statistical analysis. Postprandial secretion of GLP-1 increased after the V-meal in T2D (by 30.5%; 95%CI 21.2 to 40.7%; p < 0.001) and H (by 15.8%; 95%CI 8.6 to 23.5%; p = 0.01). Postprandial plasma concentrations of amylin increased in in all groups after the V-meal: by 15.7% in T2D (95%CI 11.8 to 19.6%; p < 0.001); by 11.5% in O (95%CI 7.8 to 15.3%; p = 0.03); and by 13.8% in H (95%CI 8.4 to 19.5%; p < 0.001). An increase in postprandial values of PYY after the V-meal was significant only in H (by 18.9%; 95%CI 7.5 to 31.3%; p = 0.03). Satiety was greater in all participants after the V-meal: by 9% in T2D (95%CI 4.4 to 13.6%; p = 0.004); by 18.7% in O (95%CI 12.8 to 24.6%; p < 0.001); and by 25% in H (95%CI 18.2 to 31.7%; p < 0.001). Our results indicate there is an increase in gut hormones and satiety, following consumption of a single plant-based meal with tofu when compared with an energy- and macronutrient-matched processed-meat meat and cheese meal, in healthy, obese and diabetic men. FAU - Klementova, Marta
Greater adherence to a Mediterranean Diet is associated with better gait speed in older adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Older adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are vulnerable to the physical frailty phenotype. Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) is emerging as a potential dietary strategy to attenuate physical disability with age. This cross-sectional analysis aimed to explore the association between adherence to a MedDiet and characteristics of the physical frailty phenotype in older adults with T2DM. METHODS: Adherence to a MedDiet was assessed using two dietary adherence tools: [1] alternate Mediterranean Food Score (MED); [2] Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener (MEDAS). The short physical performance battery (SPPB) and gait speed was used to evaluate lower extremity physical function. Frailty was defined as having three of the following: exhaustion, low muscle strength, low physical activity, slow gait speed, and weight loss. Multiple regression analysis was used to summarise associations between dietary adherence, SPPB score, gait speed and muscle strength adjusted for age, physical activity and time since T2DM diagnosis. RESULTS: A total of n = 87 participants (71.2 ± 8.2 years) were included. A total of n = 6 (∼7%) and n = 32 (∼37%) participants were identified as frail and pre-frail respectively. After adjustment for age, physical activity and time since T2DM diagnosis, greater adherence to a MedDiet, using both adherence tools, was significantly associated with better gait speed (MED: β = 0.365; P = 0.002; MEDAS: β = 0.313; P = 0.007). When assessing the individual dietary elements included in the MED score, fish and seafood consumption was the single significant contributor to better gait speed (β = 0.229; P = 0.05). Nil associations were observed when assessing adherence against muscle strength. CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to a MedDiet was associated with better lower extremity physical performance in older adults with T2DM. Future studies should investigate the efficacy of a MedDiet intervention for attenuation of physical frailty characteristics in older adults with T2DM.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet and 10-year incidence (2002-2012) of diabetes: correlations with inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers in the ATTICA cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this work was to investigate the links between oxidative stress, inflammation and coagulation and their effect on Mediterranean diet-diabetes relationship. METHODS: In 2001-2002, a random sample of 1514 men (18-87 years old) and 1528 women (18-89 years old) was selected to participate in the ATTICA study, where Athens is the major metropolis. A validated questionnaire was used to assess lifestyle and dietary factors. Adherence to Mediterranean diet was recorded using MedDietScore. Among others, oxidative stress and inflammatory biomarkers were recorded. During 2011-2012, the 10-year follow-up was performed. Diabetes incidence was defined according to the American Diabetes Association criteria. RESULTS: A total of 191 incident cases of diabetes were documented, yielding an incidence of 12.9% (13.4% in men and 12.4% in women). Medium and high adherence was found to decrease diabetes risk by 49% (95% CI: 0.30, 0.88) and 62% (95% CI: 0.16, 0.88), respectively, compared with low adherence. A logarithmic trend between Mediterranean diet and diabetes incidence was also revealed (p for trend = 0.042). Individuals with abnormal waist circumference (>94 for men, >80 for women) were benefited the most. Wholegrain cereals, fruits and legumes had the greatest predictive ability. The anti-diabetic effect of Mediterranean diet correlated with measurements of tumour necrosis factor-α, homocysteine and total antioxidant capacity. CONCLUSIONS: The reported results support the role of Mediterranean diet as a promising dietary tool for the primary prevention of diabetes, by attenuating inflammation and fostering total antioxidant capacity. This dietary pattern may have therapeutic potential for many cardiometabolic disorders associated with inflammation and/or oxidative stress.
High plasma glutamate and low glutamine-to-glutamate ratio are associated with type 2 diabetes: Case-cohort study within the PREDIMED trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Glutamate, glutamine are involved in energy metabolism, and have been related to cardiometabolic disorders. However, their roles in the development of type-2 diabetes (T2D) remain unclear. The aim of this study was to examine the effects of Mediterranean diet on associations between glutamine, glutamate, glutamine-to-glutamate ratio, and risk of new-onset T2D in a Spanish population at high risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS AND RESULTS: The present study was built within the PREDIMED trial using a case-cohort design including 892 participants with 251 incident T2D cases and 641 non-cases. Participants (mean age 66.3 years; female 62.8%) were non diabetic and at high risk for CVD at baseline. Plasma levels of glutamine and glutamate were measured at baseline and after 1-year of intervention. Higher glutamate levels at baseline were associated with increased risk of T2D with a hazard ratio (HR) of 2.78 (95% CI, 1.43-5.41, P for trend = 0.0002). In contrast, baseline levels of glutamine (HR: 0.64, 95% CI, 0.36-1.12; P for trend = 0.04) and glutamine-to-glutamate ratio (HR: 0.31, 95% CI, 0.16-0.57; P for trend = 0.0001) were inversely associated with T2D risk when comparing extreme quartiles. The two Mediterranean diets (MedDiet + EVOO and MedDiet + mixed nuts) did not alter levels of glutamine and glutamate after intervention for 1 year. However, MedDiet mitigated the positive association between higher baseline plasma glutamate and T2D risk (P for interaction = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Higher levels of glutamate and lower levels of glutamine were associated with increased risk of T2D in a Spanish population at high risk for CVD. Mediterranean diet might mitigate the association between the imbalance of glutamine and glutamate and T2D risk. This trial is registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com, ISRCTN35739639.
The Association between Mediterranean Diet and the Risk of Falls and Physical Function Indices in Older Type 2 Diabetic People Varies by Age. LID - 10.3390/nu10060767 [doi] LID - 767; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Diabetes and dysglycemia increase the risk of frailty and decreased physical abilities. Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD) may reduce this risk. We hypothesized that adherence to the MD is associated with physical function in older type-2 diabetic patients and that the association is stratified by age. METHODS AND RESULTS: We recruited type-2 diabetes patients aged >60 years at the Center for Successful Aging with Diabetes at Sheba Medical Center. Health status and demographic data were obtained from medical records. Food Frequency Questionnaire was used for nutritional assessment and calculation of MD score. Physical function indices were determined by a physiotherapist and included: Berg Balance test, Timed Get-Up-and-Go, 6-min walk (6 MW), 10-m walk (10 MW), Four Square Step Test, 30-s chair stand and Grip strength, and activities and instrumental activities of daily living. Among 117 participants (age 70.6 ± 6.5), high adherence to MD was associated with better score on functional tests (low vs. high MD adherence: 9.7% vs. 25%, ANOVA p = 0.02). A significant age by MD interaction was found: a higher adherence to MD was associated with a better 6 MW (low vs. high: 387 ± 35 m vs. 483 ± 26 m; p = 0.001) and higher 10 MW (low vs. high: 1.8 ± 0.16 m/s vs. 2.0 ± 0.13 m/s; p = 0.02) in participants aged >75 years. These associations remained significant after controlling for gender, age, BMI, and physical activity. CONCLUSION: In the current study, we showed relationships between strength, physical performance, and MD among older diabetic patients. Future studies are needed to confirm this association and establish temporal relationships. FAU - Tepper, Sigal
Hypoglycemic and Hypolipidemic Effects of Phellinus Linteus Mycelial Extract from Solid-State Culture in A Rat Model of Type 2 Diabetes. LID - 10.3390/nu11020296 [doi] LID - 296; Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects of P. linteus have been observed in numerous studies, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are unclear. In this study, we prepared P. linteus extract (PLE) from mycelia of solid-state culture, and evaluated its hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic effects in rat models of high-fat diet (HFD)-induced and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ)-induced type 2 diabetes. PLE treatment effectively reduced blood glucose levels, and improved insulin resistance and lipid and lipoprotein profiles. The hypoglycemic effect of PLE was based on inhibition of key hepatic gluconeogenesis enzymes (FBPase, G6Pase) expression and hepatic glycogen degradation, and consequent reduction of hepatic glucose production. PLE also: (i) enhanced expression of CPT1A and ACOX1 (key proteins involved in fatty acid β-oxidation) and low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) in liver, thus promoting clearance of triglycerides and LDL-C; (ii) inhibited expression of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A reductase (HMGCR) in liver, thus reducing cholesterol production; (iii) displayed strong hepatoprotective and renal protective effects. Our findings indicate that PLE has strong potential functional food application in adjuvant treatment of type 2 diabetes with dyslipidemia. FAU - Liu, Yangyang
Amino acid changes during transition to a vegan diet supplemented with fish in healthy humans.; PURPOSE: To explore whether changes in dietary protein sources can lower plasma branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), aromatic amino acids and sulfur amino acids (SAAs) that are often elevated in the obese, insulin-resistant state and in type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Thirty-six subjects (mean age 31 ± 2 years) underwent a voluntary abstinence from meat, poultry, eggs, and dairy products for 6 weeks, while enriching the diet with fish, in fulfillment of a religious fast. Subjects were assessed 1 week before the fast (V1), 1 week after initiation of the fast (V2) and in the last week of the fast (V3). Thirty-four subjects completed all three visits. RESULTS: Fasting plasma BCAAs decreased at V2 and remained low at V3 (P < 0.001 for all). Valine showed the greatest decline, by 20 and 19 % at V2 and V3, respectively. Phenylalanine and tryptophan, but not tyrosine, also decreased at V2 and V3. The two proteinogenic SAAs, methionine and cysteine, remained stable, but the cysteine product, taurine, decreased from 92 ± 7 μmol/L to 66 ± 6 (V2; P = 0.003) and 65 ± 6 μmol/L (V3; P = 0.003). A progressive decline in plasma glutamic acid, coupled with an increase in glutamine, was observed. Plasma total and LDL cholesterol decreased at V2 and V3 (P < 0.001 for all). CONCLUSION: Changing dietary protein sources to plant- and fish-based sources in an ad libitum setting lowers the plasma BCAAs that have been linked to diabetes risk. These findings point to habitual diet as a potentially modifiable determinant of fasting plasma BCAA concentrations. FAU - Elshorbagy, Amany
Effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on cardiometabolic risk factors in diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to summarize the evidence for the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns on glycemic control and other established cardiometabolic risk factors in individuals with diabetes. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases through February 26, 2018 for randomized controlled trials ≥3 weeks assessing the effect of vegetarian dietary patterns in individuals with diabetes. The primary outcome was HbA(1c). Secondary outcomes included other markers of glycemic control, blood lipids, body weight/adiposity, and blood pressure. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Data were pooled by the generic inverse variance method and expressed as mean differences (MD) with 95% CIs. Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I(2) statistic). The overall certainty of the evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. RESULTS: Nine trials (n = 664 participants) met the eligibility criteria. Vegetarian dietary patterns significantly lowered HbA(1c) (MD = -0.29% [95% CI: -0.45, -0.12%]), fasting glucose (MD = -0.56 mmol/L [95% CI: -0.99, -0.13 mmol/L]), LDL-C (MD = -0.12 mmol/L [95% CI: -0.20, -0.04 mmol/L]), non-HDL-C (MD = -0.13 mmol/L [95% CI: -0.26, -0.01 mmol/L]), body weight (MD = -2.15 kg [95% CI: -2.95, -1.34 kg]), BMI (MD = -0.74 kg/m(2) [95% CI: -1.09, -0.39 kg/m(2)]) and waist circumference (MD = -2.86 cm [95% CI: -3.76, -1.96 cm]). There was no significant effect on fasting insulin, HDL-C, triglycerides or blood pressure. The overall certainty of evidence was moderate but was low for fasting insulin, triglycerides and waist circumference. CONCLUSION: Vegetarian dietary patterns improve glycemic control, LDL-C, non-HDL-C, and body weight/adiposity in individuals with diabetes, supporting their inclusion for diabetes management. More research is needed to improve our confidence in the estimates. CLINICALTRIALS. GOV IDENTIFIER: NCT02600377.
[Modern methods of correction of systemic inflammation and insulin resistance by patients with coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus type 2].; Mediterranean diet and regular exercise are the best means to reduce the systemic smoldering inflammation (SI) and insulin resistance (IR). Of drugs prescribed to patients with diabetes mellitus type 2, have the greatest effect receptor agonists that activate the peroxisome proliferator (PPAR], activators of incretine and metformin. Debate the use of "submaximal" double and triple agonist PPAR. Sulfonylurea drugs have very weak anti-inflammatory effect and is not reduce insulin resistance, and insulin as monotherapy increases IR. FAU - Rasin, M S
Effects of 7 days on an ad libitum low-fat vegan diet: the McDougall Program cohort.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidence, reinforced by clinical and laboratory studies, shows that the rich Western diet is the major underlying cause of death and disability (e.g, from cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes) in Western industrialized societies. The objective of this study is to document the effects that eating a low-fat (≤10% of calories), high-carbohydrate (~80% of calories), moderate-sodium, purely plant-based diet ad libitum for 7 days can have on the biomarkers of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of measurements of weight, blood pressure, blood sugar, and blood lipids and estimation of cardiovascular disease risk at baseline and day 7 from 1615 participants in a 10-day residential dietary intervention program from 2002 to 2011. Wilcoxon's signed-rank test was used for testing the significance of changes from baseline. RESULTS: The median (interquartile range, IQR) weight loss was 1.4 (1.8) kg (p < .001). The median (IQR) decrease in total cholesterol was 22 (29) mg/dL (p < .001). Even though most antihypertensive and antihyperglycemic medications were reduced or discontinued at baseline, systolic blood pressure decreased by a median (IQR) of 8 (18) mm Hg (p < .001), diastolic blood pressure by a median (IQR) of 4 (10) mm Hg (p < .001), and blood glucose by a median (IQR) of 3 (11) mg/dL (p < .001). For patients whose risk of a cardiovascular event within 10 years was >7.5% at baseline, the risk dropped to 5.5% (>27%) at day 7 (p < .001). CONCLUSIONS: A low-fat, starch-based, vegan diet eaten ad libitum for 7 days results in significant favorable changes in commonly tested biomarkers that are used to predict future risks for cardiovascular disease and metabolic diseases. FAU - McDougall, John
Mediterranean diet and glycaemic load in relation to incidence of type 2 diabetes: results from the Greek cohort of the population-based European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC).; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The role of diet in the prevention of diabetes remains uncertain. The aim of this study was to investigate two different dietary aspects, i.e. adherence to the Mediterranean diet and glycaemic load (GL), in relation to diabetes occurrence. METHODS: We analysed data from the Greek cohort of the population-based European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC). From a total of 22,295 participants, actively followed for a median of 11.34 years, 2,330 cases of incident type 2 diabetes were recorded. All participants completed a validated, interviewer-administered semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire at enrolment. From this information, we calculated a ten point Mediterranean diet score (MDS), reflecting adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet, as well as the dietary GL. We estimated HRs and the corresponding 95% CIs of diabetes using Cox proportional hazards regression models adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: A higher MDS was inversely associated with diabetes risk (HR 0.88 [95% CI 0.78, 0.99] for MDS ≥ 6 vs MDS ≤ 3). GL was positively associated with diabetes (HR 1.21 [95% CI 1.05, 1.40] for the highest vs the lowest GL quartile). A significant protection of about 20% was found for a diet with a high MDS and a low GL. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: A low GL diet that also adequately adheres to the principles of the traditional Mediterranean diet may reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Rossi, M
Effects of Mediterranean diet on sexual function in people with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: The MÈDITA trial.; AIMS: To assess the long-term effect of Mediterranean diet, as compared with low-fat diet, on sexual function in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In a randomized clinical trial, with a total follow-up of 8.1years, 215 men and women with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes were assigned to Mediterranean diet (n=108) or a low-fat diet (n=107). The primary outcome measures were changes of erectile function (IIEF) in diabetic men and of female sexual function (FSFI) in diabetic women. RESULTS: There was no difference in baseline sexual function in men (n=54 vs 52) or women (n=54 vs 55) randomized to Mediterranean diet or low-fat diet, respectively (P=0.287, P=0.815). Over the entire follow-up, the changes of the primary outcomes were significantly lower in the Mediterranean diet group compared with the low-fat group: IIEF and FSFI showed a significantly lesser decrease (1.22 and 1.18, respectively, P=0.024 and 0.019) with the Mediterranean diet. Baseline C-reactive protein levels predicted erectile dysfunction in men but not female sexual dysfunction in women. CONCLUSIONS: Among persons with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes, a Mediterranean diet reduced the deterioration of sexual function over time in both sexes.
Turning the Waiting Room into a Classroom: Weekly Classes Using a Vegan or a Portion-Controlled Eating Plan Improve Diabetes Control in a Randomized Translational Study.; BACKGROUND: In research settings, plant-based (vegan) eating plans improve diabetes management, typically reducing weight, glycemia, and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol concentrations to a greater extent than has been shown with portion-controlled eating plans. OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to test whether similar benefits could be found using weekly nutrition classes in a typical endocrinology practice, hypothesizing that a vegan eating plan would improve glycemic control, weight, lipid concentrations, blood pressure, and renal function and would do so more effectively than a portion-controlled eating plan. DESIGN: In a 20-week trial, participants were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan or portion-controlled eating plan. PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: Individuals with type 2 diabetes treated in a single endocrinology practice in Washington, DC, participated (45 starters, 40 completers). INTERVENTION: Participants attended weekly after-hours classes in the office waiting room. The vegan plan excluded animal products and added oils and favored low-glycemic index foods. The portion-controlled plan included energy intake limits for weight loss (typically a deficit of 500 calories/day) and provided guidance on portion sizes. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body weight, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), plasma lipids, urinary albumin, and blood pressure were measured. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: For normally distributed data, t tests were used; for skewed outcomes, rank-based approaches were implemented (Wilcoxon signed-rank test for within-group changes, Wilcoxon two-sample test for between-group comparisons, and exact Hodges-Lehmann estimation to estimate effect sizes). RESULTS: Although participants were in generally good metabolic control at baseline, body weight, HbA1c, and LDL cholesterol improved significantly within each group, with no significant differences between the two eating plans (weight: -6.3 kg vegan, -4.4 kg portion-controlled, between-group P=0.10; HbA1c, -0.40 percentage point in both groups, P=0.68; LDL cholesterol -11.9 mg/dL vegan, -12.7 mg/dL portion-controlled, P=0.89). Mean urinary albumin was normal at baseline and did not meaningfully change. Blood pressure changes were not significant. CONCLUSIONS: Weekly classes, integrated into a clinical practice and using either a low-fat vegan or portion-controlled eating plan, led to clinical improvements in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Lupinus mutabilis Extract Exerts an Anti-Diabetic Effect by Improving Insulin Release in Type 2 Diabetic Goto-Kakizaki Rats. LID - 10.3390/nu10070933 [doi] LID - 933; Lupinus mutabilis (LM) is a legume part of Bolivian traditional diet that has a nutraceutical property reducing blood glucose levels. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide thus; the search for novel anti-diabetic drugs is needed. Based on its traditional use, we evaluated the anti-diabetic effect of LM in the spontaneously diabetic Goto-Kakizaki (GK) rat, a model of type 2 diabetes and in Wistar (W) rats as healthy control. LM seeds hydroethanolic extract, analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry and high-performance liquid chromatography-high resolution mass spectrometry, is a complex mixture of volatile and non-volatile components. A single oral administration of LM extract (2000 mg/kg b.w.) improved glucose tolerance during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (30⁻120 min) in GK and W rats (p < 0.0001). The long-term treatment with LM (1000 mg/kg b.w.), for 21 days, improved the area under the curve (AUC) of glucose during OGTT at day 20, in both GK (p < 0.01) and W rats (p < 0.01). The HbA1c (GK rats, p < 0.05 and W rats, p < 0.0001) and the non-fasting glucose (GK rats, p < 0.05) were also reduced. LM increased both serum insulin levels (2.4-fold in GK rats and 2.5-fold W rats), and the glucose-induced (16.7 mM glucose) insulin release in isolated islets from treated animals (6.7-fold in GK rats, and 6.6-fold in W rats). Moreover, LM (10 mg/mL) stimulated in vitro glucose induced (16.7 mM glucose) insulin release in batch incubated GK and W rat islets (p < 0.0001). In perifused GK rat islets, insulin release in 16.7 mM glucose was increased 95.3-fold compared to untreated islets (p < 0.0001), while no significant differences were found in perifused W rat islets. The LM mechanism of action, evaluated using inhibitory compounds of the insulin secretion pathway, showed that LM-dependent insulin secretion was reduced 42% by diazoxide (p < 0.001), 70% by nifedipine (p < 0.001), 86.7% by H89 (p < 0.0001), 70.8% by calphostine-C (p < 0.0001) and 93% by pertussis toxin (p < 0.0001). A similar effect was observed in W rats islets. Our findings provide evidence that LM has an anti-diabetic effect through stimulation of insulin release. The effect is-dependent on L-type calcium channel, protein kinase A and C systems, and G protein-coupled exocytosis and is partially mediated by K-ATP channels. FAU - Zambrana, Silvia
Dietary myricetin intake is inversely associated with the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus in a Chinese population.; Myricetin is a natural plant-derived inhibitor for α-glucosidase and α-amylase and possesses strong antioxidant activity. Myricetin is reported to be effective in treating many symptoms that are associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), therefore, we hypothesized that myricetin plays a preventive role in the development of T2DM. To test this hypothesis, we designed a cross-sectional population study, which included 24 138 subjects, with 1357 of them diagnosed with T2DM. A validated 100-item food frequency questionnaire was used to collect dietary information. Daily intakes of myricetin and nutrients were calculated, based on the Chinese food composition tables. Multiple logistic regression analysis models were used to analyze the relationship between the quartiles of myricetin intake and the prevalence of T2DM. We found that, in this Chinese population, the daily intake of myricetin was 120.5 ± 95.7 mg, with apple, peach, orange, pineapple, and sweet potato being the main food sources. Significant inverse trends were observed between intakes of myricetin and prevalence of T2DM in multivariable models (all p-trend <0.0001). The odds ratios (95% CI) for T2DM across the ascending quartiles of myricetin intake were: 1.00 (reference), 0.73 (0.61, 0.87), 0.61 (0.50, 0.75), and 0.51 (0.40, 0.64). This study showed that myricetin intake was inversely related to the prevalence of T2DM in this Chinese population, suggesting a protective effect of myricetin in the development of T2DM.
Results from a dietary survey in an Indian T2DM population: a STARCH study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the dietary total and complex carbohydrate (CHO) contents in type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) participants in India. SETTING: We enrolled 796 participants in this cross-sectional, single-visit, multicentre, two-arm, single-country survey. Participants were enrolled from 10 specialty endocrinology/dialectology centres from five regions of India. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 796 participants (Asian) were enrolled in this study (385, T2DM and 409, non-T2DM). Key inclusion criteria-male or female ≥18 years, diagnosed with T2DM ≥12 months (T2DM), and not on any diet plan (non-T2DM). STUDY OUTCOME: Primary outcome was to find out the percentage of total energy intake as simple and complex CHO from total CHO. Secondary outcomes were to find the differences in percentage of total energy intake as simple CHO, complex CHO, proteins and fats between T2DM and non-T2DM groups. The percentage of T2DM participants adhering to diet plan and showing glycaemic controls were also examined. RESULTS: The mean (SD) of total calorie intake per day (Kcal) was 1547 (610, 95% CI 1486 to 1608) and 2132 (1892, 95% CI 1948 to 2316), respectively, for T2DM and non-T2DM groups. In the T2DM group (n=385), the mean (SD) percentage of total energy intake as total CHO, complex CHO and simple CHO was 64.1±8.3 (95% CI 63.3 to 64.9), 57.0±11.0 (95% CI 55.9 to 58.1) and 7.1±10.8 (95% CI 6.0 to 8.2), respectively. The mean (SD) percentage of complex CHO intake from total CHO was 89.5±15.3 (95% CI 88.0 to 91.1). The mean (SD) total protein/fat intake per day (g) was 57.1 (74.0)/37.2 (18.6) and 57.9 (27.2)/55.3 (98.2) in T2DM and non-T2DM groups, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that CHO constitutes 64.1% of total energy from diet in T2DM participants, higher than that recommended in India. However, our findings need to be confirmed in a larger epidemiological survey. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT01450592 & Clinical Trial Registry of India: CTRI/2012/02/002398.
Consumption, perceptions and knowledge of soy among adults with type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: A large body of evidence supports a role for soy in the management of type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about the current consumption, perceptions and knowledge of soy among those living with type 2 diabetes. The purpose of this research was to explore the consumption, perceptions and knowledge of soy among adults with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A total of 202 adults with type 2 diabetes completed a detailed questionnaire designed to gather data about soy consumption, motivations for consuming soy, purchase locations for soy, methods of obtaining information about soy, barriers to soy consumption, as well as general health/lifestyle, medical and demographic information. RESULTS: Soy consumers were significantly more likely to be vegetarian, lactose intolerant and avoid cow's milk and significantly less likely to take medications, when compared to soy non-consumers. There were no significant differences between soy consumers and soy non-consumers in factors related to diabetes management. The prevalence of soy consumption was 19% and the majority of soy was consumed on a weekly basis and most often at breakfast. The three most commonly consumed soy products were soy beverage, tofu and roasted soy nuts and they were purchased most often from the grocery store. Soy consumers were significantly more aware of soy's potential health benefits, compared to soy non-consumers. More than half (63.8%) of soy non-consumers had consumed soy in the past and the top reason for no longer consuming soy was 'dislike taste, texture or appearance'. The most commonly reported barriers to soy consumption were being unsure of how to prepare soy, taste and texture. CONCLUSIONS: Although soy consumption was not predictive of factors related to diabetes management, valuable information was generated regarding patterns of soy consumption, motivations for and barriers to soy consumption, beliefs and knowledge about soy, and most common sources of information about soy. This information will be useful to numerous stakeholders including those who produce, market and sell soy, as well as those who disseminate health information about soy. FAU - Gobert, Colleen P
Impact of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in patients with type 2 diabetes: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Dietary advice is one of the cornerstones in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The American Diabetes Association recommended a hypocaloric diet for overweight or obese adults with type 2 diabetes in order to induce weight loss. However, there is limited evidence on the optimal approaches to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes patients. The aim of the present study is to assess the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches on glycemic control and blood lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in a systematic review including a standard pairwise and network meta-analysis of randomized trials. METHODS AND DESIGN: We will conduct searches in Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) on the Cochrane Library, PubMed (from 1966), and Google Scholar. Citations, abstracts, and relevant papers will be screened for eligibility by two reviewers independently. Randomized controlled trials (with a control group or randomized trials with at least two intervention groups) will be included if they meet the following criteria: (1) include type 2 diabetes mellitus, (2) include patients aged ≥18 years, (3) include dietary intervention (different type of diets: e.g., Mediterranean dietary pattern, low-carbohydrate diet, low-fat diet, vegetarian diet, high protein diet); either hypo, iso-caloric, or ad libitum diets, (4) minimum intervention period of 12 weeks. For each outcome measure of interest, random effects pairwise and network meta-analyses will be performed in order to determine the pooled relative effect of each intervention relative to every other intervention in terms of the post-intervention values (or mean differences between the changes from baseline value scores). Subgroup analyses are planned for study length, sample size, age, and sex. DISCUSSION: This systematic review will synthesize the available evidence on the comparative efficacy of different dietary approaches in the management of glycosylated hemoglobin (primary outcome), fasting glucose, and cardiovascular risk factors in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. The results of the present network meta-analysis will influence evidence-based treatment decisions since it will be fundamental for based recommendations in the management of type 2 diabetes. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO 42016047464. FAU - Schwingshackl, Lukas
D2 dopamine receptor Taq1A polymorphism, body weight, and dietary intake in type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Certain D2 dopamine receptor Taq 1A genotypes (A1A1, A1A2) have been associated with obesity and substance abuse. We hypothesized that their presence would be associated with reduced efficacy of dietary interventions in individuals with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In the course of a randomized clinical trial in an outpatient research center in which 93 adults with type 2 diabetes were assigned to a low-fat vegan diet or a diet following 2003 American Diabetes Association guidelines for 74 wk, Taq 1A genotype was determined. Nutrient intake, body weight, and hemoglobin A1c (A1c) were measured over 74 wk. RESULTS: The A1 allele was highly prevalent, occurring in 47% of white participants (n = 49), which was significantly higher than the 29% prevalence previously reported in non-diabetic whites (P = 0.01). The A1 allele was found in 55% of black participants (n = 44). Black participants with A1(+) genotypes had significantly greater mean body weight (11.2 kg heavier, P = 0.05) and greater intake of fat (P = 0.002), saturated fat (P = 0.01), and cholesterol (P = 0.02) compared with A2A2 (A1(-)) individuals; dietary changes during the study did not favor one genotype group. Among whites, baseline anthropometric and nutrient differences between gene groups were small. However, among whites in the vegan group, A1(+) individuals reduced fat intake (P = 0.04) and A1c (P = 0.01) significantly less than did A1(-) individuals. CONCLUSION: The A1 allele appears to be highly prevalent among individuals with type 2 diabetes. Potential influences on diet, weight, and glycemic control merit further exploration. FAU - Barnard, Neal D
Effects of initiating moderate wine intake on abdominal adipose tissue in adults with type 2 diabetes: a 2-year randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To generate evidence-based conclusions about the effect of wine consumption on weight gain and abdominal fat accumulation and distribution in patients with type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: In the 2-year randomized controlled CASCADE (CArdiovaSCulAr Diabetes & Ethanol) trial, patients following a Mediterranean diet were randomly assigned to drink 150 ml of mineral water, white wine or red wine with dinner for 2 years. Visceral adiposity and abdominal fat distribution were measured in a subgroup of sixty-five participants, using abdominal MRI. SETTING: Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Soroka-Medical Center and the Nuclear Research Center Negev, Israel. SUBJECTS: Alcohol-abstaining adults with well-controlled type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: Forty-eight participants (red wine, n 27; mineral water, n 21) who completed a second MRI measurement were included in the 2-year analysis. Similar weight losses (sd) were observed: red wine 1·3 (3·9) kg; water 1·0 (4·2) kg (P=0·8 between groups). Changes (95 % CI) in abdominal adipose-tissue distribution were similar: red wine, visceral adipose tissue (VAT) -3·0 (-8·0, 2·0) %, deep subcutaneous adipose tissue (DSAT) +5·2 (-1·1, 11·6) %, superficial subcutaneous adipose tissue (SSAT) -1·9 (-5·0, 1·2) %; water, VAT -3·2 (-8·9, 2·5) %, DSAT +2·9 (-2·8, 8·6) %, SSAT -0·15 (-3·3, 2·9) %. No changes in antidiabetic medication and no substantial changes in energy intake (+126 (sd 2889) kJ/d (+30·2 (sd 690) kcal/d), P=0·8) were recorded. A 2-year decrease in glycated Hb (β=0·28, P=0·05) was associated with a decrease in VAT. CONCLUSIONS: Moderate wine consumption, as part of a Mediterranean diet, in persons with controlled diabetes did not promote weight gain or abdominal adiposity. FAU - Golan, Rachel
Dietary patterns and 15-y risks of major coronary events, diabetes, and mortality.; BACKGROUND: Few studies have examined the long-term effect of habitual diet on risks of incident diabetes, coronary heart disease, and mortality. OBJECTIVE: We analyzed the prospective relation of dietary patterns with incident chronic disease and mortality during 15 y of follow-up in the Whitehall II study. DESIGN: We conducted a prospective analysis (106,633 person-years at risk) among men and women (n = 7731) with a mean age of 50 y at the time of dietary assessment (127-item food-frequency questionnaire). Coronary death or nonfatal myocardial infarction and incident diabetes were verified by record tracing and oral-glucose-tolerance tests. RESULTS: Cluster analysis identified 4 dietary patterns at baseline. The patterns were termed unhealthy (white bread, processed meat, fries, and full-cream milk; n = 2665), sweet (white bread, biscuits, cakes, processed meat, and high-fat dairy products; n = 1042), Mediterranean-like (fruit, vegetables, rice, pasta, and wine; n = 1361), and healthy (fruit, vegetables, whole-meal bread, low-fat dairy, and little alcohol; n = 2663). Compared with the unhealthy pattern, the healthy pattern reduced the risk of coronary death or nonfatal myocardial infarction and diabetes; hazard ratios (95% CI) were 0.71 (0.51, 0.98) and 0.74 (0.58, 0.94), respectively, after adjustment for age, sex, ethnicity, dietary energy misreporting, social position, smoking status, and leisure-time physical activity. Dietary pattern was not associated with all-cause mortality. Residual confounding by socioeconomic factors was unlikely to account for the observed dietary effects. CONCLUSIONS: The healthy eating pattern reduced risks of diabetes and major coronary events. Such dietary patterns offer considerable health benefits to individuals and contribute to public health. FAU - Brunner, Eric J
The impact of major dietary patterns on glycemic control, cardiovascular risk factors, and weight loss in patients with type 2 diabetes: A network meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To comprehensively compare the differences between major dietary patterns in improving glycemic control, cardiovascular risk, and weight loss for patients with type 2 diabetes. METHOD: We systematically searched PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the efficacy of Mediterranean, low-carbohydrate, and/or low-fat dietary patterns for patients with type 2 diabetes. Studies that compared any one of those diets with regular diet were also included. The risk of bias in eligible RCTs was evaluated according to the Cochrane Handbook. The primary outcome was glycemic control. Secondary outcomes included weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors. A network meta-analysis was performed using R-3.3.2. RESULTS: Ten RCTs involving five dietary patterns met the eligibility criteria. The findings revealed that compared to low-fat diet, Mediterranean diet showed beneficial effects in glycemic control (HbA1c [%]: MD = -0.45, 95% CI = -0.55 to -0.34; fasting plasma glucose [mmol/L]: MD = -1.24 95% CI = -1.57 to -0.91, respectively; weight loss [kg]: MD =-1.18, 95% CI = -1.99 to -0.37; waist circumference [cm]: MD = -0.73, 95% CI = -1.26 to -0.19), and cardiovascular risk factors (HDL-cholesterol [mmol/L]: MD = 0.07, 95% CI = 0.04 to 0.11; total cholesterol [mmol/L]: MD = -0.17, 95% CI = -0.26 to -0.08; triglycerides [mmol/L]: MD = -0.21, 95% CI = -0.27 to -0.16). Network meta-analysis showed that high-carbohydrate diet improved HDL-cholesterol (mmol/l) (MD = 1.04, 95% CI = 0.39 to 1.68) when compared with regular diet. The differences were not statistically significant in other indirect comparison groups for other outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: A mediterranean diet showed beneficial improvements in glycemic control, weight loss, and cardiovascular risk factors in people with type 2 diabetes.
Plasma trimethylamine-N-oxide and related metabolites are associated with type 2 diabetes risk in the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) trial.; BACKGROUND: The role of trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) in type 2 diabetes (T2D) is currently partially understood and controversial. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate associations between TMAO and related metabolites with T2D risk in subjects at high risk of cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: This is a case-cohort design study within the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) study, with 251 incident T2D cases and a random sample of 694 participants (641 noncases and 53 overlapping cases) without T2D at baseline (median follow-up: 3.8 y). We used liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry to measure plasma TMAO, l-carnitine, betaine, lyso-phosphatidylcholine (LPC) and lyso-phosphatidylethanolamine (LPE) species, phosphocholine, α-glycerophosphocholine, and choline at baseline and after 1 y. We examined associations with the use of weighted Cox proportional hazard models, accounting for the weighted case-cohort design by the Barlow method. RESULTS: After adjustment for recognized T2D risk factors and multiple testing, individuals in the highest quartile of baseline TMAO and α-glycerophosphocholine had a lower risk of T2D [HR (95% CI): 0.52 (0.29, 0.89) and 0.46 (0.24, 0.89), respectively]. The HR (95% CI) comparing the extreme quartiles of betaine was 0.41 (0.23, 0.74). Similar trends were observed for C16:0 LPC, C18:1 LPC, C18:0 LPC, C20:4 LPC, C22:6 LPC, C18:1 LPC plasmalogen, and C16:0 LPE. After correcting for multiple comparisons, participants in the highest quartile of 1-y changes in oleic acid LPC plasmalogen concentrations had a lower T2D risk than the reference quartile. CONCLUSION: Whether the associations between plasma TMAO and certain metabolite concentrations with T2D risk reflect its pathophysiology or represent an epiphenomenon needs to be elucidated. This trial is registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639. FAU - Papandreou, Christopher
Impact of different dietary approaches on blood lipid control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.; The aim of this study was to assess the effects of different dietary approaches on low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triglyceride (TG) levels in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) by applying network meta-analysis (NMA). Systematic electronic and hand searches were conducted until January 2018. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with an intervention period of ≥ 12 weeks, focussing on adults with T2D, and comparing dietary approaches regarding LDL, HDL or TGs, were included. For each outcome measure, random effects NMA was performed in order to determine the effect of each dietary approach compared to every other dietary intervention. Mean differences (MDs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated, and for the ranking, the surface under the cumulative ranking curves (SUCRA) was determined. Additionally, the credibility of evidence was evaluated. 52 RCTs (44 for LDL, 48 for HDL and 52 for TGs) comparing nine dietary approaches (low fat, vegetarian, Mediterranean, high protein, moderate carbohydrate, low carbohydrate, control, low glycaemic index/glycaemic load and Palaeolithic diet) enrolling 5360 T2D patients were included. The vegetarian diet most effectively reduced LDL levels [MD (95% CI): - 0.33 (- 0.55, - 0.12) mmol/L; compared to the control diet]. The Mediterranean diet beneficially raised HDL [MD (95% CI): 0.09 (0.04, 0.15) mmol/L] and decreased TG levels [MD (95% CI): - 0.41 (- 0.72, - 0.10) mmol/L] compared to the control diet. The Mediterranean diet was the most effective dietary approach to manage diabetic dyslipidaemia altogether (SUCRA: 79%). The overall findings are mainly limited by low credibility of evidence. FAU - Neuenschwander, Manuela
Effect of fast-food Mediterranean-type diet on type 2 diabetics and healthy human subjects' platelet aggregation.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of our work was to carry out a randomized clinical trial with a fast-food Mediterranean type diet rich in platelet activating factor (PAF) antagonist to investigate the effect on type 2 diabetics and healthy human subject's platelet aggregation. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We extracted lipids from fast-food Mediterranean type foodstuffs, and tested them in vitro for their ability to inhibit or antagonize PAF towards washed rabbit platelets. We chose the foodstuffs that exerted the most potent in vitro anti-PAF activity and fed 22 healthy (group A) and 23 type 2 diabetics (group B) subjects on a diet containing the chosen foodstuffs. The 22 type 2 diabetics (group C) subjects were kept on their regular diet that was being followed before entering the study. Before and after a 4-week diet, all enrolled subjects underwent the following examinations; measurement of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL-cholesterol), high density lipoprotein (HDL-cholesterol), triglycerides, glucose, HbA(1c), body mass index (BMI), and platelet aggregation in response to PAF, adenosine 5' diphosphate (ADP) and arachidonic acid (AA). RESULTS: The chosen diet significantly increased the EC(50) values of PAF and ADP to groups A and B (p<0.05). No statistical difference was observed on the EC(50) value of group C. No statistical differences were detected among Cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, HBA(1c), BMI, and EC(50) for AA values, for any of the three groups. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a fast-food Mediterranean type diet rich in PAF antagonist improved platelet response of type 2 diabetics and healthy human subjects against thrombotic, inflammatory and proatherogenic factors. FAU - Karantonis, Haralabos C
The association between dietary flavonoid and lignan intakes and incident type 2 diabetes in European populations: the EPIC-InterAct study.; OBJECTIVE: To study the association between dietary flavonoid and lignan intakes, and the risk of development of type 2 diabetes among European populations. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-InterAct case-cohort study included 12,403 incident type 2 diabetes cases and a stratified subcohort of 16,154 participants from among 340,234 participants with 3.99 million person-years of follow-up in eight European countries. At baseline, country-specific validated dietary questionnaires were used. A flavonoid and lignan food composition database was developed from the Phenol-Explorer, the U.K. Food Standards Agency, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture databases. Hazard ratios (HRs) from country-specific Prentice-weighted Cox regression models were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: In multivariable models, a trend for an inverse association between total flavonoid intake and type 2 diabetes was observed (HR for the highest vs. the lowest quintile, 0.90 [95% CI 0.77-1.04]; P value trend = 0.040), but not with lignans (HR 0.88 [95% CI 0.72-1.07]; P value trend = 0.119). Among flavonoid subclasses, flavonols (HR 0.81 [95% CI 0.69-0.95]; P value trend = 0.020) and flavanols (HR 0.82 [95% CI 0.68-0.99]; P value trend = 0.012), including flavan-3-ol monomers (HR 0.73 [95% CI 0.57-0.93]; P value trend = 0.029), were associated with a significantly reduced hazard of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Prospective findings in this large European cohort demonstrate inverse associations between flavonoids, particularly flavanols and flavonols, and incident type 2 diabetes. This suggests a potential protective role of eating a diet rich in flavonoids, a dietary pattern based on plant-based foods, in the prevention of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Zamora-Ros, Raul
CLOCK gene variation is associated with incidence of type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in type-2 diabetic subjects: dietary modulation in the PREDIMED randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Circadian rhythms regulate key biological processes influencing metabolic pathways. Disregulation is associated with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Circadian rhythms are generated by a transcriptional autoregulatory feedback loop involving core clock genes. CLOCK (circadian locomotor output cycles protein kaput), one of those core genes, is known to regulate glucose metabolism in rodent models. Cross-sectional studies in humans have reported associations between this locus and obesity, plasma glucose, hypertension and T2D prevalence, supporting its role in cardiovascular risk. However, no longitudinal study has investigated the association between CLOCK gene variation and T2D or CVD incidence. Moreover, although in a previous work we detected a gene-diet interaction between the CLOCK-rs4580704 (C > G) single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) and monounsaturated (MUFA) intake on insulin resistance, no interventional study has analyzed gene-diet interactions on T2D or CVD outcomes. METHODS: We analyzed the association between the CLOCK-rs4580704 SNP and incidence of T2D and CVD longitudinally in 7098 PREDIMED trial (ISRCTN35739639) participants after a median 4.8-year follow-up. We also examined modulation by Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) intervention (high in MUFA) on these associations. RESULTS: We observed a significant association between the CLOCK-rs4580704 SNP and T2D incidence in n = 3671 non-T2D PREDIMED participants, with variant allele (G) carriers showing decreased incidence (dominant model) compared with CC homozygotes (HR: 0.69; 95 % CI 0.54-0.87; P = 0.002). This protection was more significant in the MedDiet intervention group (HR: 0.58; 95 % CI 0.43-0.78; P < 0.001) than in the control group (HR: 0.95; 95 % CI 0.63-1.44; P = 0.818). Moreover, we detected a statistically significant interaction (P = 0.018) between CLOCK-rs4580704 SNP and T2D status on stroke. Thus, only in T2D subjects was CLOCK-rs4580704 SNP associated with stroke risk, G-carriers having decreased risk (HR: 0.61; 95 % CI 0.40-0.94; P = 0.024 versus CC) in the multivariable-adjusted model. CONCLUSIONS: In agreement with our previous results showing a protective effect of the G-allele against hyperglycemia, we extended our findings by reporting a novel association with lower T2D incidence and also suggesting a dietary modulation. Moreover, we report for the first time an association between a CLOCK polymorphism and stroke in T2D subjects, suggesting that core clock genes may significantly contribute to increased CVD risk in T2D. FAU - Corella, Dolores
A 6-month follow-up study of the randomized controlled Ma-Pi macrobiotic dietary intervention (MADIAB trial) in type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: In the MADIAB trial (a 21-day randomized, controlled trial in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D)), intervention with the Ma-Pi 2 macrobiotic diet resulted in significantly greater improvements in metabolic control compared with a standard recommended diet for patients with T2D. We report on a 6-month follow-up study, which investigated, whether these benefits extended beyond the 21-day intensive dietary intervention, in real-world conditions. SUBJECTS: At the end of the MADIAB trial (baseline of this follow-up study), all participants continued their assigned diet (Ma-Pi or control) for 6 months. The Ma-Pi 2 group followed the Ma-Pi 4 diet during this follow-up study. Forty of the original 51 subjects (78.4%) participated in the follow-up (body mass index, 27-45 kg m(-2); age, 40-75 years). Primary outcome was percentage change from baseline in HbA1c; secondary outcomes were anthropometric data and lipid panel. RESULTS: A significantly greater median percentage reduction was observed for HbA1c in the Ma-Pi group (-11.27% (95% confidence interval (CI): -10.17; -12.36)) compared with the control group (-5.88% (95% CI: -3.79; -7.98)) (P < 0.001). Total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol increased in both groups with no differences between groups (P=0.331 and P=0.082, respectively). After correcting for age and gender, the Ma-Pi diet was associated with a higher percentage reduction in HbA1c (95% CI: 2.56; 7.61) and body weight (95% CI: 0.40; 3.99), and a higher percentage increase in LDL cholesterol (95% CI: -1.52; -33.16). However, all participants' total and LDL cholesterol levels remained within recommended ranges (<200 mg dl(-1) and <100 mg dl(-1), respectively). The Ma-Pi diet group achieved the target median HbA1c value (<5.7% (39 mmol mol(-1))) at 6 months. CONCLUSIONS: Both the Ma-Pi and control diets maintained their benefits beyond the 21-day intensive monitored intervention over a 6-month follow-up in real-world conditions. The Ma-Pi diet resulted in greater improvement in glycemic control. FAU - Soare, A
Quercetin and epigallocatechin gallate induce in vitro a dose-dependent stiffening and hyperpolarizing effect on the cell membrane of human mononuclear blood cells.; The bioactivity of polyphenols is closely linked to their ability to interact with biological membranes. The study evaluates the in vitro effect of quercetin and epigallocatechin on the membrane anisotropy and transmembrane potential of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) isolated from 26 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients compared to 25 age matched controls. The in vitro assays were analyzed in correlation with the biochemical and inflammatory profile of the subjects and with insulin resistance parameters (HOMA-IR, plasma resistin) as well. For type 2 diabetes patients, the increase of HOMA-IR and resistin concentration was associated with a significant decrease of the PBMCs membrane anisotropy. The two tested polyphenols induced a dose-dependent hyperpolarizing effect and stiffening of the cell membranes for all tested subjects. Physiological levels of quercetin and epigallocatechin gallate had the tendency to normalize the PBMCs membrane anisotropy of the cells isolated from diabetes patients, bringing it to the level of cells isolated from normoglycemic ones. Epigallocatechin gallate induced higher effects compared to quercetin on the membranes isolated from subjects with higher cardiovascular risk. The decrease of membrane fluidity and the hyperpolarizing effect could explain the cardiovascular protective action of the tested compounds. FAU - Margina, Denisa
Adherence to Mediterranean Diet Pattern among Spanish Adults Attending a Medical Centre: Nondiabetic Subjects and Type 1 and 2 Diabetic Patients.; OBJECTIVE: To identify adherence to Mediterranean diet among two groups of Spanish adults: diabetic patients and nondiabetic subjects. METHODS: Adherence to Mediterranean diet was measured by a 14-item screener (scale: 0-14; ≤5: low, 6-9: moderate, and ≥10: high) in 351 volunteers. RESULTS: Mean age was 50.97 ± 12.58 in nondiabetics (n = 154) and 59.50 ± 13.34 in diabetics (n = 197). The whole sample scored 8.77 ± 1.82. Score was 9.19 ± 1.84 in nondiabetic females (n = 58) and 8.15 ± 1.79 in diabetic females (n = 85) (p = 0.003), due to lower consumption of olive oil (p = 0.005) and nuts (p = 0.000). Type 2 diabetic males (n = 79; 8.76 ± 1.88) consumed less olive oil than healthy males (n = 28; 9.36 ± 1.59) (p = 0.046). Up to 30-year-old nondiabetics scored lower than more than 60-year-old nondiabetics (8.40 ± 1.5 versus 9.74 ± 2.03; p = 0.047). The youngest ate less olive oil (p = 0.002) and more pastries (p = 0.007). CONCLUSIONS: The sample presented moderate adherence to Mediterranean diet in all subgroups. Scientific evidence about the benefits of Mediterranean diet, olive oil, and nuts supports the recommendation to increase consumption of olive oil and nuts in diabetic women and of daily olive oil in type 2 diabetic men, reducing consumption of red meat, butter, and pastries, and to promote Mediterranean diet among the youngest of the sample studied. FAU - Vidal-Peracho, Concepción
Plant-based dietary approach to stage 3 chronic kidney disease with hyperphosphataemia. LID - 10.1136/bcr-2019-232080 [doi] LID - e232080; A 69-year-old man with type 2 diabetes, hypertension and stage 3 chronic kidney disease (CKD), hyperphosphataemia and borderline hyperkalaemia presented to an office visit interested in changing his diet to improve his medical conditions. He adopted a strict whole-foods, plant-based diet, without calorie or portion restriction or mandated exercise, and rapidly reduced his insulin requirements by >50%, and subsequently saw improvements in weight, blood pressure and cholesterol. His estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) increased from 45 to 74 mL/min after 4.5 months on the diet and his microalbumin/creatinine ratio decreased from 414.3 to 26.8 mg/g. His phosphorus level returned to the normal range. For individuals with CKD, especially those with obesity, hypertension, or diabetes, a strict, ad libitum whole-food, plant-based diet may confer significant benefit, although one must consider potential limitations of a creatinine-based GFR equation in the face of significant weight loss.
Puerariae flos alleviates metabolic diseases in Western diet-loaded, spontaneously obese type 2 diabetic model mice.; Puerariae flos extract (PFE) has been reported to have many effects, including preventing the development of hangovers, liver protective effects, and an estrogenic effect. In addition, some papers reported that PFE is effective against metabolic diseases, with hypolipidemic and hypoglycemic effects. However, the mechanism underlying such effects remains unclear. For the purpose of clarifying the effect of PFE on metabolic diseases related to the accumulation of visceral fat and to determine the mechanism of such action, TSOD mice, a multifactorial genetic disease animal model that spontaneously develops various metabolic diseases such as obesity and type 2 diabetes, were given a Western diet (WTD) as an environmental factor to prepare a disease model (TSOD-WTD). When TSOD mice were loaded with WTD, it was confirmed that metabolic diseases such as obesity and abnormal glucose/lipid metabolism are aggravated. In contrast, PFE treatment to TSOD-WTD mice was shown to suppress body weight gain and visceral fat accumulation, alleviated the abnormal glucose tolerance and hyperinsulinemia, as well as causing an increase in blood adiponectin. Furthermore, the suppression of liver enlargement was observed in PFE-treated mice, with suppression of fatty degeneration and anti-inflammatory effect. In addition, to clarify the mechanism of the hyperlipidemia-alleviating effects in the liver, we investigated the effect of PFE on the expression of genes involved in cholesterol homeostasis. PFE was associated with a significant increase in gene expression for cholesterol synthesis rate-limiting enzyme HMG-CoA reductase, cholesterol catabolization enzyme Cyp7A1, bile salt export pump adenosine triphosphate-binding cassette transporter B11, and low-density lipoprotein receptor involved in cholesterol uptake. The above results suggest that PFE acts to alleviate the effects of various metabolic diseases based on the accumulation of visceral adipose tissue, including obesity, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia, with the promotion of catabolization/excretion of cholesterol in the liver being a key mechanism of action. FAU - Kubo, Koshi
Impact of a Shared Medical Appointment Lifestyle Intervention on Weight and Lipid Parameters in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes: A Clinical Pilot.; BACKGROUND: There is a growing awareness that lifestyle behavior modifications may reduce weight and the atherogenic dyslipidemia associated with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). OBJECTIVE: We pilot the effectiveness of a diabetes educational program combining shared medical appointments (SMAs) with an 8-week DVD-based diabetes education program emphasizing a plant-based diet in lowering weight and lipids in individuals with T2DM. This pilot also employed a nonrandomized convenience sample to explore which of the educational program's target behaviors were associated with the greatest risk factor reduction. DESIGN: Forty-six adult patients with T2DM voluntarily self-selected to enroll in the educational quality improvement initiative run as part of a community clinical practice. Target behaviors measured weekly were (1) days with beans for breakfast, (2) days of exercise, (3) minutes of exercise per day, (4) days with light evening meals, (5) days with no evening meals, (6) days with no red meat, (7) days with plant-based diet, and (8) number of 8-ounce cups of water per day. Biometric measurements were taken at the beginning and end of the 2-month program. These included high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), total cholesterol, and triglycerides. Weight was measured weekly. Regression analysis was performed to identify which target behaviors were associated with changes in lipids and weight. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant (F = 2.429; df = 8.21; p < 0.05) decrease in weight (mean -8.9 lbs, or 4.05 kg, or 4.1% body weight, p < 0.01) during the 8-week study period. There was a positive trend in all lipid parameters, but none reached statistical significance with this sample. Exploratory weighted least-squares regression found that weight loss in the study group was most associated with higher water consumption (t = 3.16; p < 0.01), days per week with no evening meal (t = 3.03; p < 0.01), and days per week consuming beans for breakfast (t = 2.06; p = 0.05. CONCLUSIONS: In this pilot study, the DVD-based educational program delivered as part of an SMA was associated with significant weight loss but insignificant lipid changes. Behavior changes most closely associated with weight loss were increasing water consumption, eliminating evening meals, and increasing the consumption of beans for breakfast. These potentially important findings in this small sample suggest the need for a randomized clinical trial with a larger and planned sample. FAU - Guthrie, George E
The protective effect of the Mediterranean diet on endothelial resistance to GLP-1 in type 2 diabetes: a preliminary report.; BACKGROUND: In type 2 diabetes, acute hyperglycemia worsens endothelial function and inflammation,while resistance to GLP-1 action occurs. All these phenomena seem to be related to the generation of oxidative stress. A Mediterranean diet, supplemented with olive oil, increases plasma antioxidant capacity, suggesting that its implementation can have a favorable effect on the aforementioned phenomena. In the present study, we test the hypothesis that a Mediterranean diet using olive oil can counteract the effects of acute hyperglycemia and can improve the resistance of the endothelium to GLP-1 action. METHODS: Two groups of type 2 diabetic patients, each consisting of twelve subjects, participated in a randomized trial for three months, following a Mediterranean diet using olive oil or a control low-fat diet. Plasma antioxidant capacity, endothelial function, nitrotyrosine, 8-iso-PGF2a, IL-6 and ICAM-1 levels were evaluated at baseline and at the end of the study. The effect of GLP-1 during a hyperglycemic clamp, was also studied at baseline and at the end of the study. RESULTS: Compared to the control diet, the Mediterranean diet increased plasma antioxidant capacity and improved basal endothelial function, nitrotyrosine, 8-iso-PGF2a, IL-6 and ICAM-1 levels. The Mediterranean diet also reduced the negative effects of acute hyperglycemia, induced by a hyperglycemic clamp, on endothelial function, nitrotyrosine, 8-iso-PGF2a, IL-6 and ICAM-1 levels. Furthermore, the Mediterranean diet improved the protective action of GLP-1 on endothelial function, nitrotyrosine, 8-iso-PGF2a, IL-6 and ICAM-1 levels, also increasing GLP-1-induced insulin secretion. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the Mediterranean diet, using olive oil, prevents the acute hyperglycemia effect on endothelial function, inflammation and oxidative stress, and improves the action of GLP-1, which may have a favorable effect on the management of type 2 diabetes, particularly for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. FAU - Ceriello, Antonio
UP780, a chromone-enriched aloe composition improves insulin sensitivity.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic individuals experience elevated fasting glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and plasma insulin and impaired glucose tolerance. Adiponectin is a hormone inversely correlated with insulin resistance. Here we describe the activity of aloesin, an aloe chromone that increases adiponectin production and, when formulated with an aloe polysaccharide composition, improves the insulin sensitivity in db/db and diet-induced obese-diabetic mice. METHODS: Two aloe chromones, aloesin and aloesinol, were tested in vitro for adiponectin production. Following confirmation of glucose-lowering activity in a high-fat diet (HFD)-induced mouse model, aloesin was formulated with an Aloe vera inner leaf gel powder polysaccharide preparation to yield a composition designated UP780. Efficacy of UP780 was evaluated in HDF-induced and db/db mouse models. GW1929, a synthetic peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ (PPARγ) agonist, was used as a positive control. RESULTS: After 3 weeks of treatment of HDF-induced mice, plasma insulin levels were decreased 37.9% and 46.7% by aloesin and aloesinol, respectively. In db/db mice, the chromone- (2% chromone:98% aloe polysaccharide) enriched UP780 aloe composition showed a 33.7% and 46.0% decrease in fasting triglyceride and plasma glucose levels after 10 weeks of oral treatment, respectively. Diabetic mice gavaged with 200 mg/kg of UP780 for 10 weeks showed a 30.3% decrease in fasting blood glucose levels and a 32.2% reduction in plasma insulin. In both animal models, UP780 showed a statistically significant improvement in blood glucose clearance. CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that UP780, a chromone-standardized, aloe-based composition, could potentially be used as a natural product option to facilitate the maintenance of healthy blood glucose levels. FAU - Yimam, Mesfin
Effects of a plant-based high-carbohydrate/high-fiber diet versus high-monounsaturated fat/low-carbohydrate diet on postprandial lipids in type 2 diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: To search for a better dietary approach to treat postprandial lipid abnormalities and improve glucose control in type 2 diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: According to a randomized crossover design, 18 type 2 diabetic patients (aged 59 +/- 5 years; BMI 27 +/- 3 kg/m(2)) (means +/- SD) in satisfactory blood glucose control on diet or diet plus metformin followed a diet relatively rich in carbohydrates (52% total energy), rich in fiber (28 g/1,000 kcal), and with a low glycemic index (58%) (high-carbohydrate/high-fiber diet) or a diet relatively low in carbohydrate (45%) and rich in monounsaturated fat (23%) (low-carbohydrate/high-monounsaturated fat diet) for 4 weeks. Thereafter, they shifted to the other diet for 4 more weeks. At the end of each period, plasma glucose, insulin, lipids, and lipoprotein fractions (separated by discontinuous density gradient ultracentrifugation) were determined on blood samples taken at fasting and over 6 h after a test meal having a similar composition as the corresponding diet. RESULTS: In addition to a significant decrease in postprandial plasma glucose, insulin responses, and glycemic variability, the high-carbohydrate/high-fiber diet also significantly improved the primary end point, since it reduced the postprandial incremental areas under the curve (IAUCs) of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, in particular, chylomicrons (cholesterol IAUC: 0.05 +/- 0.01 vs. 0.08 +/- 0.02 mmol/l per 6 h; triglycerides IAUC: 0.71 +/- 0.35 vs. 1.03 +/- 0.58 mmol/l per 6 h, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in carbohydrate and fiber, essentially based on legumes, vegetables, fruits, and whole cereals, may be particularly useful for treating diabetic patients because of its multiple effects on different cardiovascular risk factors, including postprandial lipids abnormalities. FAU - De Natale, Claudia
Sustaining Effect of Intensive Nutritional Intervention Combined with Health Education on Dietary Behavior and Plasma Glucose in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients. LID - 10.3390/nu8090560 [doi] LID - 560; Diabetes mellitus is very common in elderly Chinese individuals. Although nutritional intervention can provide a balanced diet, the sustaining effect on at-home dietary behavior and long-term plasma glucose control is not clear. Consequently, we conducted a long-term survey following one month of experiential nutritional intervention combined with health education. Based on the Dietary Guidelines for a Chinese Resident, we found that the food items met the recommended values, the percentages of energy provided from fat, protein, and carbohydrate were more reasonable after one year. The newly formed dietary patterns were "Healthy", "Monotonous", "Vegetarian", "Japanese", "Low energy", and "Traditional" diets. The 2h-PG of female participants as well as those favoring the "Japanese diet" decreased above 12 mmol/L. Participants who selected "Japanese" and "Healthy" diets showed an obvious reduction in FPG while the FPG of participants from Group A declined slightly. "Japanese" and "Healthy" diets also obtained the highest DDP scores, and thus can be considered suitable for T2DM treatment in China. The results of the newly formed dietary patterns, "Japanese" and "Healthy" diets, confirmed the profound efficacy of nutritional intervention combined with health education for improving dietary behavior and glycemic control although health education played a more important role. The present study is encouraging with regard to further exploration of comprehensive diabetes care. FAU - Fan, Rui
Effects of Initiating Moderate Alcohol Intake on Cardiometabolic Risk in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes: A 2-Year Randomized, Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Recommendations for moderate alcohol consumption remain controversial, particularly in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Long-term randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) are lacking. OBJECTIVE: To assess cardiometabolic effects of initiating moderate alcohol intake in persons with T2DM and whether the type of wine matters. DESIGN: 2-year RCT (CASCADE [CArdiovaSCulAr Diabetes & Ethanol] trial). (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00784433). SETTING: Ben-Gurion University of the Negev-Soroka Medical Center and Nuclear Research Center Negev, Israel. PATIENTS: Alcohol-abstaining adults with well-controlled T2DM. INTERVENTION: Patients were randomly assigned to 150 mL of mineral water, white wine, or red wine with dinner for 2 years. Wines and mineral water were provided. All groups followed a Mediterranean diet without caloric restriction. MEASUREMENTS: Primary outcomes were lipid and glycemic control profiles. Genetic measurements were done, and patients were followed for blood pressure, liver biomarkers, medication use, symptoms, and quality of life. RESULTS: Of the 224 patients who were randomly assigned, 94% had follow-up data at 1 year and 87% at 2 years. In addition to the changes in the water group (Mediterranean diet only), red wine significantly increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) level by 0.05 mmol/L (2.0 mg/dL) (95% CI, 0.04 to 0.06 mmol/L [1.6 to 2.2 mg/dL]; P < 0.001) and apolipoprotein(a)1 level by 0.03 g/L (CI, 0.01 to 0.06 g/L; P = 0.05) and decreased the total cholesterol-HDL-C ratio by 0.27 (CI, -0.52 to -0.01; P = 0.039). Only slow ethanol metabolizers (alcohol dehydrogenase alleles [ADH1B*1] carriers) significantly benefited from the effect of both wines on glycemic control (fasting plasma glucose, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, and hemoglobin A1c) compared with fast ethanol metabolizers (persons homozygous for ADH1B*2). Across the 3 groups, no material differences were identified in blood pressure, adiposity, liver function, drug therapy, symptoms, or quality of life, except that sleep quality improved in both wine groups compared with the water group (P = 0.040). Overall, compared with the changes in the water group, red wine further reduced the number of components of the metabolic syndrome by 0.34 (CI, -0.68 to -0.001; P = 0.049). LIMITATION: Participants were not blinded to treatment allocation. CONCLUSION: This long-term RCT suggests that initiating moderate wine intake, especially red wine, among well-controlled diabetics as part of a healthy diet is apparently safe and modestly decreases cardiometabolic risk. The genetic interactions suggest that ethanol plays an important role in glucose metabolism, and red wine's effects also involve nonalcoholic constituents. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: European Foundation for the Study of Diabetes. FAU - Gepner, Yftach
Age at menopause in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Considering that chronic diseases such as diabetes mellitus (DM) may determine premature ovarian failure by various mechanisms, we studied the age at menopause in women without diabetes and in women with type 2 DM. DESIGN: We studied 409 women without diabetes and 404 patients with type 2 DM, selected from 45 to 55 years of age, for analysis with the status quo method. The age at menopause was calculated with a logistic regression on the proportions of menopausal women for each age group. RESULTS: In the groups, 172 women without diabetes and 207 women with diabetes had menopause. The regression procedure gave a median age of 49.7 +/- SD 1.7 years for the whole group, 49.6 +/- 1.6 years for the nondiabetic group, and 49.8 +/- 1.7 years for women with diabetes. Women without diabetes were 1.4 years younger, but this factor did not have an influence on the results. Smoking habits, vegetarianism, and somatometric variables were similar in both groups, except for waist/hip and abdomen/hip ratios, larger in the group of women with diabetes. The mean for years since diagnosis in patients < 45 years of age was 4.9 years. For older patients, the figure increased to 8.9 years. CONCLUSIONS: No difference for age at menopause was found between women without diabetes and women with type 2 diabetes who were 5 to 8 years since the diagnosis was made. FAU - López-López, R
Decreases in dietary glycemic index are related to weight loss among individuals following therapeutic diets for type 2 diabetes.; This study assessed the effect of changes in glycemic index (GI) and load (GL) on weight loss and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) among individuals with type 2 diabetes beginning a vegan diet or diet following the 2003 American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommendations. The study was a 22-wk, randomized trial of 99 participants with type 2 diabetes who were counseled to follow 1 of 2 diet treatments. GI and GL changes were assessed based on 3-d dietary records. The relationships between GI/GL and changes in weight and HbA1C were calculated. In an intention-to-treat analysis (n = 99), the vegan group reduced GI to a greater extent than the ADA group (P < 0.05), but GL was reduced further in the ADA than the vegan group (P < 0.001). GI predicted changes in weight (P = 0.001), adjusting for changes in fiber, carbohydrate, fat, alcohol, energy intake, steps per day, group, and demographics, such that for every point decrease in GI, participants lost ~0.2 kg (0.44 lb). GI was not a predictor for changes in HbA1C after controlling for weight loss (P = 0.33). Weight loss was a predictor of changes in HbA1C (P = 0.047). GL was not related to weight loss or changes in HbA1C. A low-GI diet appears to be one of the determinants of success of a vegan or ADA diet in reducing body weight among people with type 2 diabetes. The reduction of body weight, in turn, was predictive of decreasing HbA1C. FAU - Turner-McGrievy, Gabrielle M
Is adjunctive naturopathy associated with improved glycaemic control and a reduction in need for medications among type 2 Diabetes patients? A prospective cohort study from India.; BACKGROUND: With an estimated 65 million Diabetes Mellitus (DM) patients, India ranks second in the world in terms of DM burden. The emphasis of current medical practice has been on pharmacotherapy but, despite the best combination therapies, acheiving glycaemic control (reduction of blood sugar to desirable levels) is a challenge. 'Integrated Naturopathy and Yoga'(INY) is an alternative system of medicine that lays emphasis on the role of diet and physical exercise. We assessed the short term effect of INY as an adjunct to pharmacotherapy on glycaemic control among type 2 DM patients. METHODS: In this prospective cohort study with a 3 month follow-up, DM patients consecutively admitted to a hospital in India from May-October 2014 for either 15 or 30 days were offered INY - a package of vegetarian diet with no added oil, sugar and salt, yoga-based exercise, patient counselling and rest. A 'favourable outcome' was defined as glycaemic control (glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) < 7 % or absolute reduction by 1 %) along with at least 50 % reduction in antidiabetes medication at 3 months relative to baseline. Compliance to diet was scored by self-report on a scale of 0-10 and categorized into poor (0-5), moderate (6-8) and excellent (9-10). RESULTS: Of 101 patients with 3-month follow-up data, 65(65 %) achieved a favourable outcome - with 19(19 %) stopping medication while sustaining glycemic control. Factors associated with favourable outcome were baseline HbA1c and compliance to diet, which showed a significant linear relationship with mean HbA1c reductions of 0.4 %, 1.1 % and 1.7 % in relation to poor, moderate and excellent dietary compliance respectively. CONCLUSION: INY, adjunctive to pharmacotherapy, was associated with a significant beneficial effect on glycaemic control and reduced the overall need for antidiabetes medications. These early results are promising. Further studies with long-term follow-up and using more rigorous randomized controlled trial designs are needed. FAU - Bairy, Srinivas
Postprandial glycaemic response of foxtail millet dosa in comparison to a rice dosa in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND & OBJECTIVES: Millets are rich source of dietary fibre and non-starchy polysaccharides with low glycaemic index (GI), hence can be used as a therapeutic diet. This study was conducted to estimate the effects of a millet-based dosa (foxtail dosa) compared to a rice dosa for breakfast on postprandial glucose levels in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). METHODS: The GI of rice dosa and foxtail millet dosa was estimated. A total of 105 T2DM participants were randomly selected for the study. The participants were on oral hypoglycaemic agents (OHA) and not on insulin. In this study, each individual served as their own control and experimental group. The postprandial increase in blood glucose was compared after a breakfast of rice dosa and millet dosa. Single and paired t test was used to note the change in blood glucose levels and the level of the significance. RESULTS: The GI of foxtail millet dosa was 59.25 and rice dosa was 77.96. There was a significant reduction (P<0.001) in the postprandial glucose level of patients who consumed a millet-based dosa when compared to those who consumed a rice-based dosa. No significant reduction was observed in the fasting glucose levels. INTERPRETATION & CONCLUSIONS: The results suggested that replacing a rice-based breakfast item with a millet-based breakfast item lowers the postprandial blood glucose levels in T2DM patients. Thus, millets may have a protective role in the management of hyperglycaemia. Further studies need to be done in a systematic manner to confirm these findings. FAU - Narayanan, Janani
Differential Effect of Initiating Moderate Red Wine Consumption on 24-h Blood Pressure by Alcohol Dehydrogenase Genotypes: Randomized Trial in Type 2 Diabetes.; AIMS: Observational studies report inconsistent associations between moderate alcohol intake and blood pressure (BP). In a sub-study of a larger randomized controlled trial, we assessed the effect of initiating moderate red wine consumption on 24-h BP recordings and the effect of a common genetic variant of alcohol dehydrogenases (ADH) among patients with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Fifty-four type 2 diabetes, alcohol abstainers were randomized to consume 150 ml/dinner dry red wine or mineral water. Both groups were guided to adhere to a Mediterranean diet, without caloric restriction. We measured 24-h ambulatory BP monitoring (ABPM) at baseline and after 6 months. RESULTS: Participants (age = 57 years; 85% men; mean 24-h BP = 129/77 mm Hg) had 92% 6-month retention. After 6 months of intervention, the average 24-h BP did not differ between the wine and water groups. A transient decrease in BP was observed in the red wine group at midnight (3-4 hours after wine intake: systolic BP: red wine = -10.6mm Hg vs. mineral water = +2.3 mm Hg; P = 0.031) and the following morning at 7-9 am (red wine: -6.2mm Hg vs. mineral water: +5.6mm Hg; P = 0.014). In a second post hoc sub-analysis among the red wine consumers, individuals who were homozygous for the gene encoding ADH1B*2 variant (Arg48His; rs1229984, TT, fast ethanol metabolizers), exhibited a reduction in mean 24-h systolic BP (-8.0mm Hg vs. +3.7 mm Hg; P = 0.002) and pulse pressure (-3.8 mm Hg vs. +1.2 mm Hg; P = 0.032) compared to heterozygotes and those homozygous for the ADH1B*1 variant (CC, slow metabolizers). CONCLUSIONS: Initiating moderate red wine consumption at dinner among type 2 diabetes patients does not have a discernable effect on mean 24-h BP. Yet, a modest temporal BP reduction could be documented, and a more pronounced BP-lowering effect is suggested among fast ethanol metabolizers. CLINICAL TRIALS REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00784433.
Hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effects of low GI and medium GL Indian diets in type 2 diabetics for a period of 4 weeks: a prospective study.; This prospective study reports significant hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic effects in type 2 diabetic subjects who were provided the complete diet plan to be on low glycaemic index (GI) and low-medium glycaemic load (GL) Indian vegetarian snacks and mixed meals for 4 continuous weeks. Five millilitres of fasting blood sample drawn at weekly intervals for 4 weeks were analysed for blood glucose, HbA1c and lipid profile. Four weeks later mean blood glucose level of 173.6 mg% decreased to 137.8 mg%, HbA1c of 8% also decreased to 7.1% which reflected the blood glucose level during the study period and hence correlated well with the fall in blood glucose level. Triglyceride level of 244.5 mg% decreased to 164.7 mg% (p < 0.0001) and total cholesterol of 173.5 mg% decreased to 134.6 mg% (p < 0.0001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 33 mg% increased to 39.8 mg% (p < 0.003), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol of 48.9 mg% decreased to 32.9 mg% (p < 0.0001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol of 90.1 mg% decreased to 64.3 (p < 0.009). This significant outcome can be improved further if compliance to low GI and low-to-medium GL diet is continued. This may achieve desired glycaemic control and that's limit oxidative stress. FAU - Pande, Ashwini
A low carbohydrate Mediterranean diet improves cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes control among overweight patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a 1-year prospective randomized intervention study.; BACKGROUND: The appropriate dietary intervention for overweight persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) is unclear. Trials comparing the effectiveness of diets are frequently limited by short follow-up times and high dropout rates. AIM: The effects of a low carbohydrate Mediterranean (LCM), a traditional Mediterranean (TM), and the 2003 American Diabetic Association (ADA) diet were compared, on health parameters during a 12-month period. METHODS: In this 12-month trial, 259 overweight diabetic patients (mean age 55 years, mean body mass index 31.4 kg/m(2)) were randomly assigned to one of the three diets. The primary end-points were reduction of fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c and triglyceride (TG) levels. RESULTS: 194 patients out of 259 (74.9%) completed follow-up. After 12 months, the mean weight loss for all patients was 8.3 kg: 7.7 kg for ADA, 7.4 kg for TM and 10.1 kg for LCM diets. The reduction in HbA1c was significantly greater in the LCM diet than in the ADA diet (-2.0 and -1.6%, respectively, p < 0.022). HDL cholesterol increased (0.1 mmol/l +/- 0.02) only on the LCM (p < 0.002). The reduction in serum TG was greater in the LCM (-1.3 mmol/l) and TM (-1.5 mmol/l) than in the ADA (-0.7 mmol/l), p = 0.001. CONCLUSIONS: An intensive 12-month dietary intervention in a community-based setting was effective in improving most modifiable cardiovascular risk factors in all the dietary groups. Only the LCM improved HDL levels and was superior to both the ADA and TM in improving glycaemic control. FAU - Elhayany, A
Use of complementary and alternative medicine supplements in patients with diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: This study was conducted to evaluate the current use of biologically-based complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) therapies in diabetics, considering health awareness, motivation, and expectations for CAM use. Moreover, patients' attitudes toward cinnamon preparations and the need for appropriate information from health care professionals were determined. METHODS: A total of 200 patients (59% men and 41% women) with type 1 (16%) or type 2 diabetes (84%) were interviewed using a standardized, validated questionnaire; the results from 198 respondents were analyzed. RESULTS: A third of type 1 and type 2 diabetics (women > men; p < 0.01) reported current use of biologically-based CAM supplements, and intake was significantly (r = 0.203; p < 0.05) correlated to the degree of health awareness/interest in self-care in type 2 diabetics. The use of nutritional supplements (vitamins/multivitamins and minerals), herbal medicine, and cinnamon was reported most frequently. Prevention (36%) and improved well-being/quality of life (13%) but not the positive modulation of diabetes management (4%) were given as main motivations. Eighty-three percent of type 1 diabetics (women > men; p < 0.05) and 70% of type 2 diabetics already knew about the postulated positive effect of cinnamon on blood glucose. Up to 85% reported a willingness or a probable willingness to test the effect of cinnamon on blood glucose. Among patients with type 2 diabetes the subjectively felt disease burden was found to have a significant (r = 0.235; p < 0.01) impact on the willingness to use cinnamon preparations for better diabetes management. CONCLUSION: This study indicates a remarkable interest in CAM remedies in the investigated group of diabetics as a strategy for active engagement in health and disease self-management. Healthcare professionals should be aware of the increasing number of patients using CAM supplements and hence incorporate these aspects into patient care in order to ensure patient satisfaction and optimize health care.
[Protein deficiency - a rare nutrient deficiency]. LID - E6XS [pii]; There is a widespread myth that we have to be careful about what we eat so that we do not cause protein deficiency. We know today that it is virtually impossible to design a calorie-sufficient diet, whether it is based on meat, fish, eggs, various vegetarian diets or even unprocessed whole natural plant foods, which is lacking in protein and any of the amino acids. The body is capable of taking incomplete proteins and making them complete by utilizing the amino acid recycling mechanism. The majority of amino acids absorbed from the intestinal tract are derived from recycled body protein. Research shows that high levels of animal protein intake may significantly increase the risk of premature mortality from all causes, among them cardiovascular diseases, cancer and type 2 diabetes. FAU - Johansson, Gunnar
Effects of nutrition motivational intervention in patients affected by type 2 diabetes mellitus: a longitudinal study in Naples, South Italy.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is associated with a prion diminished quality of life, especially due to the severe complications that it implicates. Changing dietary habits is an absolute priority, as well as implementing nutritional motivational programs. The aim of this study was to verify the effectiveness of a nutritional intervention in improving the health of patients affected by T2D. METHODS: A total of 69 patients participated in a nine-months motivational program focused on the principles of the Mediterranean diet, the classes of nutrients, the distribution of the meals during the day and the dietary choices. During regular meetings, the patients were requested to fill out a questionnaire about their dietary habits and behaviours. Clinical and metabolic parameters were also analysed. RESULTS: At the end of the intervention the number of people who declared that they ate five meals a day (p = 0.006) and preferred to have fruit for snack (p = 0.004) increased, while there was a reduction in the use of sweeteners and an elimination of the use of fructose (p = 0.05). The total daily consumption of kilocalories (kcal) had been reduced and the percentages of carbohydrates, proteins and lipids, after the intervention, follow the guidelines. In relation to this, a significant improvement (p < 0.05) was registered in systolic and diastolic pressure, BMI and waist circumference, as well as in glycaemic values (p = 0.018). CONCLUSIONS: A nutritional motivational intervention may be useful in improving dietary habits and health status of patients with T2D. We hope that a similar intervention will be applied in Campania and in other Italian regions. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registration number is ISRCTN11067689 ; date of registration: 10/09/2018. Retrospectively registered. FAU - Di Onofrio, Valeria
Nutrient Patterns Associated with Fasting Glucose and Glycated Haemoglobin Levels in a Black South African Population. LID - 10.3390/nu9010009 [doi] LID - 9; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) burden is increasing globally. However, evidence regarding nutrient patterns associated with the biomarkers of T2D is limited. This study set out to determine the nutrient patterns associated with fasting glucose and glycated haemoglobin the biomarkers of T2D. Factor analysis was used to derive nutrient patterns of 2010 participants stratified by urban/rural status and gender. Principal Component Analysis (PCA) was applied to 25 nutrients, computed from the quantified food frequency questionnaires (QFFQ). Three nutrient patterns per stratum, which accounted for 73% of the variation of the selected nutrients, were identified. Multivariate linear regression models adjusted for age, BMI, smoking, physical activity, education attained, alcohol intake, seasonality and total energy intake were computed. Starch, dietary fibre and B vitamins driven nutrient pattern was significantly associated with fasting glucose (β = -0.236 (-0.458; -0.014); p = 0.037) and glycated haemoglobin levels (β = -0.175 (-0.303; -0.047); p = 0.007) in rural women. Thiamine, zinc and plant protein driven nutrient pattern was associated with significant reductions in glycated haemoglobin and fasting glucose ((β = -0.288 (-0.543; -0.033); p = 0.027) and (β = -0.382 (-0.752; -0.012); p = 0.043), respectively) in rural men. Our results indicate that plant driven nutrient patterns are associated with low fasting glucose and glycated haemoglobin levels. FAU - Chikowore, Tinashe
An evaluation of dietary intakes of a selected group of South Asian migrant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Background: Women of South Asian descent have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and type 2 diabetes mellitus compared to Caucasian women. Dietary advice provided by health practitioners to this group has been found to be culturally inappropriate. The aim of this study was to describe the dietary intakes of South Asian women with gestational diabetes and use this information to develop culturally appropriate dietary models for education and support of dietary management.Method: An in-depth diet and lifestyle survey was administered with 13 eligible women. Dietary histories were collected for pre-pregnancy, during pregnancy and post-GDM diagnosis to evaluate changes in dietary intake, diet and health beliefs and traditional foods consumed during pregnancy.Results: The diets of participants did not meet nutrient requirements for pregnancy; specific areas on concern were dietary fibre, calcium, iron, folate and iodine. Vegetarians were particularly at risk with regards to energy and protein intake. Generally dietary intakes of these women with GDM were not consistent with guidelines for management of GDM. Confusion about what they should eat for GDM, health practitioner advice and conflict with cultural expectations about foods to consume during pregnancy was evident.Conclusion: The dietary information collected from these women was used to model sample menus for GDM that were culturally appropriate and consistent with vegetarian and non-vegetarian eating patterns. FAU - Croxford, Sharon
Nutritional update for physicians: plant-based diets.; The objective of this article is to present to physicians an update on plant-based diets. Concerns about the rising cost of health care are being voiced nationwide, even as unhealthy lifestyles are contributing to the spread of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. For these reasons, physicians looking for cost-effective interventions to improve health outcomes are becoming more involved in helping their patients adopt healthier lifestyles. Healthy eating may be best achieved with a plant-based diet, which we define as a regimen that encourages whole, plant-based foods and discourages meats, dairy products, and eggs as well as all refined and processed foods. We present a case study as an example of the potential health benefits of such a diet. Research shows that plant-based diets are cost-effective, low-risk interventions that may lower body mass index, blood pressure, HbA1C, and cholesterol levels. They may also reduce the number of medications needed to treat chronic diseases and lower ischemic heart disease mortality rates. Physicians should consider recommending a plant-based diet to all their patients, especially those with high blood pressure, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or obesity. FAU - Tuso, Philip J
Healthful dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes mellitus risk among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has reached epidemic proportions. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for T2DM after pregnancy. Adherence to healthful dietary patterns has been inversely associated with T2DM in the general population; however, whether these dietary patterns are associated with progression to T2DM among a susceptible population is unknown. METHODS: Four thousand four hundred thirteen participants from the Nurses' Health Study II cohort with prior GDM were followed up from 1991 to 2005. We derived the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary pattern adherence scores from a post-GDM validated food-frequency questionnaire, with cumulative average updating every 4 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated the relative risk (hazard ratios) and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: We observed 491 cases of incident T2DM during 52 743 person-years. All 3 patterns were inversely associated with T2DM risk with adjustment for age, total calorie intake, age at first birth, parity, ethnicity, parental diabetes, oral contraceptive use, menopause, and smoking. When we compared participants with the highest adherence (quartile 4) vs lowest (quartile 1), the aMED pattern was associated with 40% lower risk of T2DM (hazard ratio, 0.60 [95% CI, 0.44-0.82; P=.002]); the DASH pattern, with 46% lower risk (0.54 [0.39-0.73; P.001]); and the aHEI pattern, with 57% lower risk (0.43 [0.31-0.59; P.001]). Adjustment for body mass index moderately attenuated these findings. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with lower T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. The inverse associations are partly mediated by body mass index. FAU - Tobias, Deirdre K
Fundus Autofluorescence Captured With a Nonmydriatic Retinal Camera in Vegetarians Versus Nonvegetarians.; BACKGROUND: A baseline level of lipofuscin in the retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) is inevitable with age, but increased levels due to increased oxidative stress can result in deleterious vision loss at older ages. As earlier detection of differences in levels can lead to superior preventative management, we studied the relationship between lipofuscin accumulation and dietary lifestyle (vegetarian vs. nonvegetarian) in the younger, healthy South Asian population using retinal fundus autofluorescence (FAF) imaging. METHODS: In this pilot study, we examined 37 healthy subjects (average age 23 years ± 1) all undergoing similar stress levels as medical students at Rutgers New Jersey Medical School. Levels of lipofuscin concentrations were imaged using a FAF retinal camera (Canon CX-1). Two images (color and FAF) were captured of the left eye and included in the analysis. FAF quantitative scoring was measured in 2 regions of the captured image, the papillo-macular region (P) and the macula (M), by determining the grayscale score of a 35.5 mm(2) rectangle in the respective regions. Standardized scores (corrected to remove baseline fluorescence) were then obtained. Means, standard deviations, and t tests were performed for comparisons. RESULTS: Fundus autofluorescence scores of regions P and M were significantly different (P < .05) between groups. Region P was further standardized and results remained significant. CONCLUSIONS: Our preliminary results show that in this cohort, vegetarians had statistically significant lower levels of autofluorescence. These findings can have potential implications regarding long-term retinal health and risk for developing certain diseases over decades in subjects at risk for vision-threatening diseases.
Serum carbon and nitrogen stable isotopes as potential biomarkers of dietary intake and their relation with incident type 2 diabetes: the EPIC-Norfolk study.; BACKGROUND: Stable-isotope ratios of carbon (¹³C/¹²C, expressed as δ¹³C) and nitrogen (¹⁵N/¹⁴N, or δ¹⁵N) have been proposed as potential nutritional biomarkers to distinguish between meat, fish, and plant-based foods. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate dietary correlates of δ¹³C and δ¹⁵N and examine the association of these biomarkers with incident type 2 diabetes in a prospective study. DESIGN: Serum δ¹³C and δ¹⁵N (‰) were measured by using isotope ratio mass spectrometry in a case-cohort study (n = 476 diabetes cases; n = 718 subcohort) nested within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-Norfolk population-based cohort. We examined dietary (food-frequency questionnaire) correlates of δ¹³C and δ¹⁵N in the subcohort. HRs and 95% CIs were estimated by using Prentice-weighted Cox regression. RESULTS: Mean (±SD) δ¹³C and δ¹⁵N were -22.8 ± 0.4‰ and 10.2 ± 0.4‰, respectively, and δ¹³C (r = 0.22) and δ¹⁵N (r = 0.20) were positively correlated (P < 0.001) with fish protein intake. Animal protein was not correlated with δ¹³C but was significantly correlated with δ¹⁵N (dairy protein: r = 0.11; meat protein: r = 0.09; terrestrial animal protein: r = 0.12, P ≤ 0.013). δ¹³C was inversely associated with diabetes in adjusted analyses (HR per tertile: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.65, 0.83; P-trend < 0.001], whereas δ¹⁵N was positively associated (HR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.09, 1.38; P-trend = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The isotope ratios δ¹³C and δ¹⁵N may both serve as potential biomarkers of fish protein intake, whereas only δ¹⁵N may reflect broader animal-source protein intake in a European population. The inverse association of δ¹³C but a positive association of δ¹⁵N with incident diabetes should be interpreted in the light of knowledge of dietary intake and may assist in identifying dietary components that are associated with health risks and benefits. FAU - Patel, Pinal S
Fresh pomegranate juice ameliorates insulin resistance, enhances β-cell function, and decreases fasting serum glucose in type 2 diabetic patients.; Although the effects of pomegranate juice (PJ) on type 2 diabetic (T2D) conditions have been reported, a clinical study focusing on the short-term effects on different diabetic variables is still needed. We hypothesized that PJ consumption by T2D patients could reduce their insulin-resistant state and decrease their fasting serum glucose (FSG) levels, 3 hours after juice ingestion. This study demonstrated the direct effect of fresh PJ on FSG and insulin levels in T2D patients. Blood samples from 85 participants with type 2 diabetes were collected after a 12-hour fast, then 1 and 3 hours after administration of 1.5 mL of PJ, per kg body weight. Serum glucose was measured based on standard methods using the BS-200 Chemistry Analyzer (Shenzhen Mindray Bio-Medical Electronics Co Ltd, Shenzhen, China). Commercially available immunoassay kits were used to measure human insulin. Generally, the results demonstrated decreased FSG, increased β-cell function, and decreased insulin resistance among T2D participants, 3 hours after PJ administration (P < .05). This hypoglycemic response depended on initial FSG levels, as participants with lower FSG levels (7.1-8.7 mmol/L) demonstrated a greater hypoglycemic response (P < .05) compared with those who had higher FSG levels (8.8-15.8 mmol/L). The effect of PJ was also not affected by the sex of the patient and was less potent in elderly patients. In conclusion, this work offers some encouragement for T2D patients regarding PJ consumption as an additional contribution to control glucose levels.
The effect of three different ad libitum diets for weight loss maintenance: a randomized 18-month trial.; PURPOSE: To test the effect of three diets in their ability to sustain weight loss and improve type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk markers after 18-month intervention. METHODS: Following a ≥8 % weight loss, 131 healthy, overweight/obese (BMI ± SD 31.5 ± 2.6 kg/m(2)) men (n = 55) and women (n = 76) aged 28.2 ± 4.8 years were randomized to either 1. Moderate fat (40 E%) with 20 E% MUFA and low in glycemic index (GI) (MUFA, n = 54), 2. Low fat (25 E%) and medium in GI (LF, n = 51) or 3. Control (35 E% fat) and high in GI (CTR, n = 26) all with similar protein content, and all provided ad libitum. First 6-month intervention with 100 % food provision (previously reported) following 12 months of moderately intensive intervention with 20 % food provision now reported. RESULTS: Attrition rate was higher in MUFA (63 %) than in LF (37 %, P = 0.019) and CTR (42 %, P = 0.09) group. Weight regain in completers was not different between groups (mean ± SEM), MUFA 7.1 ± 2.1 % versus LF 5.6 ± 1.3 % versus CTR 7.2 ± 1.5 %, nor was body fat regain, MUFA 4.8 ± 1.0 % versus LF 4.7 ± 0.8 % versus CTR 5.7 ± 0.6 %. The MUFA group reduced LDL/HDL ratio by -0.47 ± 0.09 compared with -0.23 ± 0.11 in LF (P < 0.05) and 0.06 ± 0.14 (P < 0.005) in CTR groups. CONCLUSIONS: Weight regain or body composition did not differ between diets over 18 months. No effects on risk markers for T2D or CVD were found, with the exception of an improvement in the LDL/HDL ratio by the MUFA diet compared to the CTR diet. The LF diet was generally more satisfactory and the MUFA diet seemed more difficult to follow. FAU - Due, Anette
Impact of a 6-wk olive oil supplementation in healthy adults on urinary proteomic biomarkers of coronary artery disease, chronic kidney disease, and diabetes (types 1 and 2): a randomized, parallel, controlled, double-blind study.; BACKGROUND: Olive oil (OO) consumption is associated with cardiovascular disease prevention because of both its oleic acid and phenolic contents. The capacity of OO phenolics to protect against low-density lipoprotein (LDL) oxidation is the basis for a health claim by the European Food Safety Authority. Proteomic biomarkers enable an early, presymptomatic diagnosis of disease, which makes them important and effective, but understudied, tools for primary prevention. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the impact of supplementation with OO, either low or high in phenolics, on urinary proteomic biomarkers of coronary artery disease (CAD), chronic kidney disease (CKD), and diabetes. DESIGN: Self-reported healthy participants (n = 69) were randomly allocated (stratified block random assignment) according to age and body mass index to supplementation with a daily 20-mL dose of OO either low or high in phenolics (18 compared with 286 mg caffeic acid equivalents per kg, respectively) for 6 wk. Urinary proteomic biomarkers were measured at baseline and 3 and 6 wk alongside blood lipids, the antioxidant capacity, and glycation markers. RESULTS: The consumption of both OOs improved the proteomic CAD score at endpoint compared with baseline (mean improvement: -0.3 for low-phenolic OO and -0.2 for high-phenolic OO; P < 0.01) but not CKD or diabetes proteomic biomarkers. However, there was no difference between groups for changes in proteomic biomarkers or any secondary outcomes including plasma triacylglycerols, oxidized LDL, and LDL cholesterol. CONCLUSION: In comparison with low-phenolic OO, supplementation for 6 wk with high-phenolic OO does not lead to an improvement in cardiovascular health markers in a healthy cohort.
Effects of Mediterranean-style diet on glycemic control, weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors among type 2 diabetes individuals: a meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Studies suggest that the Mediterranean-style diet (MSD) may improve glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), but the results are inconsistent. We conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to explore the effects of MSD on glycemic control, weight loss and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D patients. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We performed searches of EMBASE, Cochrane Library and PubMed databases up to February 2014. We included RCTs that compared the MSD with control diets in patients with T2D. Effect size was estimated as mean difference with 95% confidence interval (CI) by using random effect models. RESULTS: The meta-analysis included nine studies with 1178 patients. Compared with control diets, MSD led to greater reductions in hemoglobin A1c (mean difference, -0.30; 95% CI, -0.46 to -0.14), fasting plasma glucose (-0.72 mmol/l; CI, -1.24 to -0.21), fasting insulin (-0.55 μU/ml; CI, -0.81 to -0.29), body mass index (-0.29 kg/m(2); CI, -0.46 to -0.12) and body weight (-0.29 kg; CI, -0.55 to -0.04). Likewise, concentrations of total cholesterol and triglyceride were decreased (-0.14 mmol/l; CI, -0.19 to -0.09 and -0.29 mmol/l; CI, -0.47 to -0.10, respectively), and high-density lipoprotein was increased (0.06 mmol/l; CI, 0.02 to 0.10). In addition, MSD was associated with a decline of 1.45 mm Hg (CI, -1.97 to -0.94) for systolic blood pressure and 1.41 mm Hg (CI, -1.84 to -0.97) for diastolic blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: The present meta-analysis provides evidence that MSD improves outcomes of glycemic control, body weight and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D patients. FAU - Huo, R
Medical school-based teaching kitchen improves HbA1c, blood pressure, and cholesterol for patients with type 2 diabetes: Results from a novel randomized controlled trial.; AIMS: A medical school-based teaching kitchen sought to establish proof-of-principle for its hands-on Mediterranean diet (MD)-based cooking and nutrition curriculum for patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: This pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) allocated 27 patients with T2D between the control and GCCM arms. Mixed effects linear regression with repeated measures was used to investigate differences from baseline to 6 months. The primary and secondary endpoints were HbA1c -0.3% (-27 mmol/mol) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) -10 mmHg and a 25% improved responses in dietary habits and attitudes and competencies in healthy nutrition. RESULTS: Compared to the control group, the GCCM group had superior HbA1c reduction (-0.4% vs. -0.3%, p = 0.575) that was not statistically significant. There were significantly greater reductions in the GCCM vs. control group for DBP (-4 vs. 7 mmHg, p=0.037) and total cholesterol (-14 vs. 17 mg/dL, p = 0.044). There was a greater proportion increase though not significant of GCCM subjects compared to controls who mostly believed they could eat correct portions (18% vs. -11%, p = 0.124), and who used nutrition panels to make food choices (34% vs. 0%, p = 0.745). CONCLUSION: This is the first known RCT demonstrating improved biometrics using a novel MD-based hands on cooking and nutrition curriculum for patients with T2D. These results suggest subsequent clinical trials are warranted on the grounds of documented feasibility and clinical efficacy.
Prevalence of vitamin B(12) deficiency in South Indians with different grades of glucose tolerance.; AIMS: To determine the prevalence of vitamin B(12) deficiency in an urban south Indian population in individuals with different grades of glucose tolerance. METHODS: A total of 1500 individuals [900 normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 300 prediabetes and 300 type 2 diabetes (T2DM)] who were not on vitamin B(12) supplementation were randomly selected from the Chennai Urban Rural Epidemiological Study (CURES) follow-up study. Anthropometric, clinical and biochemical investigations, which included vitamin B(12), insulin, homocysteine, HbA1c and serum lipids, were measured. Vitamin B(12) ≤ 191 pg/ml was defined as absolute vitamin B(12) deficiency and vitamin B(12) > 191 pg/ml and ≤ 350 pg/ml as borderline deficiency. RESULTS: The mean levels of vitamin B(12) significantly decreased with increasing degrees of glucose tolerance (NGT 444 ± 368; prediabetes 409 ± 246; T2DM 389 ± 211 pg/ml, p = 0.021). The prevalence of absolute vitamin B(12) deficiency was 14.9% while 37.6% had borderline deficiency. The prevalence of absolute vitamin B(12) deficiency was significantly higher among individuals with T2DM (18.7%) followed by prediabetes (15%) and NGT(13.7%) [p for trend = 0.05]. The prevalence of vitamin B(12) significantly increased with age (p < 0.05) and in those with abdominal obesity (p < 0.001). Men and vegetarians had twice the risk of vitamin B(12) deficiency compared to women and non-vegetarians, respectively. Among individuals with NGT, prediabetes and T2DM, vitamin B(12) negatively correlated with homocysteine. CONCLUSION: This study reports that the levels of vitamin B(12) decreased with increasing severity of glucose tolerance. FAU - Jayashri, Ramamoorthy
Preventive effects of a soy-based diet supplemented with stevioside on the development of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes in Zucker diabetic fatty rats.; The world witnesses an explosive increase in diabetes, demanding intensified prevention and treatment not least for the low-income population. The plant, Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni, has been used for the treatment of diabetes in traditional medicine. We have previously demonstrated that stevioside, a diterpene glycoside isolated from the plant Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni, possesses insulinotropic, glucagonostatic, antihyperglycemic, and blood pressure-lowering effects in animal studies. We have also found that a dietary supplement, Abalon, of soy protein, isoflavones, and cotyledon fiber has beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk markers in type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to investigate if the combination of stevioside and a dietary supplement of soy protein possesses beneficial qualities in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. We randomized male Zucker diabetic fatty rats into 4 groups and fed them the different test diets for 10 weeks: (A) standard carbohydrate-rich laboratory diet (chow), (B) chow+stevioside (0.03 g/kg body weight [BW] per day), (C) 50% soy (Abalon)+50% chow (adjusted for vitamins and minerals), and (D) 50% soy (Abalon)+50% chow+stevioside 0.03 g/kg BW per day. We measured plasma glucose, blood pressure, weight, and food intake once weekly. The animals were equipped with an intra-arterial catheter, and at week 10, the conscious rats underwent an intra-arterial glucose tolerance test (2.0 g/kg BW). Stevioside exerts beneficial effects in type 2 diabetic Zucker diabetic fatty rats, that is, lowers blood glucose (area under the glucose curve [AUC(30min)]: group A vs B, a 19% reduction; and group C vs D, a 12% reduction; P<.001). We did not detect any effect on insulin or glucagon responses. After 2 weeks of treatment, a decrease in the systolic blood pressure was observed in the stevioside-treated groups (P<.01). Abalon had beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk markers, that is, (1) lowers total cholesterol (P<.01), (2) reduces triglycerides (P=.01), and (3) reduces free fatty acids (P<.001). The combination of stevioside and soy supplementation appears to possess the potential as effective treatment of a number of the characteristic features of the metabolic syndrome, that is, hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A long-term human study of the concept in type 2 diabetic subjects is needed to verify these promising results in animal diabetes. FAU - Dyrskog, Stig Eric Underbjerg
Nutrition transition and health status of Cretan women: evidence from two generations.; OBJECTIVE: Research has suggested the abandonment of the traditional Mediterranean diet (MD) by youngsters for a more Westernized regime. The present study aimed (i) to delineate differences in the consumption of traditional Cretan dishes and key nutrients in the MD between two contiguous generations of women and (ii) define how these dietary changes contribute to the morbidity of the younger generation. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. SETTING: The island of Crete, Greece. SUBJECTS: Eighty pairs of mothers and daughters, all living in their own households, were recruited from Crete. Information regarding the consumption of traditional Cretan dishes and two previous-day recalls were collected. The health status of the participants was also recorded. Simple correspondence analysis (SCA) was used to assess associations between differences in the food intake of daughters compared with their mothers and the prevalence of disease. RESULTS: The younger women showed increased intakes of rusks and meat dishes and decreased consumption of green vegetables, pulses and wine compared with their mothers. When nutrients were accounted for, only sugar consumption of the younger women surpassed the intake reported by their mothers. SCA associated hypercholesterolaemia in the daughters with increased cheese and meat intakes; allergies and respiratory problems were associated with lower cheese, fish and oil intakes; being overweight was associated with higher baked goods, oils, desserts, fish and alcohol intakes; and Fe-deficiency anaemia was associated with lower consumption of green vegetables. CONCLUSIONS: Results showed that, although a trend towards a more Westernized diet was noted in the younger women, the differences between the two generations appear to be small. Therefore, in Crete, the MD is still the primary diet regime. FAU - Tsakiraki, Malamo
A randomized cross-over trial of the postprandial effects of three different diets in patients with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: In the clinic setting both fasting levels of glucose and the area under the curve (AUC) of glucose, by determination of HbA1c levels, are used for risk assessments, in type 2 diabetes (NIDDM). However little is known about postprandial levels, and hence AUC, regarding other traditional risk factors such as insulin and blood-lipids and how this is affected by different diets. OBJECTIVE: To study postprandial effects of three diets, during a single day, in NIDDM. METHODS: A low-fat diet (45-56 energy-% from carbohydrates), and a low-carbohydrate diet (16-24 energy-% from carbohydrates) was compared with a Mediterranean-style diet (black coffee for breakfast and the same total-caloric intake as the other two diets for lunch with red wine, 32-35 energy-% from carbohydrates) in a randomized cross-over design. Total-caloric intake/test-day at the clinic from food was 1025-1080 kCal in men and 905-984 kCal in women. The test meals were consumed at a diabetes ward under supervision. RESULTS: Twenty-one participants were recruited and 19 completed the studies. The low-carbohydrate diet induced lower insulin and glucose excursions compared with the low-fat diet (p<0.0005 for both AUC). The insulin-response following the single Mediterranean-style lunch-meal was more pronounced than during the low-fat diet lunch (insulin increase-ratio of the low-fat diet: 4.35 ± 2.2, of Mediterranean-style diet: 8.12 ± 5.2, p = 0.001) while postprandial glucose levels were similar. The increase-ratio of insulin correlated with the elevation of the incretin glucose-dependent insulinotropic-polypeptide following the Mediterranean-style diet lunch (Spearman, r = 0.64, p = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: The large Mediterranean-style lunch-meal induced similar postprandial glucose-elevations as the low-fat meal despite almost double amount of calories due to a pronounced insulin-increase. This suggests that accumulation of caloric intake from breakfast and lunch to a single large Mediterranean style lunch-meal in NIDDM might be advantageous from a metabolic perspective. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01522157 NCT01522157. FAU - Fernemark, Hanna
Animal versus plant protein meals in individuals with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria: effects on renal, glycemic, and lipid parameters.; OBJECTIVE: To determine, for individuals with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria, the effects of 6 weeks of meals containing plant-based protein (PP) versus meals with predominantly animal-based protein (AP) on renal function and secondarily on glycemia, lipid levels, and blood pressure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a randomized crossover trial, we compared 6 weeks of meals containing only PP with meals containing primarily AP (60% animal, 40% plant) in 17 subjects with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria treated with diet and/or oral antidiabetic agents. Protein content was equivalent to the average American diet, and calories provided weight maintenance. Nutrients were equivalent between the two diets. Meals were prepared and packaged by a metabolic kitchen staff and were sent home weekly. At the beginning and end of each 6-week period, subjects were studied for 36 h on a metabolic unit. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between diets for glomerular filtration rate, renal plasma flow, albumin excretion rate, total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglyceride area under the curve (AUC), glucose and insulin AUC, HbA(1c,) blood pressure, or serum amino acids. For both diets, at the end of the treatment periods as compared with baseline, total cholesterol was significantly lower (PP and AP: from 4.75 to 4.34 mmol/l, P < 0.01), HbA(1c) had significantly improved (PP: from 8.1 to 7.5%, P < 0.01; AP: from 7.9 to 7.4%, P < 0.01), and diastolic blood pressure was significantly lower (PP: from 83 to 80 mmHg, P < 0.02; AP: from 82 to 78, P < 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: There is no clear advantage for the recommendation of diets containing only PP rather than diets containing protein that is primarily animal-based for individuals with type 2 diabetes and microalbuminuria. There are, however, potential lipid, glycemic, and blood pressure benefits for following a carefully constructed, weight-maintaining, healthy diet, regardless of protein source. FAU - Wheeler, Madelyn L
Toward improved management of NIDDM: A randomized, controlled, pilot intervention using a lowfat, vegetarian diet.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether glycemic and lipid control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) can be significantly improved using a low-fat, vegetarian (vegan) diet in the absence of recommendations regarding exercise or other lifestyle changes. METHODS: Eleven subjects with NIDDM recruited from the Georgetown University Medical Center or the local community were randomly assigned to a low-fat vegan diet (seven subjects) or a conventional low-fat diet (four subjects). Two additional subjects assigned to the control group failed to complete the study. The diets were not designed to be isocaloric. Fasting serum glucose, body weight, medication use, and blood pressure were assessed at baseline and biweekly thereafter for 12 weeks. Serum lipids, glycosylated hemoglobin, urinary albumin, and dietary macronutrients were assessed at baseline and 12 weeks. RESULTS: Although the sample was intentionally small in accordance with the pilot study design, the 28% mean reduction in fasting serum glucose of the experimental group, from 10.7 to 7.75 mmol/L (195 to 141 mg/dl), was significantly greater than the 12% decrease, from 9.86 to 8.64 mmol/L (179 to 157 mg/dl), for the control group (P < 0.05). The mean weight loss was 7.2 kg in the experimental group, compared to 3. 8 kg for the control group (P < 0.005). Of six experimental group subjects on oral hypoglycemic agents, medication use was discontinued in one and reduced in three. Insulin was reduced in both experimental group patients on insulin. No patient in the control group reduced medication use. Differences between the diet groups in the reductions of serum cholesterol and 24-h microalbuminuria did not reach statistical significance; however, high-density lipoprotein concentration fell more sharply (0.20 mmol/L) in the experimental group than in the control group (0.02 mmol/L) (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The use of a low-fat, vegetarian diet in patients with NIDDM was associated with significant reductions in fasting serum glucose concentration and body weight in the absence of recommendations for exercise. A larger study is needed for confirmation.
Dietary intake of vitamin K is inversely associated with mortality risk.; Vitamin K has been related to cardiovascular disease and cancer risk. However, data on total mortality are scarce. The aim of the present study was to assess the association between the dietary intake of different types of vitamin K and mortality in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular disease risk. A prospective cohort analysis was conducted in 7216 participants from the PREDIMED (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea) study (median follow-up of 4.8 y). Energy and nutrient intakes were evaluated using a validated 137-item food frequency questionnaire. Dietary vitamin K intake was calculated annually using the USDA food composition database and other published sources. Deaths were ascertained by an end-point adjudication committee unaware of the dietary habits of participants after they had reviewed medical records and linked up to the National Death Index. Cox proportional hazard models were fitted to assess the RR of mortality. Energy-adjusted baseline dietary phylloquinone intake was inversely associated with a significantly reduced risk of cancer and all-cause mortality after controlling for potential confounders (HR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.30, 0.96; and HR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.45, 0.90, respectively). In longitudinal assessments, individuals who increased their intake of phylloquinone or menaquinone during follow-up had a lower risk of cancer (HR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.95; and HR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.26, 0.64, respectively) and all-cause mortality (HR: 0.57; 95% CI: 0.44, 0.73; and HR: 0.55; 95% CI: 0.42, 0.73, respectively) than individuals who decreased or did not change their intake. Also, individuals who increased their intake of dietary phylloquinone had a lower risk of cardiovascular mortality risk (HR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.31, 0.86). However, no association between changes in menaquinone intake and cardiovascular mortality was observed (HR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.44, 1.29). An increase in dietary intake of vitamin K is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular, cancer, or all-cause mortality in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular disease risk. This trial was registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639. FAU - Juanola-Falgarona, Martí
Association between dietary phylloquinone intake and peripheral metabolic risk markers related to insulin resistance and diabetes in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.; BACKGROUND: Vitamin K has been related to glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and diabetes. Because inflammation underlies all these metabolic conditions, it is plausible that the potential role of vitamin K in glucose metabolism occurs through the modulation of cytokines and related molecules. The purpose of the study was to assess the associations between dietary intake of vitamin K and peripheral adipokines and other metabolic risk markers related to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Cross-sectional and longitudinal assessments of these associations in 510 elderly participants recruited in the PREDIMED centers of Reus and Barcelona (Spain). We determined 1-year changes in dietary phylloquinone intake estimated by food frequency questionnaires, serum inflammatory cytokines and other metabolic risk markers. RESULTS: In the cross-sectional analysis at baseline no significant associations were found between dietary phylloquinone intake and the rest of metabolic risk markers evaluated, with exception of a negative association with plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. After 1-year of follow-up, subjects in the upper tertile of changes in dietary phylloquinone intake showed a greater reduction in ghrelin (-15.0%), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (-12.9%), glucagon-like peptide-1 (-17.6%), IL-6 (-27.9%), leptin (-10.3%), TNF (-26.9%) and visfatin (-24.9%) plasma concentrations than those in the lowest tertile (all p<0.05). CONCLUSION: These results show that dietary phylloquinone intake is associated with an improvement of cytokines and other markers related to insulin resistance and diabetes, thus extending the potential protection by dietary phylloquinone on chronic inflammatory diseases. TRIAL REGISTRATION: http://www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639. FAU - Juanola-Falgarona, Martí
The sand rat, Psammomys obesus, develops type 2 diabetic retinopathy similar to humans.; PURPOSE: Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is a leading cause of blindness, yet pertinent animal models are uncommon. The sand rat (Psammomys obesus), exhibiting diet-induced metabolic syndrome, might constitute a relevant model. METHODS: Adult P. obesus (n = 39) were maintained in captivity for 4 to 7 months and fed either vegetation-based diets (n = 13) or standard rat chow (n = 26). Although plant-fed animals exhibited uniform body weight and blood glucose levels over time, nearly 60% of rat chow-raised animals developed diabetes-like symptoms (test group). Animals were killed, and their eyes and vitreous were processed for immunochemistry. RESULTS: Compared with plant-fed animals, diabetic animals showed many abnormal vascular features, including vasodilation, tortuosity, and pericyte loss within the blood vessels, hyperproteinemia and elevated ratios of proangiogenic and antiangiogenic growth factors in the vitreous, and blood-retinal barrier breakdown. Furthermore, there were statistically significant decreases in retinal cell layer thicknesses and densities, accompanied by profound alterations in glia (downregulation of glutamine synthetase, glutamate-aspartate transporter, upregulation of glial fibrillar acidic protein) and many neurons (reduced expression of protein kinase Cα and Cξ in bipolar cells, axonal degeneration in ganglion cells). Cone photoreceptors were particularly affected, with reduced expression of short- and mid-/long-wavelength opsins. Hypercaloric diet nondiabetic animals showed intermediate values. CONCLUSIONS: Simple dietary modulation of P. obesus induces a rapid and severe phenotype closely resembling human type 2 DR. This species presents a valuable novel experimental model for probing the neural (especially cone photoreceptor) pathogenic modifications that are difficult to study in humans and for screening therapeutic strategies. FAU - Saïdi, Tounès
Mediterranean dietary pattern and depression: the PREDIMED randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: A few observational studies have found an inverse association between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and the risk of depression. Randomized trials with an intervention based on this dietary pattern could provide the most definitive answer to the findings reported by observational studies. The aim of this study was to compare in a randomized trial the effects of two Mediterranean diets versus a low-fat diet on depression risk after at least 3 years of intervention. METHODS: This was a multicenter, randomized, primary prevention field trial of cardiovascular disease (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED Study)) based on community-dwelling men aged 55 to 80 years and women aged 60 to 80 years at high risk of cardiovascular disease (51% of them had type 2 diabetes; DM2) attending primary care centers affiliated with 11 Spanish teaching hospitals. Primary analyses were performed on an intention-to-treat basis. Cox regression models were used to assess the relationship between the nutritional intervention groups and the incidence of depression. RESULTS: We identified 224 new cases of depression during follow-up. There was an inverse association with depression for participants assigned to a Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts (multivariate hazard ratio (HR) 0.78; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.55 to 1.10) compared with participants assigned to the control group, although this was not significant. However, when the analysis was restricted to participants with DM2, the magnitude of the effect of the intervention with the Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts did reach statistical significance (multivariate HR = 0.59; 95% CI 0.36 to 0.98). CONCLUSIONS: The result suggest that a Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts could exert a beneficial effect on the risk of depression in patients with DM2. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial has been registered in the Current Controlled Trials with the number ISRCTN 35739639. FAU - Sánchez-Villegas, Almudena
Type 2 diabetes: Mediterranean diet delays need for drug therapy.; According to a trial in patients with recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes, adopting a "Mediterranean" diet seems to delay the need for glucose-lowering drugs by several years compared with a low-fat diet.
Dietary strategies for patients with type 2 diabetes in the era of multi-approaches; review and results from the Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial (DIRECT).; Dietary intervention is recognized as a key component in prevention and management of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and the debate persists: which dietary strategy is most effective. In the Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial (DIRECT) 322 moderately obese participants were randomized for 2 years to one of three diet groups: low-fat, Mediterranean and low-carbohydrate. Differential effects were observed in the sub-group of patients with T2DM at 24 months: participants randomized to the Mediterranean diet, which had the highest intake of dietary fibers and unsaturated to saturated fat ratio, achieved greater significant improvements in fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels. Patients who were randomized to the low-carbohydrate diet, which had the minimal intake of carbohydrates, achieved a significant reduction of hemoglobin A1C. Although improvements were observed in all groups, the low-fat diet was likely to be less beneficial in terms of glycemic control and lipid metabolism. Interpretation of results from different studies on dietary strategies may be complex since there is often no consistency in diet compositions, calorie restriction, intensity of intervention, dietary assessment or extent of adherence in the trial. Nevertheless, it seems that low fat restricted calorie diets are effective for weight loss and are associated with some metabolic benefits; however, some recent trials have shown that low carbohydrate diets are as efficient in inducing weight loss and in some metabolic measures such as serum triglycerides and HDL-cholesterol may be even superior to low fat diets. When addressing the issue of diet quality rather than quantity applying the glycemic index may have some added benefits. Furthermore special features of the Mediterranean diet have apparent additional favorable effects for patients with T2DM.
Social support and social-ecological resources as mediators of lifestyle intervention effects for type 2 diabetes.; A study was conducted to determine if an intervention could change social support and social-ecological resources of post-menopausal women diagnosed with type 2 diabetes, and if those changes mediated the intervention's effects on health behaviors and outcomes. Women (N = 279) were randomly assigned to receive a comprehensive 6-month Mediterranean Lifestyle Program (MLP) or usual care from their physicians (UC). MLP was successful in changing social embeddedness and social-ecological resources, but not a measure of perceived support. Changes in social-ecological resources mediated intervention effects on fat consumption, exercise and glycemic control. The experimental manipulation of mediators and the demonstrated mediation effects support the conclusion that social-ecological resources can contribute to improvements in healthful lifestyles for women with type 2 diabetes. FAU - Barrera, Manuel Jr
Serum homocysteine, folate, vitamin B12 and total antioxidant status in vegetarian children.; PURPOSE: The results of several studies point to the positive role of vegetarian diets in reducing the risk of diabetes, some cancers and cardiovascular diseases. However, exclusion of animal products in vegetarian diets may affect the cobalamin status and cause an elevation of the plasma homocysteine level. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of vegetarian diets on serum concentrations of homocysteine, folate, vitamin B12 and total antioxidant status (TAS) in children. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study included 32 vegetarians (including 5 vegans), age 2-10 years. Dietary constituents were analyzed using a local nutritional programme. Serum homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 were determined with fluorescence and chemiluminescence immunoassays. The concentration of TAS was measured by a colorimetric method. RESULTS: Average daily energy intake and the percentage of energy from protein, fat and carbohydrates in the diets of the studied children were just above or similar to the recommended amounts. It could be shown that vegetarian diets contain high concentrations of folate. In vegan diets it even exceeds the recommended dietary allowance. Mean daily intake of vitamin B12 in the studied diets was adequate but in vegans was below the recommended range. The serum concentrations of homocysteine, folate, vitamin B12 and TAS in vegetarian children remained within the physiological range. CONCLUSIONS: The presented data indicate that vegetarian children, contrary to adults, have enough vitamin B12 in their diet (excluding vegans) and normal serum concentrations of homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12. Therefore, in order to prevent deficiencies in the future, close monitoring of vegetarian children (especially on a vegan diet) is important to make sure that they receive adequate quantities of nutrients needed for healthy growth. FAU - Ambroszkiewicz, J
Similar prediction of total mortality, diabetes incidence and cardiovascular events using relative- and absolute-component Mediterranean diet score: the SUN cohort.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Accumulated evidence supports the effectiveness of Mediterranean-type diets (MeDiet) in reducing mortality and preventing several chronic diseases. Widely used scores to assess adherence to MeDiet are based on specific sample characteristics; alternatively, they might be built according to absolute/normative cut-off points for the consumption of specific food groups (pre-defined servings/day or/week). The aim of this study was to compare sample-specific MeDiet adherence scores (MDS) versus absolute-normative scores (Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener - MEDAS) on their association with macronutrient intake, total mortality and incidence of chronic diseases. DESIGN: SUN (Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra) dynamic prospective cohort study (60.5% women; mean age 38.4 years). METHODS AND RESULTS: In cross-sectional analyses (n=20,155) we evaluated macronutrient distribution according to MDS (based on 136-item FFQ), MEDAS (based on 13 questions), and variants of both. In prospective analyses (n=9109; mean follow-up: 6.2 years), we evaluated disease incidence or mortality. Adherence to MeDiet increased with age and, as expected, was associated with higher fiber intake, lower total fat intake but higher monounsaturated/saturated fat ratio, using all scores. Among subjects initially free of cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD), adherence to MeDiet appraised with an absolute-normative score (MEDAS) similarly predicted macronutrient distribution and disease incidence or mortality (diabetes incidence, CVD or all-cause mortality), when compared to a sample-specific score based on 136-item FFQ (MDS). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to MeDiet was associated with a decreased incidence of a composite outcome including diabetes incidence, cardiovascular events incidence or all-cause mortality.
Mediterranean Diet Pyramid: A Proposal for Italian People. A Systematic Review of Prospective Studies to Derive Serving Sizes. LID - 10.3390/nu11061296 [doi] LID - 1296; In the last decade, a number of meta-analyses of mostly observational studies evaluated the relation between the intake of food groups and the risk of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs). In this study, we systematically reviewed dose-response meta-analyses of prospective studies with the aim to derive the quantities of food to consume to attain a protective (Mediterranean food) or a non-adverse (non-Mediterranean food) effect toward selected NCDs such as cardiovascular disease (CVD) including coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), colorectal (CRC) and breast cancer. These derived quantities, wherever possible, were suggested for a quantification of food servings of the Mediterranean Diet Pyramid proposed for Italian People (MDPPI). This pyramid came from the Modern Mediterranean Diet Pyramid developed in 2009 for Italian people. A weekly menu plan was built on the advice about frequency of intakes and serving sizes of such pyramid and the nutritional composition of this diet was compared with the Reference Italian Mediterranean Diet followed in 1960 in Nicotera. The diet built according the advice of MDPPI was very similar to that of Nicotera in the late 1950s that has been chosen as Italian Reference Mediterranean Diet with the exception of percentage of energy provided by cereals that was lower and of fruits and vegetables that was higher. Saturated fatty acids were only the 6% of daily energy intake. Also the Mediterranean Adequacy Index (MAI) was very similar to that of the aforementioned diet. FAU - D'Alessandro, Annunziata
[Vegetarian diets; effect on health].; Vegetarian diets are those diets mainly based on the consumption of vegetable product, but that also permit consumption of eggs and milk. The American Dietetic Association made a declaration on these vegetarian diets in which they stated that <<a well-planned vegetarian diet is healthy, nutritionally adequate and provides health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases>>. Some studies have shown beneficial results in obesity, cancer, Parkinson disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and urinary stones, compared with the omnivorous. The possible theoretical benefits in some diseases has been seen in the medical practice (diabetes mellitus, obesity, cardiovascular risk). However more studies are needed in the case of Parkinson's disease and rheumatoid arthritis. FAU - de Luis Román, D
Withdrawal of red meat from the usual diet reduces albuminuria and improves serum fatty acid profile in type 2 diabetes patients with macroalbuminuria.; BACKGROUND: Replacement of red meat in the diet with chicken has reduced the urinary albumin excretion rate (UAER) and serum cholesterol in microalbuminuric type 2 diabetes patients. The effects of withdrawing red meat are unknown in the more advanced stages of diabetic nephropathy. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to assess the effects of replacing red meat in the usual diet (UD) with chicken (CD) and of consuming a lactovegetarian low-protein diet (LPD) on renal function, fatty acid, and lipid profile in macroalbuminuric type 2 diabetes patients. DESIGN: A crossover controlled trial was conducted in 17 type 2 diabetes patients with macroalbuminuria (24-h UAER > or = 200 microg/min). Each patient followed the UD, CD, and LPD in a random order for 4 wk. After each diet, glomerular filtration rate, UAER, serum fatty acid, lipid profile, glycemic control, anthropometric indexes, and blood pressure were measured. RESULTS: UAER [median CD: 269.4 (range: 111-1128) microg/min; LPD: 229.3 (76.6-999.3) microg/min; UD: 312.8 (223.7-1223.7) microg/min; P < 0.01] and mean (+/-SD) non-HDL cholesterol (CD: 3.92 +/- 0.99 mmol/L; LPD: 3.92 +/- 0.93 mmol/L; UD: 4.23 +/- 1.06 mmol/L; P = 0.042) were lower after CD and LPD than after UD. Compared with the UD, an increase in serum total polyunsaturated fatty acids was also observed (CD: 39.8 +/- 2.6%; LPD: 39.7 +/- 4.4%; UD: 37.3 +/- 3.1%; P = 0.029). CONCLUSION: In macroalbuminuric patients with type 2 diabetes, withdrawing red meat from the diet reduces the UAER. FAU - de Mello, Vanessa D F
Green tea extract with polyethylene glycol-3350 reduces body weight and improves glucose tolerance in db/db and high-fat diet mice.; Green tea extract (GTE) is regarded to be effective against obesity and type 2 diabetes, but definitive evidences have not been proven. Based on the assumption that the gallated catechins (GCs) in GTE attenuate intestinal glucose and lipid absorption, while enhancing insulin resistance when GCs are present in the circulation through inhibiting cellular glucose uptake in various tissues, this study attempted to block the intestinal absorption of GCs and prolong their residence time in the lumen. We then observed whether GTE containing the nonabsorbable GCs could ameliorate body weight (BW) gain and glucose intolerance in db/db and high-fat diet mice. Inhibition of the intestinal absorption of GCs was accomplished by co-administering the nontoxic polymer polyethylene glycol-3350 (PEG). C57BLKS/J db/db and high-fat diet C57BL/6 mice were treated for 4 weeks with drugs as follows: GTE, PEG, GTE+PEG, voglibose, or pioglitazone. GTE mixed with meals did not have any ameliorating effects on BW gain and glucose intolerance. However, the administration of GTE plus PEG significantly reduced BW gain, insulin resistance, and glucose intolerance, without affecting food intake and appetite. The effect was comparable to the effects of an α-glucosidase inhibitor and a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ/α agonist. These results indicate that prolonging the action of GCs of GTE in the intestinal lumen and blocking their entry into the circulation may allow GTE to be used as a prevention and treatment for both obesity and obesity-induced type 2 diabetes. FAU - Park, Jae-Hyung
Close adherence to a Mediterranean diet improves endothelial function in subjects with abdominal obesity.; BACKGROUND: Abdominal obesity (AO) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, whereas the Mediterranean diet exerts a cardioprotective effect. OBJECTIVE: We examined whether a close adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet improves endothelial function in individuals with AO. DESIGN: We recruited 90 subjects with AO without cardiovascular disease or type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomly assigned to the intervention or control group. Both groups were instructed to follow a Mediterranean-style diet for 2 mo. Subjects in the intervention group additionally had to follow a specific relevant daily and weekly food plan with close supervision by a dietitian and provision of basic foods. Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), lipids, C-reactive protein (CRP), and insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) were measured. RESULTS: After 2 mo, subjects in the intervention group increased their intake of total fat due to higher consumption of monounsaturated fatty acids as well as intakes of dietary fiber, vitamin C, and alcohol compared with the control group (all P < 0.05). The intervention group also increased FMD ( 2.05%; 95% CI: 0.97, 3.13%), whereas no effect was found in the control group (-0.32%; 95% CI: -1.31, 0.67%). Changes in lipids and CRP concentrations did not differ between the 2 groups, whereas diastolic blood pressure decreased in the intervention group (-6.44 mm Hg; 95% CI: -8.57, -4.31 mm Hg) compared with the control group (-0.76 mm Hg; 95% CI: -2.83, 1.31 mm Hg). Finally, there was a trend for a reduction in HOMA-IR in the intervention group compared with the control group (P = 0.072). CONCLUSION: Close adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet achieved by close dietetic supervision improves endothelial function in subjects with AO. FAU - Rallidis, Loukianos S
A multicomponent intervention reduces body weight and cardiovascular risk at a GEICO corporate site.; PURPOSE: To determine whether a multicomponent nutrition intervention program at a corporate site reduces body weight and improves other cardiovascular risk factors in overweight individuals. DESIGN: Prospective clinical intervention study. SUBJECTS/SETTING: Employees of the Government Employees Insurance Company (GEICO) (N = 113), aged 21 to 65 years, with a body mass index > or =25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. INTERVENTION: A 22-week intervention including a low-fat, vegan diet. MEASURES: Changes in body weight, anthropometric measures, blood pressure, lipid profile, and dietary intake. ANALYSIS: Multivariate analyses of variance were calculated for clinical and nutrient measures, followed by univariate analyses of variance, to determine the significance of differences between groups in changes over time. RESULTS: Intervention-group participants experienced greater weight changes compared with control-group participants (mean, -5.1 [SE, .6] kg vs. + .1 [SE, .6] kg, p < .0001), as well as greater changes in waist circumference (mean, -4.7 [SE, .6] cm vs. + .8 [SE, .6] cm, p < .0001) and waistratiohip ratio (mean, -.006 [SE, .003] vs. + .014 [SE, .005], p = .0007). Weight loss of 5% of body weight was more frequently observed in the intervention group (48.5%) compared with the control group (11.1%) (chi(2)[1, N = 113] = 16.99, p < .0001). CONCLUSIONS: Among individuals volunteering for a 22-week worksite research study, an intervention using a low-fat, vegan diet effectively reduced body weight and waist circumference. FAU - Ferdowsian, Hope R
Comparative effect of two Mediterranean diets versus a low-fat diet on glycaemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Although benefits have been attributed to the Mediterranean diet, its effect on glycaemic control has not been totally elucidated. The aim of this work was to compare the effect of two Mediterranean diets versus a low-fat diet on several parameters and indices related to glycaemic control in type 2 diabetic subjects. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A multicentric parallel trial was conducted on 191 participants (77 men and 114 women) of the PREDIMED study in order to compare three dietary interventions: two Mediterranean diets supplemented with virgin olive oil (n=67; body mass index (BMI)=29.4±2.9) or mixed nuts (n=74; BMI=30.1±3.1) and a low-fat diet (n=50; BMI=29.8±2.8). There were no drop-outs. Changes in body weight and waist circumference were determined. Insulin resistance was measured by HOMA-IR index, adiponectin/leptin and adiponectin/HOMA-R ratios after 1 year of follow-up. RESULTS: Increased values of adiponectin/leptin ratio (P=0.043, P=0.001 and P<0.001 for low-fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively) and adiponectin/HOMA-IR ratio (P=0.061, P=0.027 and P=0.069 for low-fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively) and decreased values of waist circumference (P=0.003, P=0.001 and P=0.001 for low-fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively) were observed in the three groups. In both Mediterranean diet groups, but not in the low-fat diet group, this was associated with a significant reduction in body weight (P=0.347, P=0.003 and P=0.021 for low-fat, olive oil and nut diets, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diets supplemented with virgin olive oil or nuts reduced total body weight and improved glucose metabolism to the same extent as the usually recommended low-fat diet. FAU - Lasa, A
Predictors of adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet in the PREDIMED trial.; BACKGROUND: Determinants of dietary changes obtained with a nutritional intervention promoting the Mediterranean diet have been rarely evaluated. AIM: To identify predictors of higher success of an intervention aimed to increase adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) in individuals at high cardiovascular risk participating in a trial for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease: the PREDIMED (PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea) trial. Candidate predictors included demographic and socioeconomic characteristics, cardiovascular risk factors, and baseline dietary habits. METHODS: A total of 1,048 asymptomatic subjects aged 55-80 years allocated to the active intervention groups (subjects in the control group were excluded). Participants' characteristics were assessed at baseline among subjects. Dietary changes were evaluated after 12 months. Main outcome measures were: attained changes in five dietary goals: increases in (1) fruit consumption, (2) vegetable consumption, (3) monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA)/saturated fatty acid (SFA) ratio, and decreases in (4) sweets and pastries consumption, (5) and meat consumption. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to examine associations between the candidate predictors and likelihood of attaining optimum dietary change (improved adherence to a MeDiet). RESULTS: Among men, positive changes toward better compliance with the MeDiet were more frequent among non-diabetics, and among those with worse dietary habits at baseline (higher consumption of meat, higher SFA intake, lower consumption of fruit and vegetables). Among women, marital status (married) and worse baseline dietary habits (high in meats, low in fruits and vegetables) were the strongest predictors of success in improving adherence to the MeDiet. CONCLUSIONS: Some participant characteristics (marital status and baseline dietary habits) could contribute to predicting the likelihood of achieving dietary goals in interventions aimed to improve adherence to a MeDiet, and may be useful for promoting individualized long-term dietary changes and improving the effectiveness of dietary counseling. FAU - Zazpe, Itziar
A multicenter randomized controlled trial of a plant-based nutrition program to reduce body weight and cardiovascular risk in the corporate setting: the GEICO study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To determine the effects of a low-fat plant-based diet program on anthropometric and biochemical measures in a multicenter corporate setting. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Employees from 10 sites of a major US company with body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes were randomized to either follow a low-fat vegan diet, with weekly group support and work cafeteria options available, or make no diet changes for 18 weeks. Dietary intake, body weight, plasma lipid concentrations, blood pressure and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) were determined at baseline and 18 weeks. RESULTS: Mean body weight fell 2.9 kg and 0.06 kg in the intervention and control groups, respectively (P<0.001). Total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol fell 8.0 and 8.1 mg/dl in the intervention group and 0.01 and 0.9 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.01). HbA1C fell 0.6 percentage point and 0.08 percentage point in the intervention and control group, respectively (P<0.01).Among study completers, mean changes in body weight were -4.3 kg and -0.08 kg in the intervention and control groups, respectively (P<0.001). Total and LDL cholesterol fell 13.7 and 13.0 mg/dl in the intervention group and 1.3 and 1.7 mg/dl in the control group (P<0.001). HbA1C levels decreased 0.7 percentage point and 0.1 percentage point in the intervention and control group, respectively (P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: An 18-week dietary intervention using a low-fat plant-based diet in a corporate setting improves body weight, plasma lipids, and, in individuals with diabetes, glycemic control. FAU - Mishra, S
Investigation of mechanisms involved in postprandial glycemia and insulinemia attenuation with dietary fibre consumption.; This work examines the mechanisms involved in the attenuation of postprandial glycemic and insulinemic responses associated with soluble dietary fibre (SDF) consumption. The effect of SDF, including yellow mustard mucilage, soluble flaxseed gum and fenugreek gum on in vitro amylolysis and maltose transport was studied. Furthermore, a human clinical trial was conducted to investigate the effect of SDF consumption on postprandial glycemic and insulinemic responses and gastric emptying, as estimated based on the absorption of paracetamol. Participants (n = 15) at risk for type II diabetes consumed maltose syrup- and starch-based pudding treatments supplemented with each SDF, each at a concentration to match three times the apparent viscosity (18.54 mPa s at 60 s(-1)) equivalent to the European Food Safety Authority (2011) glycemia control health claim for cereal β-glucan, measured under simulated small intestinal conditions. The presence of each SDF delayed in vitro amylolysis to a similar extent, but had no effect on maltose transport. Generally, all SDF-containing treatments attenuated blood glucose and plasma insulin peak concentrations and plasma paracetamol 1 h incremental area under the curve values to a similar extent, relative to the controls, despite differences in the amounts at which each SDF was used (from 5.9 to 15.5 g). The postprandial attenuations were related to the ability of each SDF to modify digesta viscosity, perhaps through the delay of gastric emptying, as a delay of amylolysis and sugar transport under simulated upper intestinal conditions did not seem to have a substantial effect. FAU - Repin, Nikolay
An open label study on the supplementation of Gymnema sylvestre in type 2 diabetics.; Diabetes mellitus is a complex metabolic disorder characterized by chronic hyperglycemia, and associated with long-term damage and dysfunction of various organs. Management of diabetes is therefore vital and involves maintaining euglycemia as much as possible by reducing blood glucose and by increasing insulin sensitivity and peripheral glucose uptake. Ayurveda has promoted the management of diabetes by regulating carbohydrate metabolism using several medicinal herbs, one of which is Gymnema sylvestre (GS). GS has been used in parts of India as a hypoglycemic agent and the results have been encouraging. Accordingly, we planned a quasi-experimental study to investigate the efficacy of the herb among type 2 diabetics. Patients enrolled from free-living population were purposively assigned to experimental or control groups, based on their willingness to participate in the study. The experimental group was supplemented with 500 mg of the herb per day for a period of 3 months, and the efficacy of the herb was assessed through a battery of clinical and biochemical tests. Supplementation of the diet with GS reduced polyphagia, fatigue, blood glucose (fasting and post-prandial), and glycated hemoglobin and there was a favorable shift in lipid profiles and in other clinico-biochemical tests. These findings suggest a beneficial effect of GS in the management of diabetes mellitus. FAU - Kumar, Smriti Nanda
Magnesium status and association with diabetes in the Taiwanese elderly.; The average dietary intake of magnesium is below recommended dietary allowances in many affluent Western countries. Prolonged low magnesium intake tends to result in hypomagnesaemia which might increase the risk of chronic diseases in elderly people. A national population-based cross-sectional nutrition survey, the Elderly Nutrition and Health Survey in Taiwan (1999-2000), was used to investigate the magnesium status and association with diabetes in the Taiwanese elderly. Dietary magnesium intake was based on 24-hour dietary recalls. Blood biochemical parameters including plasma magnesium and blood glucose were also measured. Average magnesium intake was 250 mg in men and 216 mg in women, which is equivalent to 68-70% of relevant Taiwanese Dietary Reference Intakes. The mean plasma magnesium concentration was 0.903 mmol/L in men and 0.906 mmol/L in women. The prevalence of a plasma magnesium level of <0.7 mmol/L was 0.7-0.9% in the elderly, and that of <0.8 mmol/L was 8.0-9.1%. Elderly vegans had a significantly lower magnesium intake than ovo-lacto vegetarians and non-vegetarians. Diabetic men and women had significantly higher blood glucose levels than non-diabetics. The risk of diabetes was elevated 3.25 times at plasma magnesium levels<0.863 mmol/L. There was an inverse association between plasma magnesium concentration and the prevalence of diabetes. However, no association was found between diabetes and low dietary magnesium. Taiwanese elderly persons had suboptimal levels of dietary magnesium intake, which although may be sufficient to avoid overt magnesium deficiency, may not be sufficient to reduce the risk of diabetes in the elderly. Further prospective study is required to help explain the differential results between dietary and plasma magnesium levels. FAU - Wang, Jui-Line
Model Programs to Address Obesity and Cardiometabolic Disease: Interventions for Suboptimal Nutrition and Sedentary Lifestyles.; Problems posed by obesity-related endocrine diseases embody a national health crisis. Caloric excess and sedentary lifestyle from which they develop also pose significant challenges for rehabilitation providers. Almost two thirds of the U.S. population are currently overweight or obese, a number that has increased by >10% within the last decade and is expected to grow. An overweight body habitus is strongly associated with clinical hazards, including cardiometabolic syndrome, diabetes hypertension, and coronary artery disease. The component health risks of the cardiometabolic syndrome include coalescing of risk factors that predict a health calamity unless effective interventions can be developed and widely adopted. Obesity by itself is now considered an American Diabetes Association-qualified disability, but it is also disturbingly prevalent in other physical disability groupings of adults and children. This monograph describes successes of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), a National Institutes of Health multisite randomized controlled trial that reported significant weight reduction and a 58% decreased incidence of type-2 diabetes accompanying 1 year of structured lifestyle intervention. This treatment benefit (1) exceeded that of metformin pharmacotherapy, (2) was so powerful that the trial was closed before reaching endpoints, and (3) was judged cost-effective for the patient and society. The DPP roadmap incorporating physical activity, diet, and behavioral approaches has been widely adapted to specific community, faith, racial, ethnic, school, and national populations with excellent outcomes success. The lockstep physical activity approach, activity prescription, and long-term success of the program are described and compared with other programs to illustrate effective countermeasures for the pandemics of obesity and obesity-related cardioendocrine disease. We will illustrate adaptation of the DPP for a cohort of persons with disability from spinal cord injury and the benefits observed.
The Role of Adiponectin in Cardiometabolic Diseases: Effects of Nutritional Interventions.; Adiponectin is an adipocyte-derived hormone abundantly present in plasma that exerts its effects through the activation of 3 receptors. Its concentrations are negatively regulated by the accumulation of visceral fat, and clinical studies implicate hypoadiponectinemia in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus type 2, coronary artery disease, hypertension, and left ventricular hypertrophy. In contrast, high concentrations of adiponectin are associated with a decreased risk of coronary artery disease, with an improvement in the differentiation of preadipocytes into adipocytes, and with increased endothelial nitric oxide production. Therefore, adiponectin appears to be an important molecule involved in limiting the pathogenesis of obesity-linked disorders, and it may have potential benefits in the treatment and prevention of cardiovascular disease. Caloric restriction, moderate alcohol consumption, and consuming a Mediterranean diet increase adiponectin concentrations, and current evidence suggests a positive, dose-dependent relation between ω-3 (n-3) fatty acid intake and circulating concentrations of adiponectin. Recently, it was reported that the administration of aged garlic extract and a single food intervention with pistachios can increase adiponectin concentrations in individuals with metabolic syndrome. Moreover, the Mediterranean diet is associated with higher adiponectin concentrations. Additional studies are needed to evaluate the potential benefits of increasing adiponectin by nutritional interventions in the treatment and prevention of cardiometabolic diseases.
Dietary glycemic index/load and peripheral adipokines and inflammatory markers in elderly subjects at high cardiovascular risk.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Epidemiological and clinical studies suggest that low-glycemic index diets could protect against weight gain. However, the relationship between these diets and adipokines or inflammatory markers is unclear. In the present study we examine how the dietary glycemic index (GI) and dietary glycemic load (GL) are associated with several adipokines and related metabolic risk markers of obesity and diabetes in a cross-sectional and longitudinal manner. METHODS AND RESULTS: 511 elderly community-dwelling men and women at high cardiovascular risk were recruited for the PREDIMED trial. Dietary data were collected at baseline and after 1 year of follow-up. The GI and GL were calculated. Plasma leptin, adiponectin and other metabolic risk markers were measured at baseline and after 1 year. At baseline, subjects in the highest quartiles of GI showed significantly higher levels of TNF and IL-6 than those in the lowest quartiles. Dietary GI index was negatively related to plasma leptin and adiponectin levels. After 1 year of follow-up, subjects with a higher increase in dietary GI or GL showed a greater reduction in leptin and adiponectin plasma levels. There was no association between GI or GL and the other metabolic markers measured. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that the consumption of high-GI or high-GL diets may modulate plasma concentrations of leptin and adiponectin, both adipostatic molecules implicated in energy balance and cardiometabolic risk.
Biologic and quality-of-life outcomes from the Mediterranean Lifestyle Program: a randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: Few multiple lifestyle behavior change programs have been designed to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. This study tested the effectiveness of the Mediterranean Lifestyle Program (MLP), a comprehensive lifestyle self-management program (Mediterranean low-saturated fat diet, stress management training, exercise, group support, and smoking cessation), in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes (n = 279) were randomized to either usual care (control) or treatment (MLP) conditions. MLP participants took part in an initial 3-day retreat, followed by 6 months of weekly meetings, to learn and practice program components. Biological end points were changes in HbA(1c), lipid profiles, BMI, blood pressure, plasma fatty acids, and flexibility. Impact on quality of life was assessed. RESULTS: Multivariate ANCOVAs revealed significantly greater improvements in the MLP condition compared with the usual care group on HbA(1c), BMI, plasma fatty acids, and quality of life at the 6-month follow-up. Patterns favoring intervention were seen in lipids, blood pressure, and flexibility but did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate that postmenopausal women with type 2 diabetes can make comprehensive lifestyle changes that may lead to clinically significant improvements in glycemic control, some coronary heart disease risk factors, and quality of life. FAU - Toobert, Deborah J
Healthful dietary patterns and long-term weight change among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Diet represents a key strategy for the prevention of obesity and type 2 diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), although effective dietary patterns to prevent weight gain in the long term are largely unknown. We sought to evaluate whether improvement in overall diet quality is associated with less long-term weight gain among high-risk women with prior GDM. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Women with a history of GDM (N=3397) were followed from 1991 to 2011, or until diagnosis of type 2 diabetes or other chronic disease. Usual diet was assessed via food frequency questionnaire every 4 years from which we calculated the Alternative Healthy Eating Index (aHEI-2010), Alternate Mediterranean Diet (AMED) and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary pattern scores. Weight, lifestyle and health-related outcomes were self-reported every 2 years. We estimated the change in dietary score with change in body weight using linear regression models adjusting for age, baseline body mass index (BMI), baseline and simultaneous change in physical activity and smoking status and other risk factors. RESULTS: Women were followed up to 20 years, gaining an average 1.9 kg (s.d.=7.0) per 4-year period. Women in the highest quintile (Q5) of diet change (most improvement in quality) gained significantly less weight per 4-year period than the lowest quintile (Q1; decrease in quality), independent of other risk factors (4-year weight change, aHEI-2010: Q5=1.30 kg vs Q1=3.27 kg; AMED: Q5=0.94 kg vs Q1=2.56 kg, DASH: Q5=0.64 kg vs Q1=2.75 kg). Significant effect modification by BMI (p-interactions <0.001) indicated a greater magnitude of weight change among women with a higher baseline BMI for all three patterns. CONCLUSIONS: Increased diet quality was associated with less weight gain, independent of other lifestyle factors. Post-partum recommendations on diet quality may provide one strategy to prevent long-term weight gain in this high-risk group. FAU - Tobias, D K
Effects of a Mediterranean-style diet on the need for antihyperglycemic drug therapy in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes: a randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Low-carbohydrate and low-fat calorie-restricted diets are recommended for weight loss in overweight and obese people with type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of a low-carbohydrate Mediterranean-style or a low-fat diet on the need for antihyperglycemic drug therapy in patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. DESIGN: Single-center, randomized trial. Randomization was computer-generated and unstratified. Allocation was concealed in sealed study folders held in a central, secure location until participants gave informed consent. Participants and investigators were aware of treatment assignment, and assessors of the primary outcome were blinded. SETTING: Teaching hospital in Naples, Italy. PATIENTS: 215 overweight people with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes who were never treated with antihyperglycemic drugs and had hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) levels less than 11%. INTERVENTION: Mediterranean-style diet (<50% of daily calories from carbohydrates) (n = 108) or a low-fat diet (<30% of daily calories from fat) (n = 107). MEASUREMENTS: Start of antihyperglycemic drug therapy, defined by protocol as indicated for follow-up HbA(1c) level greater than 7% (primary outcome), and changes in weight, glycemic control, and coronary risk factors (secondary outcomes). RESULTS: After 4 years, 44% of patients in the Mediterranean-style diet group and 70% in the low-fat diet group required treatment (absolute difference, -26.0 percentage points [95% CI, -31.1 to -20.1 percentage points]; hazard ratio, 0.63 [CI, 0.51 to 0.86]; hazard ratio adjusted for weight change, 0.70 [CI, 0.59 to 0.90]; P < 0.001). Participants assigned to the Mediterranean-style diet lost more weight and experienced greater improvements in some glycemic control and coronary risk measures than did those assigned to the low-fat diet. LIMITATIONS: Investigators responsible for initiating drug therapy were not blinded to treatment assignment. Dietary intake was self-reported. CONCLUSION: Compared with a low-fat diet, a low-carbohydrate, Mediterranean-style diet led to more favorable changes in glycemic control and coronary risk factors and delayed the need for antihyperglycemic drug therapy in overweight patients with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Second University of Naples. FAU - Esposito, Katherine
Management of type 2 diabetes mellitus in self-motivated patients: optimized diet, exercise, and medication for weight loss and cardiometabolic fitness.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a growing public health problem with significant lifetime health care costs. The majority of Americans do not achieve minimal targets for exercise, and individuals with T2DM typically engage in less exercise than the general adult population. However, those patients with T2DM who are sufficiently self-motivated to manage their condition have the potential to reverse diabetes and prevent its complications through behavioral and pharmacologic interventions. Marked improvements are possible through increased awareness and selection of healthy eating options, a willingness to incorporate vigorous exercise into their lifestyle, and the use of newer medications that essentially eliminate the risk of hypoglycemia while facilitating weight loss and the achievement of ideal glucose targets. For self-motivated patients, daily aerobic activity of 45 to 60 minutes per day may be a suitable target. For those who have cardiovascular clearance, high-intensity interval training accomplishes high levels of cardiometabolic fitness with shorter training periods by alternating moderate and intense exertion. Suitable medications that have a low risk of hypoglycemia during exercise include metformin, glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors, and sodium-glucose linked transporter-2 inhibitors. Specific daily caloric goals and incorporation of a mainly plant-based diet should be considered as a primary target for diabetes management. Self-management is important to achieving diabetes treatment goals, and mobile applications can be useful tools to support lifestyle changes in patients with T2DM. FAU - Nadeau, Daniel A
Effect of fast-food Mediterranean-type diet on human plasma oxidation.; Oxidation of lipoproteins, particularly of low-density lipoprotein (LDL), is of prime importance in the initiation and progression of atherosclerosis. The Mediterranean diet has been associated with an unexpectedly low rate of cardiovascular events. Type 2 diabetic patients are at high risk of developing atherosclerosis. Functional alterations in the endothelium, which lead to atherosclerosis, are stimulated by oxidized lipoproteins, particularly oxidized LDL. The present study investigated the effect of Greek quick casual Mediterranean-type diet (fast food Mediterranean-type diet) consumption on the resistance to oxidation in plasma from type 2 diabetic patients and healthy human subjects. Lipids from fast food Mediterranean-type foodstuffs were extracted and tested in vitro for their ability to inhibit copper (Cu2+)-induced LDL oxidation. Foodstuffs that exerted the most potent in vitro antioxidative activity were chosen for the diet of study groups. Eighteen type 2 diabetic patients (group A) and 10 healthy subjects (group B) were fed a 4-week diet contained the chosen foodstuffs, while 17 type 2 diabetic patients (group C) were kept on their regular diet that they were following before the study. Type 2 diabetic patients were treated with sulfonylureas or metformin and were under good glycemic control (hemoglobin A1C < 7%). Serum lipoproteins, triglycerides, glucose, body mass index (BMI), and plasma resistance to Cu2+-induced oxidation before and after the 4-week diet were monitored. At the beginning of the study, no statistical difference was detected in plasma resistance to Cu2+-induced oxidation between type 2 diabetic patients (groups A and C) and healthy human subjects (group B), as this was detected at a time before the oxidation products become detectable, namely, lag time. After the 4-week period on the chosen diet the lag time in groups A and B significantly increased, while it was not changed in group C. In type 2 diabetic patients lag time was increased from 57.3 +/- 13.3 minutes (mean +/- SD) to 103.8 +/- 21.8 minutes (mean +/- SD) (P < .000), while in healthy human subjects there was an increase from 58.0 +/- 8.5 minutes (mean +/- SD) to 85.7 +/- 21.8 minutes (mean +/- SD) (P < .004). In all groups, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and BMI were not changed. Fast food Mediterranean foodstuffs exerted antioxidant activities both in vitro and in vivo after consumption in type 2 diabetic patients and healthy human subjects. Therefore consumption of a fast food Mediterranean-type diet should contribute to prevention against cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Aronis, Pantelis
Oleic acid and peanut oil high in oleic acid reverse the inhibitory effect of insulin production of the inflammatory cytokine TNF-alpha both in vitro and in vivo systems.; BACKGROUND: Chronic inflammation is a key player in pathogenesis. The inflammatory cytokine, tumor necrosis factor-alpha is a well known inflammatory protein, and has been a therapeutic target for the treatment of diseases such as Rheumatoid Arthritis and Crohn's Disease. Obesity is a well known risk factor for developing non-insulin dependent diabetes melitus. Adipose tissue has been shown to produce tumor necrosis factor-alpha, which has the ability to reduce insulin secretion and induce insulin resistance. Based on these observations, we sought to investigate the impact of unsaturated fatty acids such as oleic acid in the presence of TNF-alpha in terms of insulin production, the molecular mechanisms involved and the in vivo effect of a diet high in oleic acid on a mouse model of type II diabetes, KKAy. METHODS: The rat pancreatic beta cell line INS-1 was used as a cell biological model since it exhibits glucose dependent insulin secretion. Insulin production assessment was carried out using enzyme linked immunosorbent assay and cAMP quantification with competitive ELISA. Viability of TNF-alpha and oleic acid treated cells was evaluated using flow cytometry. PPAR-gamma translocation was assessed using a PPRE based ELISA system. In vivo studies were carried out on adult male KKAy mice and glucose levels were measured with a glucometer. RESULTS: Oleic acid and peanut oil high in oleic acid were able to enhance insulin production in INS-1. TNF-alpha inhibited insulin production but pre-treatment with oleic acid reversed this inhibitory effect. The viability status of INS-1 cells treated with TNF-alpha and oleic acid was not affected. Translocation of the peroxisome proliferator- activated receptor transcription factor to the nucleus was elevated in oleic acid treated cells. Finally, type II diabetic mice that were administered a high oleic acid diet derived from peanut oil, had decreased glucose levels compared to animals administered a high fat diet with no oleic acid. CONCLUSION: Oleic acid was found to be effective in reversing the inhibitory effect in insulin production of the inflammatory cytokine TNF-alpha. This finding is consistent with the reported therapeutic characteristics of other monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids. Furthermore, a diet high in oleic acid, which can be easily achieved through consumption of peanuts and olive oil, can have a beneficial effect in type II diabetes and ultimately reverse the negative effects of inflammatory cytokines observed in obesity and non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. FAU - Vassiliou, Evros K
Dendrobium officinale polysaccharide ameliorates diabetic hepatic glucose metabolism via glucagon-mediated signaling pathways and modifying liver-glycogen structure.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Dendrobium officinale polysaccharide (DOP) is the main active ingredient of Dendrobium officinale Kimura & Migo, which is a precious traditional Chinese medicine and often used in treatment of hepatitis, diabetes, obesity and rheumatoid arthritis. AIM OF THE STUDY: DOP exhibits significant hypoglycemic activity, while its mechanism remains unclear. The present study aims to investigate the hypoglycemic mechanisms of DOP based on the glucagon-mediated signaling pathways and the liver glycogen structure, which catalyze hepatic glucose metabolism, and provide new knowledge about the antidiabetic mechanism of DOP and further evidence for its clinical use for diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: DOP were obtained from the dry stems of Dendrobium officinale by water extraction and alcohol precipitation method. T2DM mice model was established by high-fat diet combined with streptozotocin. Liver histopathological changes were observed by H&E and PAS straining. Pancreatic histology was studied by H&E staining and immunofluorescence analysis. The levels of glucagon and insulin were detected by Elisa Kit and the hepatic glycogen content was detected by GOPOD. The expressions of the hepatic glycogen-related metabolism enzymes, hepatic gluconeogenesis enzymes, and the related protein in cAMP-PKA and Akt/FoxO1 signaling pathways were detected by western blots. Liver glycogen was extracted from the liver tissues by sucrose density gradient centrifugation, and size exclusion chromatography (SEC) was used to analyze the structure of liver glycogen. RESULTS: DOP could significantly affect the glucagon-mediated signaling pathways, cAMP-PKA and Akt/FoxO1, to further promote hepatic glycogen synthesis, inhibit hepatic glycogen degradation and hepatic gluconeogenesis. Moreover, DOP could reverse the instability of the liver glycogen structure and thus probably suppressed glycogen degradation. Thus, DOP finally would ameliorate hepatic glucose metabolism via glucagon-mediated signaling pathways and modifying liver-glycogen structure in diabetic mice. CONCLUSIONS: The hypoglycemic mechanism of DOP might be associated with the regulation of glucagon-mediated hepatic glycogen metabolism and gluconeogenesis, and of liver glycogen structure, contributing to improved hepatic glucose metabolism in diabetic mice.
Position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada: vegetarian diets.; It is the position of the American Dietetic Association and Dietitians of Canada that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Approximately 2.5% of adults in the United States and 4% of adults in Canada follow vegetarian diets. A vegetarian diet is defined as one that does not include meat, fish, or fowl. Interest in vegetarianism appears to be increasing, with many restaurants and college foodservices offering vegetarian meals routinely. Substantial growth in sales of foods attractive to vegetarians has occurred and these foods appear in many supermarkets. This position paper reviews the current scientific data related to key nutrients for vegetarians including protein, iron, zinc, calcium, vitamin D, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, vitamin A, n-3 fatty acids, and iodine. A vegetarian, including vegan, diet can meet current recommendations for all of these nutrients. In some cases, use of fortified foods or supplements can be helpful in meeting recommendations for individual nutrients. Well-planned vegan and other types of vegetarian diets are appropriate for all stages of the life-cycle including during pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarian diets offer a number of nutritional benefits including lower levels of saturated fat, cholesterol, and animal protein as well as higher levels of carbohydrates, fibre, magnesium, potassium, folate, antioxidants such as vitamins C and E, and phytochemicals. Vegetarians have been reported to have lower body mass indices than non-vegetarians, as well as lower rates of death from ischemic heart disease, lower blood cholesterol levels, lower blood pressure, and lower rates of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and prostate and colon cancer. While a number of federally funded and institutional feeding programs can accommodate vegetarians, few have foods suitable for vegans at this time. Because of the variability of dietary practices among vegetarians, individual assessment of dietary intakes of vegetarians is required. Dietetics professionals have a responsibility to support and encourage those who express an interest in consuming a vegetarian diet. They can play key roles in educating vegetarian clients about food sources of specific nutrients, food purchase and preparation, and any dietary modifications that may be necessary to meet individual needs. Menu planning for vegetarians can be simplified by use of a food guide that specifies food groups and serving sizes.
Incidence of new-onset diabetes and impaired fasting glucose in patients with recent myocardial infarction and the effect of clinical and lifestyle risk factors.; BACKGROUND: Individuals with diabetes are at higher risk of myocardial infarction than non-diabetics. However, much less is known about the incidence of, and risk factors for, development of diabetes and impaired fasting glucose in patients who have had a myocardial infarction. We set out to estimate this incidence and investigate whether lifestyle factors such as dietary habits might alter this risk. METHODS: We used prospectively obtained data for 8291 Italian patients with a myocardial infarction within the previous 3 months, who were free of diabetes (determined by medication use, a physician-reported diagnosis, or fasting glucose > or =7 mmol/L) at baseline. Incidence of new-onset diabetes (new diabetes medication or fasting glucose > or =7 mmol/L) and impaired fasting glucose (fasting glucose > or =6.1 mmol/L and <7 mmol/L) were assessed at follow-up at 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, 2.5, and 3.5 years. Baseline data for body-mass index (BMI), other risk factors, dietary habits, and medications were updated during follow-up. A Mediterranean diet score was assigned according to consumption of cooked and raw vegetables, fruit, fish, and olive oil. Associations of demographic, clinical, and lifestyle risk-factors with incidence of diabetes and impaired fasting glucose were assessed with multivariable Cox proportional hazards. FINDINGS: During 26 795 person-years (mean follow-up 3.2 years [SD 0.9]), 998 individuals (12%) developed new-onset diabetes (incidence 37 cases per 1000 person-years). Of the 7533 without impaired fasting glucose at baseline, 2514 (33%) developed new-onset impaired fasting glucose or diabetes (incidence 123 cases per 1000 person-years), rising to 3859 (62%) of 6229 with the lower cutoff for impaired fasting glucose of 5.6 mmol/L (incidence 321 cases per 1000 person-years). Independent risk factors for new-onset diabetes or impaired fasting glucose included older age, hypertension, use of beta-blockers, lipid-lowering medications (protective), and diuretic use. Independent lifestyle risk-factors included higher BMI, greater BMI gain during follow-up, current smoking, a lower Mediterranean dietary score, and wine consumption of more than 1 L/day. Data for physical activity were unavailable, but inability to perform exercise testing was associated with higher incidence of diabetes and impaired fasting glucose. INTERPRETATION: Compared with population-based cohorts, patients with a recent myocardial infarction had a higher annual incidence rate of impaired fasting glucose (1.8 vs 27.5% in our study) and diabetes (0.8-1.6% compared with 3.7%) in this study. Thus, our results indicate that myocardial infarction could be a prediabetes risk equivalent. Smoking cessation, prevention of weight gain, and consumption of typical Mediterranean foods might lower this risk, which emphasises the need for guidance on diet and other lifestyle factors for patients who have had a myocardial infarction. FAU - Mozaffarian, Dariush
Rice endosperm protein slows progression of fatty liver and diabetic nephropathy in Zucker diabetic fatty rats.; We previously reported that rice endosperm protein (REP) has renoprotective effects in Goto-Kakizaki rats, a non-obese diabetic model. However, whether these effects occur in obese diabetes remains unclear. This study aimed to clarify the effects of REP on obese diabetes, especially on fatty liver and diabetic nephropathy, using the obese diabetic model Zucker diabetic fatty (ZDF) rats. In total, 7-week-old male ZDF rats were fed diets containing 20 % REP or casein (C) for 8 weeks. Changes in fasting blood glucose levels and urinary markers were monitored during the experimental period. Hepatic lipids and metabolites were measured and renal glomeruli were observed morphologically. HbA1c levels were significantly lower in rats fed REP, compared with C (P<0·05). Compared with C in the liver, REP prevented lipid accumulation (total lipid, TAG and total cholesterol, P<0·01). Liver metabolome analysis indicated that levels of metabolites associated with glycolysis, the pentose phosphate pathway and carnitine metabolism were significantly greater in the REP group than in the C group (P<0·05), suggesting activation of both glucose catabolism and fatty acid oxidation. The metabolite increases promoted by REP may contribute to suppression of liver lipid accumulation. Urinary excretion of albumin and N-acetyl-β-d-glucosaminidase was significantly reduced in rats fed REP for 8 weeks (P<0·01). In addition, there was a distinct suppression of mesangial matrix expansion and glomerular hypertrophy in response to REP (P<0·01). Thus, REP had preventive effects on obese diabetes, fatty liver and diabetic nephropathy. FAU - Kubota, Masatoshi
Dietary quality in a sample of adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Ireland; a cross-sectional case control study.; BACKGROUND: A number of dietary quality indices (DQIs) have been developed to assess the quality of dietary intake. Analysis of the intake of individual nutrients does not reflect the complexity of dietary behaviours and their association with health and disease. The aim of this study was to determine the dietary quality of individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) using a variety of validated DQIs. METHODS: In this cross-sectional analysis of 111 Caucasian adults, 65 cases with T2DM were recruited from the Diabetes Day Care Services of St. Columcille's and St. Vincent's Hospitals, Dublin, Ireland. Forty-six controls did not have T2DM and were recruited from the general population. Data from 3-day estimated diet diaries were used to calculate 4 DQIs. RESULTS: Participants with T2DM had a significantly lower score for consumption of a Mediterranean dietary pattern compared to the control group, measured using the Mediterranean Diet Score (Range 0-9) and the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (Range 0-9) (mean ± SD) (3.4 ± 1.3 vs 4.8 ± 1.8, P < 0.001 and 3.3 ± 1.5 vs 4.2 ± 1.8, P = 0.02 respectively). Participants with T2DM also had lower dietary quality than the control population as assessed by the Healthy Diet Indicator (Range 0-9) (T2DM; 2.6 ± 2.3, control; 3.3 ± 1.1, P = 0.001). No differences between the two groups were found when dietary quality was assessed using the Alternate Healthy Eating Index. Micronutrient intake was assessed using the Micronutrient Adequacy Score (Range 0-8) and participants with T2DM had a significantly lower score than the control group (T2DM; 1.6 ± 1.4, control; 2.3 ± 1.4, P = 0.009). When individual nutrient intakes were assessed, no significant differences were observed in macronutrient intake. CONCLUSION: Overall, these findings demonstrate that T2DM was associated with a lower score when dietary quality was assessed using a number of validated indices. FAU - Murray, Alison E
Comparison of a high-carbohydrate and a high-monounsaturated fat, olive oil-rich diet on the susceptibility of LDL to oxidative modification in subjects with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: To compare the effects of a high-carbohydrate (CHO) diet and a high-monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) diet on LDL oxidative resistance in free-living individuals with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Twenty-two men and women out-patients with Type 2 diabetes, with mean age 61 years and in fair metabolic control (HbA1c<8.0%), were enrolled at a university hospital lipid clinic in a randomized, crossover feeding trial comparing two isocaloric diets for 6 weeks each: CHO (fat, 28% energy) and MUFA (fat, 40% energy) based on virgin olive oil. Outcome measurements were changes in LDL susceptibility to oxidation, body weight, glycaemic control, and lipoprotein profiles. RESULTS: Planned and observed diets were well matched. Participants preferred the MUFA diet over the CHO diet. The lag time of conjugated diene formation during Cu2+-induced LDL oxidation was similar after the CHO and MUFA diets (36.4 +/- 12.2 min and 36.0 +/- 13.7 min, respectively). Body weight, glycaemic control, total triglycerides, and total, LDL- and HDL-cholesterol levels also were similar after the two diets. Compared with the CHO diet, the MUFA diet lowered VLDL-cholesterol by 35% (P=0.023) and VLDL triglyceride by 16% (P=0.016). CONCLUSIONS: Natural food-based high-CHO and high-MUFA diets have similar effects on LDL oxidative resistance and metabolic control in subjects with Type 2 diabetes. A MUFA diet is a good alternative to high-CHO diets for nutrition therapy of diabetes because it also has a beneficial effect on the lipid profile and superior patient acceptance. FAU - Rodríguez-Villar, C
The Khatri Sikh Diabetes Study (SDS): study design, methodology, sample collection, and initial results.; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, or type 2 diabetes (T2DM), has become a major public health problem in India. The high prevalence, relatively young age of onset, and strong familial aggregation of T2DM in some Indian communities remains to be explained. Many of the traditional risk factors established for European populations do not appear to be present in Asian Indians. Phase I of the Sikh Diabetes Study (SDS) was launched to build the population resources required to initiate a large-scale genetic epidemiological study of diabetes in an Asian Indian population. The SDS is focused on the Khatri Sikh population of North India. In all, 1,892 subjects were enrolled to participate in the family-based study; 1,623 of these subjects belong to 324 families, each of which has at least 2 siblings affected with T2DM. The sample included 1,288 individuals affected with T2DM (siblings, parents, or relatives) and 335 unaffected siblings, parents, or relatives. The remaining 269 subjects were unrelated nondiabetic control subjects, including unaffected spouses of probands or siblings. This primarily nonvegetarian, nonsmoking endogamous caste group has presented an unusual clinical picture of uneven distribution of adiposity and a high rate of T2DM with secondary complications. Such well-characterized population isolates may offer unique advantages in mapping genes for common complex diseases. FAU - Sanghera, Dharambir K
Effect of traditional Greek Mediterranean meals on platelet aggregation in normal subjects and in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus have increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Epidemiological studies have shown a correlation between diet and incidence of coronary heart disease. The aim of the study is to determine the effect of a traditional Greek Mediterranean diet on platelet aggregation induced by ADP, arachidonic acid (AA), and especially platelet-activating factor (PAF) on patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus as well as on healthy volunteers. The patients were randomized into two subgroups, A and B. The lipid extracts from traditional Greek Mediterranean-type meals were tested in in vivo for their ability to reduce PAF- or thrombin-induced platelet aggregation. The meals with the most potent anti-aggregating activity were chosen for the diet of both subgroup A and healthy subjects and consumed for a period of 28 days, whereas subgroup B kept to their regular diet that was followed before entering the study. Platelet-rich plasma was isolated before and after the diet, and the ability of platelets to aggregate under the aggregating factors was tested. One-month consumption of diet resulted in a significant reduction in PAF- and ADP-induced aggregation of platelets in both groups of healthy volunteers (PAF and ADP, P < .05) and subgroup A (PAF, P < .001; ADP, P < .05), whereas the AA-induced aggregation was not affected. No effect was observed in subgroup B, which followed the standard diet. Thus the consumption of a traditional Greek Mediterranean diet even for a short period can reduce platelet activity in patients suffering from type 2 diabetes mellitus and in healthy subjects. FAU - Antonopoulou, Smaragdi
Risks of ischaemic heart disease and stroke in meat eaters, fish eaters, and vegetarians over 18 years of follow-up: results from the prospective EPIC-Oxford study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of vegetarianism with risks of ischaemic heart disease and stroke. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: The EPIC-Oxford study, a cohort in the United Kingdom with a large proportion of non-meat eaters, recruited across the country between 1993 and 2001. PARTICIPANTS: 48 188 participants with no history of ischaemic heart disease, stroke, or angina (or cardiovascular disease) were classified into three distinct diet groups: meat eaters (participants who consumed meat, regardless of whether they consumed fish, dairy, or eggs; n=24 428), fish eaters (consumed fish but no meat; n=7506), and vegetarians including vegans (n=16 254), based on dietary information collected at baseline, and subsequently around 2010 (n=28 364). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Incident cases of ischaemic heart disease and stroke (including ischaemic and haemorrhagic types) identified through record linkage until 2016. RESULTS: Over 18.1 years of follow-up, 2820 cases of ischaemic heart disease and 1072 cases of total stroke (519 ischaemic stroke and 300 haemorrhagic stroke) were recorded. After adjusting for sociodemographic and lifestyle confounders, fish eaters and vegetarians had 13% (hazard ratio 0.87, 95% confidence interval 0.77 to 0.99) and 22% (0.78, 0.70 to 0.87) lower rates of ischaemic heart disease than meat eaters, respectively (P<0.001 for heterogeneity). This difference was equivalent to 10 fewer cases of ischaemic heart disease (95% confidence interval 6.7 to 13.1 fewer) in vegetarians than in meat eaters per 1000 population over 10 years. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were partly attenuated after adjustment for self reported high blood cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes, and body mass index (hazard ratio 0.90, 95% confidence interval 0.81 to 1.00 in vegetarians with all adjustments). By contrast, vegetarians had 20% higher rates of total stroke (hazard ratio 1.20, 95% confidence interval 1.02 to 1.40) than meat eaters, equivalent to three more cases of total stroke (95% confidence interval 0.8 to 5.4 more) per 1000 population over 10 years, mostly due to a higher rate of haemorrhagic stroke. The associations for stroke did not attenuate after further adjustment of disease risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective cohort in the UK, fish eaters and vegetarians had lower rates of ischaemic heart disease than meat eaters, although vegetarians had higher rates of haemorrhagic and total stroke.
A modified Mediterranean diet is associated with the greatest reduction in alanine aminotransferase levels in obese type 2 diabetes patients: results of a quasi-randomised controlled trial.; AIM: The aim of the study was to compare the effect of different dietary interventions on alanine aminotransferase (ALT) in obese patients with diabetes. METHODS: A post hoc analysis of an open label, parallel design, quasi-randomised (allocation by alternation), controlled trial, conducted in Israel. Obese patients with diabetes (n = 259), treated in the community, were centrally allocated to one of three diets: (1) the 2003 recommended American Diabetes Association diet (ADA): 50-55% carbohydrate, 30% fat and 20% protein, n = 85; (2) a low glycaemic index (LGI) diet: 50-55% LGI carbohydrate, 30% fat, 15-20% protein, n = 89; or (3) a modified Mediterranean diet (MMD): 35% LGI carbohydrate, 45% fat that was high in monounsaturated fat, 15-20% protein, n = 85. ALT was measured at 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: ALT levels decreased in all arms; however, the MMD was associated with the lowest ALT levels at month 6 (n = 201: ADA n = 64, LGI n = 73, MMD n = 64) and month 12 of follow-up (n = 179). At 12 months mean ALT levels were 19.8 +/- 1.4 U/l in the ADA diet arm (n = 54), 18.0 +/- 1.5 U/l in the LGI diet arm (n = 64) and 14.4 +/- 1.7 in the MMD arm (n = 61, p < 0.001). Evidence for an effect of diet on ALT levels persisted when controlling for post-randomisation changes in waist to hip ratio, BMI, homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) or triacylglycerol. CONCLUSIONS: A Mediterranean diet may have a beneficial effect on liver steatosis in obese patients with diabetes. Results of trials assessing the effect of dietary composition on clinical outcomes should be awaited before a decisive conclusion can be reached. In addition to clinical outcomes, such studies should address the issue of primary prevention of steatosis in high-risk and healthy individuals. FAU - Fraser, A
Effect of a Low Glycemic Index Mediterranean Diet on Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease. A Randomized Controlled Clinici Trial.; INTRODUCTION: Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is currently the most common form of liver disease worldwide affecting all ages and ethnic groups and it has become a consistent threat even in young people. Our aim was to estimate the effect of a Low Glycemic Index Mediterranean Diet (LGIMD) on the NAFLD score as measured by a Liver Ultrasonography (LUS). DESIGN: NUTRIzione in EPAtologia (NUTRIEPA) is a population-based Double-Blind RCT. Data were collected in 2011 and analyzed in 2013-14. SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: 98 men and women coming from Putignano (Puglia, Southern Italy) were drawn from a previous randomly sampled population-based study and identified as having moderate or severe NAFLD. INTERVENTION: The intervention strategy was the assignment of a LGIMD or a control diet. OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure was NAFLD score, defined by LUS. RESULTS: After randomization, 50 subjects were assigned to a LGIMD and 48 to a control diet. The study lasted six months and all participants were subject to monthly controls/checks. Adherence to the LGIMD as measured by Mediterranean Adequacy Index (MAI) showed a median of 10.1. A negative interaction between time and LGIMD on the NAFLD score (-4.14, 95% CI -6.78,-1.49) was observed, and became more evident at the sixth month (-4.43, 95%CI -7.15, -1.71). A positive effect of the interaction among LGIMD, time and age (Third month: 0.07, 95% CI 0.02, 0.12; Sixth month: 0.08, 95% CI 0.03,0.13) was also observed. CONCLUSIONS: LGIMD was found to decrease the NAFLD score in a relatively short time. Encouraging those subjects who do not seek medical attention but still have NAFLD to follow a LGIMD and other life-style interventions, may reduce the degree of severity of the disease. Dietary intervention of this kind, could also form the cornerstone of primary prevention of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. FAU - Misciagna, G
Hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic action of Du-zhong (Eucommia ulmoides Oliver) leaves water extract in C57BL/KsJ-db/db mice.; The anti-diabetic efficacy of Du-zhong (Eucommia ulmoides Oliver) leaves water extract (WDZ) was investigated in type 2 diabetic animals. The WDZ was given to C57BL/KsJ-db/db mice as a dietary supplement based on 1% dried whole Du-zhong leaves (0.187 g WDZ/100 g standard diet) for 6 weeks. The WDZ supplementation significantly lowered the blood glucose level and enhanced the glucose disposal in an intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test. The plasma insulin and C-peptide levels were significantly higher in the WDZ group than in the control group, while the glucagon level was lower. The hepatic glucokinase activity was significantly higher in the WDZ group, whereas, the glucose-6-phosphatase and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase activities were significantly lower. The WDZ supplementation also significantly lowered the hepatic fatty acid synthase, HMG-CoA reductase and ACAT activities compared to the control group, while it elevated the lipoprotein lipase activity in the skeletal muscle. The WDZ also altered the plasma and hepatic lipid levels by lowering the cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations, while elevating the plasma HDL-cholesterol level. Therefore, these results suggest that WDZ may partly ameliorate hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia with type 2 diabetes through increasing glycolysis, suppressing gluconeogenesis and the biosynthesis of fatty acid and cholesterol in the liver. FAU - Park, Sun Ae
Metabonomic analysis of the therapeutic effect of Potentilla discolor in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is increased worldwide in parallel with the obesity epidemic. Potentilla discolor is one of the most important crude materials in Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) for therapy of hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. In this work, a plasma metabonomic approach based on the combination of UPLC-Q-TOF with multivariate data analysis was applied to investigate the therapeutic effects of the extract of P. discolor (EPD) and corosolic acid (CA), the main bioactive compounds of P. discolor. Male C57BL/6 mice were fed with high-fat diet (HFD-fed group) for 8 weeks and then treated with EPD (EPD-treated group) or CA (CA-treated group) for another 8 weeks. After the experimental period, samples of plasma were collected and analyzed by ultra-performance liquid chromatography/quadrupole time of flight mass spectrometry (UPLC-Q-TOF). The principal component analysis (PCA) and partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) models were built to find biomarkers of T2DM and investigate the therapeutic effects of EPD and CA. 26 metabolites, which are distributed in several metabolic pathways, were identified as potential biomarkers of T2DM. It was found that EPD and CA could reverse the pathological process of T2DM through regulating the disturbed pathway of metabolism. The metabonomic results are beneficial not only for the evaluation of the therapeutic effect of TCM but also for the elucidation of the underlying molecular mechanism. FAU - Li, Yi
Influence of a Mediterranean Dietary Pattern on Body Fat Distribution: Results of the PREDIMED-Canarias Intervention Randomized Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the influence of a Mediterranean dietary pattern (MeDiet) on anthropometric and body composition parameters in one of the centers of the PREDIMED randomized dietary trial. SUBJECTS/SETTINGS: 351 Canarian free-living subjects aged 55 to 80 years, with type 2 diabetes or ≥3 cardiovascular risk factors. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomly assigned to one of 3 different dietary interventions: MeDiet + extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), MeDiet + nuts (walnuts, almonds, and hazelnuts), or a control low-fat diet. Total energy intake was ad libitum. OUTCOME MEASURES: Measures included changes in anthropometric measures (weight, body mass index [BMI] and waist circumference [WC]), body fat distribution, energy, and nutrient intake after 1 year. Body composition (percentage of total body fat [%TBF], total fat mass [TFM], free fat mass [FFM], percentage of truncal fat [%TrF], truncal fat mass [TrFM]) and total body water (TBW) were estimated by octapolar electrical impedance analysis. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Paired t tests were conducted to assess within-group changes. Analyses of variance (ANOVAs) were used to assess the effect of the dietary intervention on the percentage change in anthropometric variables, body composition, and dietary intake profile. All pairwise comparisons that were statistically significant in ANOVA were subsequently adjusted using the Benjamini-Hochberg test, which penalizes for multiple comparisons. RESULTS: After 1 year of intervention, significant within-group reductions in all anthropometric variables were observed for the MeDiet + EVOO and the control group. The MeDiet + nuts group exhibited a significant reduction in WC and TBW. The control group showed a significant increase in %TBF and a reduction in TBW. The control group showed a significant increase in the percentage of total body fat and a reduction in TBW. However, we did not find any between-group significant difference in anthropometric or body composition changes. CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diets enriched with EVOO or specific mixed nuts (walnuts, almonds, hazelnuts) that contain approximately 40% total fat can be alternative options to low-fat diets for weight maintenance regimes in older overweight or obese adults. FAU - Álvarez-Pérez, Jacqueline
Methods for the cultural adaptation of a diabetes lifestyle intervention for Latinas: an illustrative project.; Because Latinas experience a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes and its complications, there is an urgent need to reach them with interventions that promote healthful lifestyles. This article illustrates a sequential approach that took an effective multiple-risk-factor behavior-change program and adapted it for Latinas with type 2 diabetes. Adaptation stages include (a) information gathering from literature and focus groups, (b) preliminary adaptation design, and (c) preliminary adaptation test. In this third stage, a pilot study finds that participants were highly satisfied with the intervention and showed improvement across diverse outcomes. Key implications for applications include the importance of a model for guiding cultural adaptations, and the value of procedures for obtaining continuous feedback from staff and participants during the preliminary adaptation test. FAU - Osuna, Diego
Clinical studies of a vegetarian food diet mixture.; A vegetarian food mixture when incorporated into a commercially prepared diet can be used as a supplement or in a vegetarian protein-sparing modified fast. A modification of this diet was given to protein-energy deficient malnourished children in Ethiopia, and it reversed their biochemical defects. The soluble or gel-forming fiber in the mixture also gives the product a favorable glycemic index and reduces glycemic excursion as well as fasting blood glucose and insulin levels. This accounts for the improvements seen in glucose tolerance in type II diabetic patients. These results, however, were preceded by a study of the effects of the mixture in improving glucose tolerance in diabetic rats. A clinical study among New Orleans police officers also suggests that this mixture helps people, without much self-motivation, to lose weight. FAU - Carter, J P
The association between Mediterranean Diet Score and glucokinase regulatory protein gene variation on the markers of cardiometabolic risk: an analysis in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-Norfolk study.; Consumption of a Mediterranean diet (MD) and genetic variation in the glucokinase regulatory protein (GCKR) gene have been reported to be associated with TAG and glucose metabolism. It is uncertain whether there is any interaction between these factors. Therefore, the aims of the present study were to test the association of adherence to a MD and rs780094 (G>A) SNP in the GCKR gene with the markers of cardiometabolic risk, and to investigate the interaction between genetic variation and MD adherence. We studied 20 986 individuals from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC)-Norfolk study. The relative Mediterranean Diet Score (rMED: range 0-18) was used to assess MD adherence. Linear regression was used to estimate the association between the rMED, genotype and cardiometabolic continuous traits, adjusting for potential confounders. In adjusted analyses, we observed independent associations of MD adherence and genotype with cardiometabolic risk, with the highest risk group (AA genotype; lowest rMED) having higher concentrations of TAG, total cholesterol and apoB (12·5, 2·3 and 3·1%, respectively) v. those at the lowest risk (GG genotype; highest rMED). However, the associations of MD adherence with metabolic markers did not differ by genotype, with no significant gene-diet interactions for lipids or for glycated Hb. In conclusion, we found independent associations of the rMED and of the GCKR genotype with cardiometabolic profile, but found no evidence of interaction between them. FAU - Sotos-Prieto, Mercedes
Effect of redesigned Indian mixed meals on blood glucose and insulin levels in normal versus type 2 diabetic subjects--a comparative study.; This study reports the glycemic as well as insulinemic response of seven types of Indian vegetarian mixed meals (MMs). Each of the seven MMs was given at weekly intervals to both normal and type 2 diabetic subjects on the same day to reduce variations in food preparations. In this Indian study, each MM consisted of five to six food items with a low glycemic index (GI) ranging from 28.98 to 46.12%, glycemic load ranging from 15.58 to 23.8 g and energy value (calculated) from each test meal ranging from 403 to 502 kcal. All the seven meals were found to have postprandial glycemic control in normal subjects which ranged from 86 to 102.4 mg%, and a good postprandial glycemic control in type 2 diabetic subjects which ranged from 132.8 to 148.4 mg%, and hence appropriate for routine consumption by diabetic subjects. The glycemic and insulinemic pattern of all these MMs was similar in normal and diabetic subjects. Sustained intake of such low GI MMs by diabetic can result in good glycemic control. FAU - Pande, Ashwini
Effects of a high protein diet on body weight and comorbidities associated with obesity.; Red meat intake has been frequently associated with the development of coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes but vegetable protein has been associated with protection from these diseases. Whether this is related to the protein per se or to the increased polyunsaturated fat or higher fibre levels associated with more vegetarian diets is not clear. High protein diets are associated with greater satiety and in some studies are associated with greater weight loss compared with high carbohydrate diets especially in an ad libitum design. These diets also lower plasma triglyceride and blood pressure and sometimes spare lean mass. There appear to be no harmful effects of high protein diets on bone density or renal function in weight loss studies. FAU - Clifton, Peter
Effects of Western, Vegetarian, and Japanese dietary fat model diets with or without green tea extract on the plasma lipids and glucose, and liver lipids in mice. A long-term feeding experiment.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: The purpose of this study was to investigate the long-term effects of three model diets containing different fats, with or without a small amount of green tea extract (GTE), on plasma lipids and glucose, and liver lipids in mice. METHODS: Male mice (2 months old) fed 10% fat diets with Western (W), Vegetarian (V), and Japanese (J) fat compositions with or without 0.03% GTE for 7 months. RESULTS: The concentrations of plasma and liver total cholesterol in animals fed the W diet were not significantly different from those fed the J diet. Plasma triacylglycerol (TG) concentrations were significantly different from one another in the following order: V > J > W diet groups. GTE supplementation significantly reduced plasma and liver TG content only in V diet group. Plasma glucose (Glu) concentrations were in the following order: W > V > J diet groups, and the GTE supplementation reduced the concentration of Glu in each diet group. The ratios of plasma n-6 to n-3 fatty acids were in the following order: V > W > J diet groups, regardless of GTE supplementation. CONCLUSION: These findings show the possibility that Japanese eating habits combined with drinking green tea might be a factor in preventing the onset of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
A high-score Mediterranean dietary pattern is associated with a reduced risk of peripheral arterial disease in Italian patients with Type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The 'Mediterranean diet' is considered to exert protective effects on cardiovascular disease, although a wide range of dietary patterns exists among subjects living even in the same Mediterranean country. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between specific dietary patterns and peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in Italian Type 2 diabetes patients. DESIGN: From a cohort of 944 patients with Type 2 diabetes, 144 patients with PAD were selected, and matched for age and sex with 288 Type 2 diabetic control patients without macrovascular complications. A dietary score was elaborated from a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. The higher the final score, the healthier the eating habit. RESULTS: In multivariate analysis, a higher score was independently associated with a significant reduction in PAD risk [odds ratio (OR) = 0.44; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.24, 0.83]. Diabetes duration (OR > 15 years = 2.49; 95% CI 1.45, 4.25), hypertension (OR = 2.12; 95% CI 1.31, 3.45) and butter consumption (OR = 2.6; 95% CI 1.15, 3.68) were also significantly associated with PAD. The dietary score significantly improved the predictive value of models based on duration of diabetes and hypertension. (LSR = 2.19, DF = 7, P < 0.001). The effect of a high dietary score on the risk of PAD was independent of diabetes duration and hypertension. CONCLUSION: In Italian Type 2 diabetics, a higher dietary score has a protective role against PAD. The use of butter increases the risk of PAD even in patients regularly consuming olive oil. Dietary advice may be helpful for the prevention of PAD in diabetics even in populations traditionally accustomed to a Mediterranean dietary habit. FAU - Ciccarone, E
Sanbai Melon Seed Oil Exerts Its Protective Effects in a Diabetes Mellitus Model via the Akt/GSK-3β/Nrf2 Pathway.; Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) plays an important role in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, the lack of adequate and scientifically rigorous evidence has limited its application in this disorder. Sanbai melon seed oil (SMSO) is used in folk medicine to treat DM; however, only few literature reports exist regarding its mechanism. Herein, we aimed to confirm the antidiabetic activity of SMSO in a T2DM model and further elucidate its possible mechanisms. The T2DM rat model was induced by high-fat and sugar diet and streptozocin (STZ, 40 mg/kg). SMSO was administered at doses of 0.7 g/kg, 1.4 g/kg, and 2.8 g/kg. Several biochemical parameters and antioxidant protein levels were measured to evaluate the hyperglycemic and antioxidant activities of SMSO. Western blotting was performed to determine its potential mechanism. Based on the results, SMSO treatment significantly reduced blood glucose levels, increased plasma insulin, and repaired islet tissue injury in diabetic rats (P < 0.05). To add, it markedly reduced MDA levels and increased that of catalase (CAT), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px). Western blot results showed that SMSO induced n-Nrf2 and HO-1 expression and Akt and GSK-3β phosphorylation in a dose-dependent manner. Further studies showed that LY294002, aPI3K inhibitor, abolished the effects of SMSO on GSK-3β phosphorylation and Nrf2 nuclear translocation as well as the protective effects on pancreatic β cells. Together, these results suggest that SMSO regulates the Akt/GSK-3β/Nrf2 pathway and induces the expression of antioxidant proteins to impede oxidative stress in rats with T2DM.
Reversal of endothelial dysfunction in aorta of streptozotocin-nicotinamide-induced type-2 diabetic rats by S-Allylcysteine.; Dietary measures and plant-based therapies as prescribed by native systems of medicine have gained attraction among diabetics with claims of efficacy. The present study investigated the effects of S-Allylcysteine (SAC) on body weight gain, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance, and nitric oxide synthase in plasma and argininosuccinate synthase (AS) and argininosuccinate lyase (ASL), lipid peroxides and antioxidant enzymes in aorta of control and streptozotocin-nicotinamide (STZ-NA)-induced diabetic rats. Changes in body weight, glucose, insulin, insulin resistance, and antioxidant profiles of aorta and mRNA expressions of nitric oxide synthase, AS, and ASL were observed in experimental rats. SAC (150 mg/kg b.w) showed its therapeutic effects similar to gliclazide in decreasing glucose, insulin resistance, lipid peroxidation, and increasing body weight; insulin, antioxidant enzymes, and mRNA levels of nitric oxide synthase, argininosuccinate synthase, and argininosuccinate lyase genes in STZ-NA rats. Histopathologic studies also revealed the protective nature of SAC on aorta. In conclusion, garlic and its constituents mediate the anti-diabetic potential through mitigating hyperglycemic status, changing insulin resistance by alleviating endothelial dysregulation in both plasma and tissues. FAU - Brahmanaidu, Parim
The Power of Plants: Is a Whole-Foods, Plant-Based Diet the Answer to Health, Health Care, and Physician Wellness? LID - 10.7812/TPP/19.003 [doi] LID - 19-003; The exponential rise in the cost of health care since the 1980s in the US is unsustainable. It is estimated that more than 70% of health care dollars are spent addressing the result of unhealthy lifestyles that are increasing the rates of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. There is also a severe and worsening epidemic of physician burnout in the US, which threatens the health of physicians and patients alike. In this article, I share why I believe a whole-foods, plant-based diet is a powerful prescription for optimal health and the answer to health, health care, and physician wellness. FAU - Ha, Benjamin
Plant compared with marine n-3 fatty acid effects on cardiovascular risk factors and outcomes: what is the verdict?; Plants provide α-linolenic acid [ALA; 18:3n-3 (18:3ω-3)], which can be converted via eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA; 20:5n-3) to docosahexaenoic acid (DHA; 22:6n-3), which is required for normal visual and cognitive function. Dietary ALA is provided mainly by vegetable oils, especially soybean and rapeseed oils, but is destroyed by partial hydrogenation; it is also present in high amounts in walnuts and flaxseed. Dietary EPA and DHA are provided mainly by fish and so are absent from vegan diets and only present in trace amounts in vegetarian diets. Vegetarians and vegans have lower proportions of DHA in blood and tissue lipids compared with omnivores. High intakes of EPA and DHA (typically in the range of 3-5 g/d) but not ALA have favorable effects on several cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and have been postulated to delay arterial aging and cardiovascular mortality, but these intakes are beyond the range of normal dietary intake. Arterial stiffness, which is a measure of arterial aging, appears to be lower in vegans than in omnivores; and risk of CVD in vegetarians and vegans is approximately one-third that in omnivores. Prospective cohort studies showed higher intakes of EPA+DHA, and less consistently ALA, to be associated with a lower risk of CVD, especially fatal coronary heart disease, but meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials of supplementation of EPA+DHA or ALA in secondary prevention of CVD showed no clear benefit. Current evidence is insufficient to warrant advising vegans and vegetarians to supplement their diets with EPA or DHA for CVD prevention.
Effect of moderate red wine intake on cardiac prognosis after recent acute myocardial infarction of subjects with Type 2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress and increased inflammation have been reported to be increased in subjects with diabetes and to be involved in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular complications after myocardial infarction (MI). It is well recognized that red wine has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities. We examined the effects of moderate red wine intake on echocardiographic parameters of functional cardiac outcome in addition to inflammatory cytokines and nitrotyrosine (oxidative stress marker), in subjects with diabetes after a first uncomplicated MI. METHODS: One hundred and fifteen subjects with diabetes who had sustained a first non-fatal MI were randomized to receive a moderate daily amount of red wine (intervention group) or not (control group). Echocardiographic parameters of ventricular dys-synchrony, circulating levels of nitrotyrosine, tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin-18 (IL-18) and C-reactive protein (CRP) were investigated at baseline and 12 months after randomization. RESULTS: After 1 year of diet intervention, concentrations of nitrotyrosine (P < 0.01), CRP (P < 0.01), TNF-alpha (P < 0.01), IL-6 (P < 0.01) and IL-18 (P < 0.01) were increased in the control group compared with the intervention group. In addition, myocardial performance index (P < 0.02) was higher, and transmitral Doppler flow (P < 0.05), pulmonary venous flow analysis (P < 0.02) and ejection fraction (P < 0.05) were lower in the control group, indicating ventricular dys-synchrony. The concentrations of nitrotyrosine, CRP, TNF-alpha and IL-6 were related to echocardiographic parameters of ventricular dys-synchrony. CONCLUSIONS: In subjects with diabetes, red wine consumption, taken with meals, significantly reduces oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory cytokines as well as improving cardiac function after MI. Moderate red wine intake with meals may have a beneficial effect in the prevention of cardiovascular complications after MI in subjects with diabetes. FAU - Marfella, R
Antidiabetic effect of Symplocos cochinchinensis (Lour.) S. Moore. in type 2 diabetic rats.; AIM: Symplocos cochinchinensis (Lour.) S. Moore. is used in Indian system of traditional medicine to treat diabetes mellitus. The present study aims to investigate the antidiabetic efficacy of the hexane extract of Symplocos cochinchinensis leaves in high fat diet-low streptozotocin (STZ) induced type 2 diabetic rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The doses for the study were fixed based on Irwin test. The hypoglycemic effect of the hexane extract of Symplocos cochinchinensis leaves were studied in normal rats. Oral glucose and insulin tolerance tests were carried out. The antihyperglycemic effect of the hexane extract at 250 and 500 mg/kg was studied in high fat diet-low STZ induced type 2 diabetic rats for 28 days. RESULTS: The extracts showed no adverse effects up to 5 g/kg concentration. In hypoglycemic study, after treatment with hexane extract at 250 and 500 mg/kg the blood glucose was mildly reduced. In oral glucose tolerance test, the treatment with the hexane extract at 250 and 500 mg/kg showed a highly significant reduction of 12.07% and 23.58% in plasma glucose levels, respectively 30 min after glucose load. The insulin tolerance test also showed improved insulin sensitivity after 60 min of insulin treatment. In high fat diet-low STZ induced type 2 diabetic rats, after 28 days treatment with the hexane extract at 250 and 500 mg/kg reduced the plasma glucose level by 17.04% and 42.10%, respectively. A significant reduction in plasma insulin, plasma and hepatic total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG) and free fatty acids (FFA) and a significant increase in liver glycogen were observed in treated diabetic rats. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated the potential antidiabetic property of hexane extract of Symplocos cochinchinensis leaves on type 2 diabetes mellitus, thus justifying its traditional usage.
Effects of n-3 fatty acid supplements on glycemic traits in Chinese type 2 diabetic patients: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.; SCOPE: To investigate the effects of n-3 fatty acid supplements, both marine and plant-based, on glycemic traits in Chinese type 2 diabetes patients. METHOD AND RESULTS: In a double-blind randomized controlled trial, 185 recruited Chinese type 2 diabetes patients were randomized to either fish oil (FO, n = 63), flaxseed oil (FSO, n = 61), or corn oil group (served as control group, n = 61) for 180 days. The patients were asked to take corresponding oil capsules (four capsules/day), which totally provided 2 g/day of eicosapentaenoic acid + docosahexaenoic acid in FO group and 2.5 g/day of alpha-linolenic acid in FSO group. No group × time interaction was observed for homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, fasting insulin, or glucose. Significant group × time interaction (P = 0.035) was observed for glycated hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA1c), with HbA1c decreased in FO group compared with corn oil group (P = 0.037). We also found significant group × time interactions for lipid traits, including LDL cholesterol (P = 0.043), total cholesterol (P = 0.021), total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol (P = 0.009), and triacylglycerol (P = 0.003), with the lipid profiles improved in FO group. No significant effects of FSO on glycemic traits or blood lipids were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Marine n-3 PUFA supplements may improve glycemic control and lipid profiles among Chinese type 2 diabetic patients.
UK Food Standards Agency Workshop Report: carbohydrate and cardiovascular risk.; This report summarises a workshop convened by the UK Food Standards Agency (FSA) on 14 October 2008 to discuss current FSA-funded research on carbohydrates and cardiovascular health. The objective of this workshop was to discuss the results of recent research and to identify any areas which could inform future FSA research calls. This workshop highlighted that the FSA is currently funding some of the largest, well-powered intervention trials investigating the type of fat and carbohydrate, whole grains and fruit and vegetables, on various CVD risk factors. Results of these trials will make a substantive contribution to the evidence on diet and cardiovascular risk. FAU - Peacock, Emma
The low-AGE content of low-fat vegan diets could benefit diabetics - though concurrent taurine supplementation may be needed to minimize endogenous AGE production.; Increased endogenous generation of advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) contributes importantly to the vascular complications of diabetes, in part owing to activation of the pro-inflammatory RAGE receptor. However, AGE-altered oligopeptides with RAGE-activating potential can also be absorbed from the diet, and indeed make a significant contribution to the plasma and tissue pool of AGEs; this contribution is especially prominent when compromised renal function impairs renal clearance of AGEs. Perhaps surprisingly, foods rich in both protein and fat, and cooked at high heat, tend to be the richest dietary sources of AGEs, whereas low-fat carbohydrate-rich foods tend to be relatively low in AGEs. Conceivably, this reflects the fact that the so-called "AGEs" in the diet are generated primarily, not by glycation reactions, but by interactions between oxidized lipids and protein; such reactions are known to give rise to certain prominent AGEs, such as epsilonN-carboxymethyl-lysine and methylglyoxal. Although roasted nuts and fried or broiled tofu are relatively high in AGEs, low-fat plant-derived foods, including boiled or baked beans, typically are low in AGEs. Thus, a low-AGE content may contribute to the many benefits conferred to diabetics by a genuinely low-fat vegan diet. Nonetheless, the plasma AGE content of healthy vegetarians has been reported to be higher than that of omnivores - suggesting that something about vegetarian diets may promote endogenous AGE production. Some researchers have proposed that the relatively high-fructose content of vegetarian diets may explain this phenomenon, but there so far is no clinical evidence that normal intakes of fructose have an important impact on AGE production. An alternative or additional possibility is that the relatively poor taurine status of vegetarians up-regulates the physiological role of myeloperoxidase-derived oxidants in the generation of AGEs - in which case, taurine supplementation might be expected to suppress elevated AGE production in vegetarians. Thus, a taurine supplemented low-fat vegan diet may be recommended as a strategy for minimizing AGE-mediated complications in diabetics and in patients with renal failure. FAU - McCarty, Mark F
A multicenter randomized controlled trial of a nutrition intervention program in a multiethnic adult population in the corporate setting reduces depression and anxiety and improves quality of life: the GEICO study.; PURPOSE: To determine whether a plant-based nutrition program in a multicenter, corporate setting improves depression, anxiety, and productivity. DESIGN: A quasi-experimental study examined the impact of diet on emotional well-being and productivity. SETTING: The study was conducted in 10 corporate sites of a major U.S. insurance company. SUBJECTS: There were 292 participants (79.8% women, 20.2% men), with body mass index ≥25 kg/m(2) and/or previous diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. INTERVENTION: Either weekly instruction in following a vegan diet or no instruction was given for 18 weeks. MEASURES: Depression and anxiety were measured using the Short Form-36 questionnaire. Work productivity was measured using the Work Productivity and Activity Impairment questionnaire. ANALYSIS: Baseline characteristics were examined by t-test for continuous variables and χ(2) test for categorical variables. Analysis of covariance models were adjusted for baseline covariates. Paired t-tests were used to determine within-group changes and t-tests for between-group differences. RESULTS: In an intention-to-treat analysis, improvements in impairment because of health (p < .001), overall work impairment because of health (p = .02), non-work-related activity impairment because of health (p < .001), depression (p = .02), anxiety (p = .04), fatigue (p < .001), emotional well-being (p = .01), daily functioning because of physical health (p = .01), and general health (p = 0.02) in the intervention group were significantly greater than in the control group. Results were similar for study completers. CONCLUSION: A dietary intervention improves depression, anxiety, and productivity in a multicenter, corporate setting. FAU - Agarwal, Ulka
A Palaeolithic diet improves glucose tolerance more than a Mediterranean-like diet in individuals with ischaemic heart disease.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Most studies of diet in glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes have focused on intakes of fat, carbohydrate, fibre, fruits and vegetables. Instead, we aimed to compare diets that were available during human evolution with more recently introduced ones. METHODS: Twenty-nine patients with ischaemic heart disease plus either glucose intolerance or type 2 diabetes were randomised to receive (1) a Palaeolithic ('Old Stone Age') diet (n = 14), based on lean meat, fish, fruits, vegetables, root vegetables, eggs and nuts; or (2) a Consensus (Mediterranean-like) diet (n = 15), based on whole grains, low-fat dairy products, vegetables, fruits, fish, oils and margarines. Primary outcome variables were changes in weight, waist circumference and plasma glucose AUC (AUC Glucose(0-120)) and plasma insulin AUC (AUC Insulin(0-120)) in OGTTs. RESULTS: Over 12 weeks, there was a 26% decrease of AUC Glucose(0-120) (p = 0.0001) in the Palaeolithic group and a 7% decrease (p = 0.08) in the Consensus group. The larger (p = 0.001) improvement in the Palaeolithic group was independent (p = 0.0008) of change in waist circumference (-5.6 cm in the Palaeolithic group, -2.9 cm in the Consensus group; p = 0.03). In the study population as a whole, there was no relationship between change in AUC Glucose(0-120) and changes in weight (r = -0.06, p = 0.9) or waist circumference (r = 0.01, p = 1.0). There was a tendency for a larger decrease of AUC Insulin(0-120) in the Palaeolithic group, but because of the strong association between change in AUC Insulin(0-120) and change in waist circumference (r = 0.64, p = 0.0003), this did not remain after multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: A Palaeolithic diet may improve glucose tolerance independently of decreased waist circumference. FAU - Lindeberg, S
Effect of Extracts of Bilberries (Vaccinium myrtillus L.) on Amyloglucosidase and α-Glucosidase Activity.; BACKGROUND: Vaccinium myrtillus L. is a species belonging to the genus Vaccinium of the family Ericaceae. Bilberries have drawn attention due to the multiple benefits for the human health, including antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anticancer, anti-neurodegenerative, and cardioprotective effects. Recently, bilberries were shown to inhibit the activity of carbohydrate-hydrolysing enzymes that can help reduce the intensity of the metabolic syndrome and prevent type 2 diabetes. AIM: In this study, we investigated the α-glucosidase and amyloglucosidase inhibitory activities of polyphenol-rich extracts from fruit of Vaccinium myrtillus L. from different regions in Bulgaria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The total phenolic content was determined spectrophotometrically using the Folin-Ciocalteu method. With HPLC analysis, phenolic acid composition of extracts was assessed. Enzymatic inhibitory activities were determined according to the methodology by Borooah et al. (1961), and Dewi et al. (2007). Amyloglucosidase assay and α-glucosidase assay were used to measure the inhibition potential of bilberries' extracts. RESULTS: Phenolic compound content ranged from 1299.60 mg to 510.88 mg GAE/100 g for organic extracts and from 453.63 mg to 290.83 mg GAE/100 g for aqueous extracts. Based on qualitative HPLC analyses, gallic acid and chlorogenic acid were found to be among the major phenolic acids present in bilberries. Methanol and aqueous extracts there were found to be effective inhibitors of α-glucosidase with an IC50 value of 20 μg GAE/ml and 55 μg GAE/ml, respectively. CONCLUSION: The inhibitory activity of bilberries' extracts towards α-glucosidase offers the patients with type 2 diabetes the opportunity to manage their own glycaemic levels with a diet. FAU - Karcheva-Bahchevanska, Diana P
Prediction of Cardiovascular Disease by the Framingham-REGICOR Equation in the High-Risk PREDIMED Cohort: Impact of the Mediterranean Diet Across Different Risk Strata. LID - 10.1161/JAHA.116.004803 [doi] LID - e004803; BACKGROUND: The usefulness of cardiovascular disease (CVD) predictive equations in different populations is debatable. We assessed the efficacy of the Framingham-REGICOR scale, validated for the Spanish population, to identify future CVD in participants, who were predefined as being at high-risk in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study-a nutrition-intervention primary prevention trial-and the impact of adherence to the Mediterranean diet on CVD across risk categories. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a post hoc analysis, we assessed the CVD predictive value of baseline estimated risk in 5966 PREDIMED participants (aged 55-74 years, 57% women; 48% with type 2 diabetes mellitus). Major CVD events, the primary PREDIMED end point, were an aggregate of myocardial infarction, stroke, and cardiovascular death. Multivariate-adjusted Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios for major CVD events and effect modification from the Mediterranean diet intervention across risk strata (low, moderate, high, very high). The Framingham-REGICOR classification of PREDIMED participants was 25.1% low risk, 44.5% moderate risk, and 30.4% high or very high risk. During 6-year follow-up, 188 major CVD events occurred. Hazard ratios for major CVD events increased in parallel with estimated risk (2.68, 4.24, and 6.60 for moderate, high, and very high risk), particularly in men (7.60, 13.16, and 15.85, respectively, versus 2.16, 2.28, and 3.51, respectively, in women). Yet among those with low or moderate risk, 32.2% and 74.3% of major CVD events occurred in men and women, respectively. Mediterranean diet adherence was associated with CVD risk reduction regardless of risk strata (P>0.4 for interaction). CONCLUSIONS: Incident CVD increased in parallel with estimated risk in the PREDIMED cohort, but most events occurred in non-high-risk categories, particularly in women. Until predictive tools are improved, promotion of the Mediterranean diet might be useful to reduce CVD independent of baseline risk. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.Controlled-trials.com. Unique identifier: ISRCTN35739639.
Effect of a high-fat Mediterranean diet on bodyweight and waist circumference: a prespecified secondary outcomes analysis of the PREDIMED randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Because of the high density of fat, high-fat diets are perceived as likely to lead to increased bodyweight, hence health-care providers are reluctant to recommend them to overweight or obese individuals. We assessed the long-term effects of ad libitum, high-fat, high-vegetable-fat Mediterranean diets on bodyweight and waist circumference in older people at risk of cardiovascular disease, most of whom were overweight or obese. METHODS: PREDIMED was a 5 year parallel-group, multicentre, randomised, controlled clinical trial done in primary care centres affiliated to 11 hospitals in Spain. 7447 asymptomatic men (aged 55-80 years) and women (aged 60-80 years) who had type 2 diabetes or three or more cardiovascular risk factors were randomly assigned (1:1:1) with a computer-generated number sequence to one of three interventions: Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (n=2543); Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts (n=2454); or a control diet (advice to reduce dietary fat; n=2450). Energy restriction was not advised, nor was physical activity promoted. In 2016, we reported the 5 year changes in bodyweight and waist circumference, but because of a subsequently identified protocol deviation (including enrolment of household members without randomisation, assignment to a study group without randomisation of some participants at one of 11 study sites, and apparent inconsistent use of randomisation tables at another site; 866 [11·6%] participants were affected in total), we have withdrawn our previously published report and now report revised effect estimates based on reanalyses that do not rely exclusively on the assumption that all the participants were randomly assigned. In this analysis of the trial, we measured bodyweight and waist circumference at baseline and yearly for 5 years in the intention-to-treat population. The PREDIMED trial is registered with ISRCTN.com, number ISRCTN35739639. FINDINGS: After a median 4·8 years (IQR 2·8-5·8) of follow-up, participants in all three groups had marginally reduced bodyweight and increased waist circumference. After multivariable adjustment, including adjustment for propensity scores and use of robust variance estimators, the difference in 5 year changes in bodyweight in the Mediterranean diet with olive oil group was -0·410 kg (95% CI -0·830 to 0·010; p=0·056) and in the nut group was -0·016 kg (-0·453 to 0·421; p=0·942), compared with the control group. The adjusted difference in 5 year changes in waist circumference was -0·466 cm (-1·109 to 0·176; p=0·154) in the Mediterranean diet with olive oil group and -0·923 cm (-1·604 to -0·241; p=0·008) in the nut group, compared with the control group. INTERPRETATION: A long-term intervention with an unrestricted-calorie, high-vegetable-fat Mediterranean diet was associated with no significant difference in bodyweight and some evidence of less gain in central adiposity compared with a control diet. These results lend support to advice not restricting intake of healthy fats for bodyweight maintenance. FUNDING: Spanish Government, CIBERobn, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Hojiblanca, Patrimonio Comunal Olivarero, California Walnut Commission, Borges SA, and Morella Nuts.
Adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with methylation changes in inflammation-related genes in peripheral blood cells.; Epigenetic processes, including DNA methylation, might be modulated by environmental factors such as the diet, which in turn have been associated with the onset of several diseases such as obesity or cardiovascular events. Meanwhile, Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) has demonstrated favourable effects on cardiovascular risk, blood pressure, inflammation and other complications related to excessive adiposity. Some of these effects could be mediated by epigenetic modifications. Therefore, the objective of this study was to investigate whether the adherence to MedDiet is associated with changes in the methylation status from peripheral blood cells. A subset of 36 individuals was selected within the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED)-Navarra study, a randomised, controlled, parallel trial with three groups of intervention in high cardiovascular risk volunteers, two with a MedDiet and one low-fat control group. Changes in methylation between baseline and 5 years were studied. DNA methylation arrays were analysed by several robust statistical tests and functional classifications. Eight genes related to inflammation and immunocompetence (EEF2, COL18A1, IL4I1, LEPR, PLAGL1, IFRD1, MAPKAPK2, PPARGC1B) were finally selected as changes in their methylation levels correlated with adherence to MedDiet and because they presented sensitivity related to a high variability in methylation changes. Additionally, EEF2 methylation levels positively correlated with concentrations of TNF-α and CRP. This report is apparently the first showing that adherence to MedDiet is associated with the methylation of the reported genes related to inflammation with a potential regulatory impact. FAU - Arpón, A
Mediterranean diet reduces the adverse effect of the TCF7L2-rs7903146 polymorphism on cardiovascular risk factors and stroke incidence: a randomized controlled trial in a high-cardiovascular-risk population.; OBJECTIVE: Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) polymorphisms are strongly associated with type 2 diabetes, but controversially with plasma lipids and cardiovascular disease. Interactions of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on these associations are unknown. We investigated whether the TCF7L2-rs7903146 (C>T) polymorphism associations with type 2 diabetes, glucose, lipids, and cardiovascular disease incidence were modulated by MedDiet. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A randomized trial (two MedDiet intervention groups and a control group) with 7,018 participants in the PREvención con DIetaMEDiterránea study was undertaken and major cardiovascular events assessed. Data were analyzed at baseline and after a median follow-up of 4.8 years. Multivariable-adjusted Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for cardiovascular events. RESULTS: The TCF7L2-rs7903146 polymorphism was associated with type 2 diabetes (odds ratio 1.87 [95% CI 1.62-2.17] for TT compared with CC). MedDiet interacted significantly with rs7903146 on fasting glucose at baseline (P interaction = 0.004). When adherence to the MedDiet was low, TT had higher fasting glucose concentrations (132.3 ± 3.5 mg/dL) than CC+CT (127.3 ± 3.2 mg/dL) individuals (P = 0.001). Nevertheless, when adherence was high, this increase was not observed (P = 0.605). This modulation was also detected for total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglycerides (P interaction < 0.05 for all). Likewise, in the randomized trial, TT subjects had a higher stroke incidence in the control group (adjusted HR 2.91 [95% CI 1.36-6.19]; P = 0.006 compared with CC), whereas dietary intervention with MedDiet reduced stroke incidence in TT homozygotes (adjusted HR 0.96 [95% CI 0.49-1.87]; P = 0.892 for TT compared with CC). CONCLUSIONS: Our novel results suggest that MedDiet may not only reduce increased fasting glucose and lipids in TT individuals, but also stroke incidence. FAU - Corella, Dolores
Does a Mediterranean diet reduce the mortality risk associated with diabetes: evidence from the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Diabetes is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD), yet southern European migrants to Australia with high rates of type 2 diabetes have relatively low CVD mortality. Our aim was to determine whether a Mediterranean style diet could reduce mortality in people with diabetes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Participants included 16,610 males and 23,860 females from the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study; 25% were born in Greece or Italy, and 2150 had previously been diagnosed with diabetes or had elevated blood glucose at baseline (1990-94). Data on demographic, behavioral and physical risk factors were also collected. A personal Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) was calculated using data from a validated 121-item food frequency questionnaire. Total and CVD mortality data were available up to 2003. Diabetes (new and known) at baseline, was associated with total mortality (men HR 1.43, 95%CI 1.26-1.62; women HR 1.86 95%CI 1.58-2.18), and CVD mortality (men HR 1.53, 95%CI 1.21-1.94; women HR 2.10 95%CI 1.48-2.97) in multivariate models. There was no evidence that glucose tolerance modified the associations between MDS and total or CVD mortality (p interaction all > 0.16). The HRs for total mortality per unit of MDS were 0.96 (95% CI 0.93-0.99) in men and 0.94 (95% CI 0.92-0.97) in women. The HRs for CVD mortality per unit of MDS were 0.94 (95% CI 0.89-0.99) in men and 0.94 (95% CI 0.87-1.01) in women. CONCLUSION: Our results add to the evidence supporting the benefit of a Mediterranean style diet for people with type 2 diabetes.
Novel association of the obesity risk-allele near Fas Apoptotic Inhibitory Molecule 2 (FAIM2) gene with heart rate and study of its effects on myocardial infarction in diabetic participants of the PREDIMED trial.; BACKGROUND: The Fas apoptotic pathway has been implicated in type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Although a polymorphism (rs7138803; G > A) near the Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 2 (FAIM2) locus has been related to obesity, its association with other cardiovascular risk factors and disease remains uncertain. METHODS: We analyzed the association between the FAIM2-rs7138803 polymorphism and obesity, blood pressure and heart rate in 7,161 participants (48.3% with type 2 diabetes) in the PREDIMED study at baseline. We also explored gene-diet interactions with adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and examined the effects of the polymorphism on cardiovascular disease incidence per diabetes status after a median 4.8-year dietary intervention (MedDiet versus control group) follow-up. RESULTS: We replicated the association between the FAIM2-rs7138803 polymorphism and greater obesity risk (OR: 1.08; 95% CI: 1.01-1.16; P = 0.011; per-A allele). Moreover, we detected novel associations of this polymorphism with higher diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and heart rate at baseline (B = 1.07; 95% CI: 0.97-1.28 bmp in AA vs G-carriers for the whole population), that remained statistically significant even after adjustment for body mass index (P = 0.012) and correction for multiple comparisons. This association was greater and statistically significant in type-2 diabetic subjects (B = 1.44: 95% CI: 0.23-2.56 bmp; P = 0.010 for AA versus G-carriers). Likewise, these findings were also observed longitudinally over 5-year follow-up. Nevertheless, we found no statistically significant gene-diet interactions with MedDiet for this trait. On analyzing myocardial infarction risk, we detected a nominally significant (P = 0.041) association in type-2 diabetic subjects (HR: 1.86; 95% CI:1.03-3.37 for AA versus G-carriers), although this association did not remain statistically significant following correction for multiple comparisons. CONCLUSIONS: We confirmed the FAIM2-rs7138803 relationship with obesity and identified novel and consistent associations with heart rate in particular in type 2 diabetic subjects. Furthermore, our results suggest a possible association of this polymorphism with higher myocardial infarction risk in type-2 diabetic subjects, although this result needs to be replicated as it could represent a false positive. FAU - Corella, Dolores
Intensive dietary intervention promoting the Mediterranean diet in people with high cardiometabolic risk: a non-randomized study.; AIMS: Mediterranean diet (MD) is acknowledged to exert a number of beneficial health effects. We assessed the efficacy and the durability of a 3-month intensive dietary intervention aimed at implementing the MD on body weight and cardiometabolic risk factors in subjects at high risk. METHODS: One hundred and sixteen subjects participated in the study (71 assigned to the intensive intervention and 45 to the conventional intervention). The intensive intervention consisted of 12 weekly group educational meetings and a free-of-charge supply of meals prepared according to the MD model. The conventional intervention consisted of an individual education session along with monthly reinforcements of nutritional messages by the general practitioner. All participants were followed up for 9 months. RESULTS: The two groups had similar pre-intervention characteristics. After the intervention, mean body weight decreased significantly in both groups (p < 0.001). However, the intervention group lost more weight (6.8 ± 4.0 vs. 0.7 ± 1.3, p < 0.0001) and showed a greater reduction in plasma glucose, triglycerides, blood pressure and an increase in HDL cholesterol than the control group (p < 0.01-p < 0.002). In the subgroup of participants with type 2 diabetes, there was a significant reduction in HbA1c level following the intensive (p < 0.0001) but not the conventional intervention. At follow-up, weight loss still persisted in the intervention group (p < 0.0001), while it was lost in the control group. Both interventions significantly reduced blood pressure in the long term (p < 0.001). A significant reduction in daily total energy intake was observed in both groups with a greater reduction in saturated fat and a higher increase in fibre intake in the intervention than in the control group (p < 0.009 and p < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: A 3-month intensive dietary intervention inspired to the traditional MD produced greater and more durable weight loss and improvement in cardiometabolic risk profile than the conventional intervention. FAU - Grimaldi, M
Meats, processed meats, obesity, weight gain and occurrence of diabetes among adults: findings from Adventist Health Studies.; AIM: To examine the relation between meat intake and diabetes occurrence in adults. METHODS: In a prospective cohort study we examined the relation between diet and incident diabetes recorded among 8,401 cohort members (ages 45-88 years) of the Adventist Mortality Study and Adventist Health Study (California, USA) who were non-diabetic at baseline. During the 17-year follow-up, we identified 543 incident diabetes cases. RESULTS: (1) Subjects who were weekly consumers of all meats were 29% (OR = 1.29; 95% CI 1.08, 1.55) more likely (relative to zero meat intake) to develop diabetes. (2) Subjects who consumed any processed meats (salted fish and frankfurters) were 38% (OR = 1.38; 95% CI 1.05-1.82) more likely to develop diabetes. (3) Long-term adherence (over a 17-year interval) to a diet that included at least weekly meat intake was associated with a 74% increase (OR = 1.74; 95% CI 1.36-2.22) in odds of diabetes relative to long-term adherence to a vegetarian diet (zero meat intake). Further analyses indicated that some of this risk may be attributable to obesity and/or weight gain--both of which were strong risk factors in this cohort. It is noteworthy that even after control for weight and weight change, weekly meat intake remained an important risk factor (OR = 1.38; 95% CI 1.06-1.68) for diabetes [corrected]. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings raise the possibility that meat intake, particularly processed meats, is a dietary risk factor for diabetes.
Risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in two groups of Hispanic Americans with differing dietary habits.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine if Hispanic Seventh-Day Adventists (SDAs), who typically eat a diet lower in fat, saturated fat and protein, and higher in complex carbohydrates and dietary fiber than the usual omnivorous diet, exhibit lower risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and Type 2 diabetes compared to Hispanic Catholic omnivores. METHODS: Anthropometric characteristics, dietary intake, blood pressure, serum lipids, glucose and insulin, as well as plasma ascorbic acid and vitamin E concentrations, were measured in two groups of Hispanic study participants residing in Denver, Colorado: 74 SDA study participants (x age: 42+/-1.5 y) and 45 Catholic participants (x age: 44+/-2.2 y). RESULTS: The SDAs reported lower dietary intakes of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol and higher relative intakes of carbohydrate and dietary fiber compared to their Catholic counterparts. The SDAs exhibited significantly lower body mass index (BMI = 27.2+/-0.6) and waist-to-hip ratios (WHR = 0.84+/-0.01) compared to the Catholics (BMI = 31.4+/-1.1; WHR = 0.88+/-0.01). The SDAs, compared to the Catholics, had lower fasting insulin (11.4+/-0.6 vs. 18.9+/-3.1 microu/ml) and glucose concentrations (88.6+/-1.1 vs. 104.1+/-5.4 mg/dl). The SDA Hispanics, compared to the Catholic Hispanics, exhibited significantly lower values for systolic blood pressure (SBP = 1102 vs. 118+/-3 mm Hg), serum total cholesterol (STC = 198+/-5 vs. 214+/-6 mg/dl) and serum triglycerides (TG = 152+/-12 vs. 232+/-27) and higher serum concentrations of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C = 44.7+/-1.3 vs. 39.1+/-1.4 mg/dl) and ascorbic acid (1.14+/-0.08 vs. 0.87+/-0.07 mg/dl). Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and vitamin E concentrations were not significantly different between groups, but the SDAs exhibited lower ratios of STC/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C. CONCLUSION: Hispanic American SDAs, who eat a plant-based diet, exhibit a more favorable blood lipid profile, lower blood pressure and lower risk for Type 2 diabetes compared to Hispanic American Catholics, who do not eat a plant-based diet. FAU - Alexander, H
A novel Gymnema sylvestre extract stimulates insulin secretion from human islets in vivo and in vitro.; Many plant-based products have been suggested as potential antidiabetic agents, but few have been shown to be effective in treating the symptoms of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in human studies, and little is known of their mechanisms of action. Extracts of Gymnema sylvestre (GS) have been used for the treatment of T2DM in India for centuries. The effects of a novel high molecular weight GS extract, Om Santal Adivasi, (OSA(R)) on plasma insulin, C-peptide and glucose in a small cohort of patients with T2DM are reported here. Oral administration of OSA(R) (1 g/day, 60 days) induced significant increases in circulating insulin and C-peptide, which were associated with significant reductions in fasting and post-prandial blood glucose. In vitro measurements using isolated human islets of Langerhans demonstrated direct stimulatory effects of OSA(R) on insulin secretion from human ß-cells, consistent with an in vivo mode of action through enhancing insulin secretion. These in vivo and in vitro observations suggest that OSA(R) may provide a potential alternative therapy for the hyperglycemia associated with T2DM.
Strategies to improve palatability and increase consumption intentions for Momordica charantia (bitter melon): a vegetable commonly used for diabetes management.; BACKGROUND: Although beneficial to health, dietary phytonutrients are bitter, acid and/or astringent in taste and therefore reduce consumer choice and acceptance during food selection. Momordica charantia, commonly known as bitter melon has been traditionally used in Ayurvedic and Chinese medicine to treat diabetes and its complications. The aim of this study was to develop bitter melon-containing recipes and test their palatability and acceptability in healthy individuals for future clinical studies. METHODS: A cross-sectional sensory evaluation of bitter melon-containing ethnic recipes was conducted among 50 healthy individuals. The primary endpoints assessed in this analysis were current consumption information and future intentions to consume bitter melon, before and after provision of attribute- and health-specific information. A convenience sample of 50, self-reported non-diabetic adults were recruited from the University of Hawaii. Sensory evaluations were compared using two-way ANOVA, while differences in stage of change (SOC) before and after receiving health information were analyzed by Chi-square (χ2) analyses. RESULTS: Our studies indicate that tomato-based recipes were acceptable to most of the participants and readily acceptable, as compared with recipes containing spices such as curry powder. Health information did not have a significant effect on willingness to consume bitter melon, but positively affected the classification of SOC. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that incorporating bitter foods in commonly consumed food dishes can mask bitter taste of bitter melon. Furthermore, providing positive health information can elicit a change in the intent to consume bitter melon-containing dishes despite mixed palatability results. FAU - Snee, Laura S
IGF-I activity may be a key determinant of stroke risk--a cautionary lesson for vegans.; IGF-I acts on vascular endothelium to activate nitric oxide synthase, thereby promoting vascular health; there is reason to believe that this protection is especially crucial to the cerebral vasculature, helping to ward off thrombotic strokes. IGF-I may also promote the structural integrity of cerebral arteries, thereby offering protection from hemorrhagic stroke. These considerations may help to explain why tallness is associated with low stroke risk, whereas growth hormone deficiency increases stroke risk--and why age-adjusted stroke mortality has been exceptionally high in rural Asians eating quasi-vegan diets, but has been declining steadily in Asia as diets have become progressively higher in animal products. There is good reason to suspect that low-fat vegan diets tend to down-regulate systemic IGF-I activity; this effect would be expected to increase stroke risk in vegans. Furthermore, epidemiology suggests that low serum cholesterol, and possibly also a low dietary intake of saturated fat--both characteristic of those adopting low-fat vegan diets--may also increase stroke risk. Vegans are thus well advised to adopt practical countermeasures to minimize stroke risk--the most definitive of which may be salt restriction. A high potassium intake, aerobic exercise training, whole grains, moderate alcohol consumption, low-dose aspirin, statin or policosanol therapy, green tea, and supplementation with fish oil, taurine, arginine, and B vitamins--as well as pharmacotherapy of hypertension if warranted--are other practical measures for lowering stroke risk. Although low-fat vegan diets may markedly reduce risk for coronary disease, diabetes, and many common types of cancer, an increased risk for stroke may represent an 'Achilles heel'. Nonetheless, vegans have the potential to achieve a truly exceptional 'healthspan' if they face this problem forthrightly by restricting salt intake and taking other practical measures that promote cerebrovascular health. FAU - McCarty, M F
Long-term adoption of a Mediterranean diet is associated with a better health status in elderly people; a cross-sectional survey in Cyprus.; BACKGROUND: There is increasing evidence that there are protective health effects from diets which are high in fruits, vegetables, legumes, and whole grains, and which include fish, nuts, and low-fat dairy products. We sought to investigate the association of Mediterranean diet on clinical status of 150 elderly men and women. METHODS: During 2004 - 2005, we studied 53 men and 97 women, aged 65 to 100 years, from various areas of Cyprus. A diet score that assesses the inherent characteristics of the Mediterranean diet was developed for each individual (range 0-55). Adoption of the Mediterranean diet was evaluated against the presence of cardiovascular risk factors like hypertension, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and obesity. RESULTS: 26% of men and 18% of women had diabetes, 60% of men and 58% of women had hypertension, 60% of men and 68% of women had hypercholesterolemia, and 34% of men and 52% of women were obese. More than 90% of the participants reported consistency in their dietary habits for at least the past 3-4 decades. A significant inverse correlation was observed between diet score and the number of the investigated risk factors (rho= -0.26, p< 0.001). When we took into account age, sex, smoking habits, and physical activity status, we observed that a 10-unit increase in the diet score was associated with 21% lower odds of having one additional risk factor in women (p< 0.001) and with 14% lower odds in men (p = 0.05). CONCLUSION: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with reduced odds of having hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, diabetes and obesity among elderly people. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis: the ATTICA Study.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the association between adherence to Mediterranean diet and fasting indices of glucose homoeostasis, in a Greek adult population. METHODS: During 2001-2002 we randomly enrolled 1514 men and 1528 women (18-89 years old) without history of CVD, from the Attica area. Diabetes mellitus (type 2) and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) were defined according to the established ADA criteria. Insulin resistance was evaluated by HOMA-IR. Dietary habits were assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire and a diet score (range 0-55) was developed (higher values means greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet). RESULTS: The overall prevalence of diabetes type 2 was 7.9% in men and 6.0% in women (P = 0.05). Mean diet score was 26.3 +/- 6.8 in normoglycemic, 25.7 +/- 6.4 in IFG and 22.2 +/- 5.8 in diabetic subjects (p < 0.001). In normoglycemic subjects who were in the upper tertile of the diet score we observed 7% lower glucose (p < 0.05), 5% lower insulin (p < 0.05) and 15% lower HOMA-IR (p < 0.01) levels compared to subjects in the lower tertile of the diet score. Additionally, in diabetic/IFG participants who where in the upper tertile of the diet score we observed 15% lower glucose (p < 0.05), 15% lower insulin (p < 0.05) and 27% lower HOMA-IR (p < 0.01) levels compared to those in the lower tertile. However, multiple regression analysis, adjusted for age, sex, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio, physical activity, smoking status, and presence of hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, confirmed the previous associations in normoglycemic, but not in diabetic/IFG people. CONCLUSION: An inverse association was observed between adherence to Mediterranean diet and indices of glucose homeostasis, only in normoglycemic people. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
[Olive oil consumption and incidence of diabetes mellitus, in the Spanish sun cohort].; INTRODUCTION: The beneficial effects of the overall Mediterranean dietary pattern on cardiovascular risk factors and on carbohydrate metabolism are well known; however, it is unclear whether the consumption of olive oil in particular is able to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the specific effect of olive oil consumption on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in a large Spanish cohort (the SUN Project). METHODS: We followed up 10,491 participants for a median of 5.7 years. Habitual diet was assessed at baseline with a semi-quantitative 136-item food-frequency questionnaire previously validated in Spain. The outcome of interest was incident type 2 diabetes diagnosed by a physician and confirmed by review of a medical report. The multivariate-adjusted odds ratios for incident type 2 diabetes for each of the 4 upper quintiles of olive oil consumption using the lowest quintile as the reference were assessed using logistic regression models. RESULTS: At baseline mean age was 38.9 + 11.38 year with a BMI of 23.8 + 3.41 kg/m². Forty two new cases of diabetes mellitus were diagnosed during follow-up. The adjusted odds ratio for the highest vs. the lowest quintile of consumption of olive oil was 1.11 (95% CI: 0.45-2.78; p for trend = 0.32). CONCLUSIONS: We found no association between olive oil consumption and the incidence of type 2 diabetes. The lack of association could be attributed to the small number of observed incident cases of diabetes. Further studies in Mediterranean countries with a longer follow-up and a higher baseline risk are needed to evaluate this association. FAU - Marí-Sanchis, A
Chronic dietary exposure to branched chain amino acids impairs glucose disposal in vegans but not in omnivores.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Branched chain amino acids (BCAA) are among nutrients strongly linked with insulin sensitivity (IS) measures. We investigated the effects of a chronic increase of BCAA intake on IS in two groups of healthy subjects differing in their basal consumption of BCAA, that is, vegans and omnivores. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eight vegans and eight matched omnivores (five men and three women in each group) received 15 g (women) or 20 g (men) of BCAA daily for 3 months. Anthropometry, blood analyses, glucose clamp, arginine test, subcutaneous abdominal adipose tissue (AT) and skeletal muscle (SM) biopsies (mRNA levels of selected metabolic markers, respiratory chain (RC) activity) were performed at baseline, after the intervention and after a 6 month wash-out period. RESULTS: Compared with omnivores, vegans had higher IS at baseline (GIR, glucose infusion rate: 9.6±2.4 vs 7.1±2.4 mg/kg/min, 95% CI for difference: 0.55 to 5.82) that declined after the intervention and returned to baseline values after the wash-out period (changes in GIR with 95% CI, 3-0 months: -1.64 [-2.5; -0.75] and 9-3 months: 1.65 [0.75; 2.54] mg/kg/min). No such change was observed in omnivores. In omnivores the intervention led to an increased expression of lipogenic genes (DGAT2, FASN, PPARγ, SCD1) in AT. SM RC activity increased in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Negative impact of increased BCAA intake on IS was only detected in vegans, that is, subjects with low basal amino acids/BCAA intake, which appear to be unable to induce sufficient compensatory changes within AT and SM on a BCAA challenge. FAU - Gojda, J
[Meat and human health: excess and errors].; Many studies have examined the influence of meat consumption on human health. Meat eaters have a higher body mass index and more weight gain than vegetarians. The risk of type 2 diabetes has also been linked to high meat consumption. However, the statistical correlations with these metabolic disorders are weak. There is inconsistent evidence of a higher cardiovascular risk. A link between high meat consumption and cancer, particularly colorectal cancer, has been observed in nearly all epidemiological studies. Some studies have also shown a link with breast, prostate and lung cancer. The mode of cooking could be partly En 2 responsible for this effect, due for example to heterocyclic aromatic amines production euro during grilling and intensive cooking. Advice is given. FAU - Lecerf, Jean-Michel
The effect of lifestyle food on chronic diseases: a comparison between vegetarians and non-vegetarians in Jordan.; Foods do certainly play an important role in human health. This cross sectional study investigated the effect of lifestyle food on chronic diseases. In specific, it compared these diseases between vegetarians and non- vegetarians in Jordan in 2012. Questionnaires were distributed and the responses of 97 vegetarians and 97 non-vegetarians were analyzed. Chi-square and Wilcoxon signed ranks tests showed statistically significant differences between the two groups. In particular, chronic diseases including Diabetes, Hypertension, and Obesity were more prevalence among non-vegetarians compared to vegetarian respondents. FAU - Alrabadi, Nizar Issa
Renal disease in relatives of Indo-Asian Type 2 diabetic patients with end-stage diabetic nephropathy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Indo-Asian immigrants in The Hague, The Netherlands, have a nearly 40-fold higher risk of end-stage diabetic nephropathy compared to the Caucasian population. To detect a genetic susceptibility for nephropathy within the Indo-Asian population, we assessed whether familial clustering of nephropathy occurs in families of Indo-Asian Type 2 diabetic patients. METHODS: We compared nephropathy prevalence between two groups of first-degree relatives of Indo-Asian patients with Type 2 diabetes; the first group (case relatives) consisted of 169 relatives of patients with end-stage diabetic nephropathy; the second group (control relatives) consisted of 161 relatives of diabetic patients who had no nephropathy. The case and control relatives were examined for diabetes, blood pressure, renal function, microalbuminuria and urine dipstick measurements. RESULTS: The mean age was 41 years and similar in the case and control relatives. Diabetes was distributed equally in both family groups. We did not find more nephropathy in first-degree relatives of Indo-Asian Type 2 diabetic patients with end-stage diabetic nephropathy in comparison with the control-relatives. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: We could not detect a genetic susceptibility for diabetic nephropathy within the Indo-Asian population. The lack of familial clustering of renal disease in Indo-Asian diabetic patients points to a general genetic or environmental susceptibility for diabetic nephropathy in this population. FAU - Chandie Shaw, P K
A 3-dimensional mathematical model of microbial proliferation that generates the characteristic cumulative relative abundance distributions in gut microbiomes.; The gut microbiome is highly variable among individuals, largely due to differences in host lifestyle and physiology. However, little is known about the underlying processes or rules that shape the complex microbial community. In this paper, we show that the cumulative relative abundance distribution (CRAD) of microbial species can be approximated by a power law function, and found that the power exponent of CRADs generated from 16S rRNA gene and metagenomic data for normal gut microbiomes of humans and mice was similar consistently with ∼0.9. A similarly robust power exponent was observed in CRADs of gut microbiomes during dietary interventions and several diseases. However, the power exponent was found to be ∼0.6 in CRADs from gut microbiomes characterized by lower species richness, such as those of human infants and the small intestine of mice. In addition, the CRAD of gut microbiomes of mice treated with antibiotics differed slightly from those of infants and the small intestines of mice. Based on these observations, in addition to data on the spatial distribution of microbes in the digestive tract, we developed a 3-dimensional mathematical model of microbial proliferation that reproduced the experimentally observed CRAD patterns. Our model indicated that the CRAD may be determined by the ratio of emerging to pre-existing species during non-uniform spatially competitive proliferation, independent of species composition. FAU - Takayasu, Lena
The self-reliant system for alternative care of diabetes mellitus patients--experience macrobiotic management in Trad Province.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Diabetes mellitus is a costly and growing health issue for the individual as well as the nation with much concern needed to change the way of life globally, Thailand included. Conventional medical care comprises of lifestyle modifications and the use of diabetic drugs but even with the development of new drugs, little achievement has been noted in relation to reducing the disease's complications. Macrobiotic is a holistic, alternative health care method. In macrobiotic principle, humans should live, drink and eat in conjunction with the laws of nature that will lead to good health, freedom and wisdom in understanding the laws of nature. The macrobiotic way of living is therefore the caring of body, mind, spirit and the environment in an independent manner based on adequacy and symbiotic support. MATERIAL AND METHOD: The present study consists of forty-four type 2 diabetes mellitus patients from the DM clinic, Trad Provincial Hospital. 4 subjects were insulin treated, observing the macrobiotic ways of living together at the Wanakaset Research Facility of Kasetsart University, Trad Province which lies in a natural forest area approximately 45 kilometers away from the city for a period of between 2 to 14 weeks. The volunteers were required to refrain from using all kind of drugs or chemicals and eating Formula 2 food as set forth by the International Un Punto Macrobiotico Foundation, Italy while participating in all camp activities. RESULTS: The findings at the end of the program together with QOL assessment questionnaires noted a statistically significant reduction in blood sugar levels, weight, blood pressure and heart beat ratios. Subjects were in significantly better health, more vibrant, more peaceful, and more energetic. The 4 insulin treated volunteers managed to maintain their blood sugar level within the range of 110-171 mg% without any insulin injection and all volunteers are free of any adverse events. CONCLUSION: The results of the present study can be a guideline in the modification of health care policies that can lead to the development of effective, and alternative care of diabetes mellitus patients. FAU - Bhumisawasdi, Jakkriss
[Gut microbiota, responsible for our body weight?].; Obesity is a multifactorial disease and often considered as an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. However, the gut microbiota could have an impact on the development of excess body weight. According to the type of diet, this black box of the bowel could contribute to modifications of both the caloric extraction and the energy expenditure. The gut microbiota is linked with intermediary metabolism and inflammation, and could be involved in physiopathogenesis of type 1 and 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and obesity. Fiber enriched diet and Mediterranean type of diet could induce gut microbiota modifications with consecutive weight loss and improvement of both metabolic syndrome and diabetes. FAU - Pataky, Zoltan
Treatment of a diabetic vegetarian with human insulin (recombinant DNA): a case report.; A patient with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is described. He refused treatment with conventional (animal-derived) insulin since it would have compromised his principles as a vegetarian. Therapy was successfully instituted with human insulin (recombinant DNA). FAU - Scarpello, J H
[Use of a specialized soft drink based on plant raw material in nutrition of patients with diabetes mellitus].; The using of the low calorie soft drink "Forest gift" based on plant raw and enriched with vitamin C and iodine by patients with diabetes mellitus has resulted in the improvement of carbohydrates metabolism, provision of iodine and vitamin C and oxidant status of organism. Obtained data has promised to recommend this product for using in patient's ration. FAU - Maiurnikova, L A
Diabetes preventive components in the Mediterranean diet.; The so-called Mediterranean diet is claimed to be preventive with respect to diet-related degenerative diseases. It is suggested that the preventive effect especially with respect to diabetes might be the low glycemic index of this kind of diet. However, nutrients with a high GI are more frequently consumed in the Mediterranean diet than in other European countries. The major difference seems to be the higher amount of fiber and a higher intake of unsaturated fat together with a higher intake of fruits and vegetables. Based on recent studies from the nurses health and physicians health study, a diet which is similar to the Mediterranean diet, physical exercise and a BMI < 25 protects from the development of diabetes type 2. FAU - Biesalski, Hans K
[Dietary fibers: current trends and health benefits in the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes].; Dietary fiber may contribute to both the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In epidemiological studies the intake of insoluble fiber, but not the intake of soluble fiber, has been inversely associated with the incidence of T2DM. In contrast, in postprandial studies, meals containing sufficiently quantities of beta-glucan, psyllium, or guar gum have decreased insulin and glucose responses in both healthy individuals and patients with T2DM. Diets enriched sufficiently in soluble fiber may also improve overall glycemic control in T2DM. Insoluble fiber has little effect on postprandial insulin and glucose responses. Fiber increases satiety. In some studies, insoluble fiber has been associated with less weight gain over time. Limited cross-sectional evidence suggests an inverse relationship between intake of cereal fiber and whole-grains and the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome. Although long-term data from trials focusing on specifically dietary fiber are lacking, meeting current recommendations for a minimum fiber intake of 25 g/d based on a diet rich in whole grains, fruits and legumes will probably decrease the risk of obesity, the metabolic syndrome and T2DM. FAU - Mello, Vanessa D de
Protective mechanisms of the Mediterranean diet in obesity and type 2 diabetes.; The prevalence of obesity has grown to an alarming level of at least 300 million people worldwide. Additionally, a diabetes epidemic is underway, with an estimate of 217 million people with diabetes worldwide. There are many links between excessive body weight and type 2 diabetes, and one common and fundamental cause of both epidemics is an unhealthy diet. Research to identify and promote diets that protect individuals from obesity and type 2 diabetes is urgently needed. The Mediterranean diet, a concept developed in the 1950s, refers to dietary habits of individuals from the Mediterranean basin. The Mediterranean diet is an eating pattern that successfully combines pleasant taste and positive health effects. The Mediterranean diet does not stand for a homogenous and exclusive model among the Mediterranean basin population but rather represents a set of healthy dietary habits, including high consumption of vegetables and fresh fruits and the use of olive oil as the main source of fat. Evidence from epidemiological studies supports a protective effect of this dietary pattern on weight gain and the development of type 2 diabetes. Several mechanistic explanations link characteristic components of the Mediterranean diet with obesity and type 2 diabetes. This review will discuss potential mechanisms by which the Mediterranean diet protects individuals from both diseases. FAU - Schröder, Helmut
Additive influence of genetic predisposition and conventional risk factors in the incidence of coronary heart disease: a population-based study in Greece.; OBJECTIVES: An additive genetic risk score (GRS) for coronary heart disease (CHD) has previously been associated with incident CHD in the population-based Greek European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and nutrition (EPIC) cohort. In this study, we explore GRS-'environment' joint actions on CHD for several conventional cardiovascular risk factors (ConvRFs), including smoking, hypertension, type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), body mass index (BMI), physical activity and adherence to the Mediterranean diet. DESIGN: A case-control study. SETTING: The general Greek population of the EPIC study. PARTICIPANTS AND OUTCOME MEASURES: 477 patients with medically confirmed incident CHD and 1271 controls participated in this study. We estimated the ORs for CHD by dividing participants at higher or lower GRS and, alternatively, at higher or lower ConvRF, and calculated the relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI) as a measure of deviation from additivity. RESULTS: The joint presence of higher GRS and higher risk ConvRF was in all instances associated with an increased risk of CHD, compared with the joint presence of lower GRS and lower risk ConvRF. The OR (95% CI) was 1.7 (1.2 to 2.4) for smoking, 2.7 (1.9 to 3.8) for hypertension, 4.1 (2.8 to 6.1) for T2DM, 1.9 (1.4 to 2.5) for lower physical activity, 2.0 (1.3 to 3.2) for high BMI and 1.5 (1.1 to 2.1) for poor adherence to the Mediterranean diet. In all instances, RERI values were fairly small and not statistically significant, suggesting that the GRS and the ConvRFs do not have effects beyond additivity. CONCLUSIONS: Genetic predisposition to CHD, operationalised through a multilocus GRS, and ConvRFs have essentially additive effects on CHD risk. FAU - Yiannakouris, Nikos
GCN2 and FGF21 are likely mediators of the protection from cancer, autoimmunity, obesity, and diabetes afforded by vegan diets.; Third World quasi-vegan cultures have been characterized by low risks for "Western" cancers, autoimmune disorders, obesity, and diabetes. The relatively low essential amino acid contents of many vegan diets may play a role in this regard. It is proposed that such diets modestly activate the kinase GCN2 - a physiological detector of essential amino acid paucity - within the liver, resulting in up-regulated production of fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21). FGF21, by opposing the stimulatory effect of growth hormone on hepatic IGF-I production, may be responsible for the down-regulation of plasma IGF-I observed in vegans consuming diets of modest protein content. Decreased IGF-I bioactivity throughout life can be expected to have a favorable impact on cancer risk, as observed in rodents that are calorie restricted or genetically defective in IGF-I activity. Increased FGF21 in vegans might also contribute to their characteristic leanness and low LDL cholesterol by promoting hepatic lipid oxidation while inhibiting lipogenesis. Direct trophic effects of FGF21 on pancreatic beta-cells may help to explain the low risk for diabetes observed in vegans, and the utility of vegan diets in diabetes management. And up-regulation of GCN2 in immune cells, by boosting T regulatory activity, might play some role in the reduced risk for autoimmunity reported in some quasi-vegan cultures. The fact that bone density tends to be no greater in vegans than omnivores, despite consumption of a more "alkaline" diet, might be partially attributable to the fact that FGF21 opposes osteoblastogenesis and decreases IGF-I. If these speculations have merit, it should be possible to demonstrate that adoption of a vegan diet of modest protein content increases plasma FGF21 levels.
Anti-hyperglycemic Properties of a Purified Proteinaceous Protease Inhibitor from Macrotyloma Uniflorum Seeds.; INTRODUCTION: Fabaceae are a rich source of protease inhibitors. METHODS: A proteinaceous protease inhibitor of 25 KDa designated as Macrotyloma uniflorum protease inhibitor (MUPI) was isolated from seeds of Macrotyloma uniflorum and purified to homogeneity by ammonium sulphate precipitation, DEAE Sepharose column and CNBr activated Sepharose 4B Trypsin affinity chromatography. The purity was checked by reverse phase HPLC. Long-term type 2 diabetes can lead to various biological complications, such as hypertension and heart-related diseases. The glucose uptake studies were carried out with the purified MUPI and it reveals its potential to be explored as a potent anti-hyperglycemic agent. MUPI was rendered safer on HepG2 cells after MTT cytotoxicity assay. RESULTS: The results of glucose uptake studies suggest MUPI to be equally efficient to that of the positive control drug Metformin against diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: The significance of plant-based inhibitors for modulating carbohydrate breakdown and control of glycemic index is explored to reduce the risk factors and side effects of the available drugs.
The SUN cohort study (Seguimiento University of Navarra).; OBJECTIVE: Cohort study (the SUN project) to identify dietary determinants of hypertension, diabetes, obesity and coronary heart disease (CHD), among other conditions. DESIGN: The SUN project is a Mediterranean dynamic prospective follow-up (cohort) study assessing participants every 2 years. The recruitment started in 2000 and it is permanently open (this is a dynamic cohort). A preliminary case-control study of myocardial infarction was also conducted, selecting incident cases of myocardial infarction and matched hospital controls. SETTING: The SUN study is conducted in Spain with university graduates, most of them being former students of the University of Navarra. The case-control study was conducted in three tertiary hospitals in the city of Pamplona (Spain). SUBJECTS: The case-control study included 171 cases and 171 controls. We have currently enrolled more than 17,500 participants in the SUN cohort. Approximately 7500 of them were enrolled less than 2 years ago, and have not received yet the invitation to complete the 2-year follow-up assessment. The follow-up rate for the first 10,000 participants approaches 90%. RESULTS: The case-control study found inverse associations between olive oil (or adherence to a Mediterranean food pattern) and myocardial infarction. In the SUN cohort, after 28.5 months of follow-up a higher adherence to a Mediterranean food pattern rich in olive oil was associated with a reduced risk of hypertension, though the results were statistically significant only among men. CONCLUSIONS: The SUN study and the accompanying case-control study support the benefits of a Mediterranean diet and olive oil against CHD and hypertension. FAU - Martínez-González, Miguel Angel
Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) - current treatment recommendations and future developments.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) includes nonalcoholic fatty liver (NAFL), nonalcoholic steato hepatitis (NASH) and NASH cirrhosis. NAFLD is the leading cause of liver diseases in the Western world (Central Europe, United States). The NAFLD incidence increases because of increasing type 2 diabetes and obesity. This article reviews the scientific findings of epidemiology, diagnostic, and therapeutic management of NAFLD. Lifestyle modifications (low-caloric Mediterranean diet and exercise training) to reduce weight are a major factor in the treatment of NAFLD.Pharmacological therapies may be useful in patients with NASH and fibrosis as well as nonresponders to lifestyle modifications. Currently, however, no pharmacological substances are approved for the indication NASH.
Long-term consumption of a Mediterranean diet improves postprandial lipemia in patients with type 2 diabetes: the Cordioprev randomized trial.; BACKGROUND: Patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) have an elevated postprandial lipemia (PPL) that has been associated with increased cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to analyze whether the long-term consumption of 2 healthy dietary patterns is associated with an improvement in PPL and remnant cholesterol (RC) concentrations in patients with T2D. DESIGN: We selected patients from the Cordioprev study who underwent oral fat load tests (FLTs) at baseline and the 3-y follow-up (241 patients with and 316 patients without T2D). Subjects were randomly assigned to receive either a Mediterranean diet rich in olive oil (MedDiet; 35% of calories from fat [22% monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs)] and 50% from carbohydrates) or a low-fat (LF) diet [<30% fat (12-14% MUFAs) and 55% of calories from carbohydrates]. Lipids were measured in serial bloods drawn at 0, 1, 2, 3, and 4 h after the FLT. RESULTS: After 3 y of dietary intervention, patients with T2D showed an improvement in their PPL measured as postprandial triglycerides (TGs) (P < 0.0001), TG area under the curve (AUC) (P = 0.001), and TG-rich lipoproteins (TRLs-TG; P = 0.001) compared with baseline. Subgroup analysis, based on the type of dietary intervention, showed that those T2D patients randomly assigned to the MedDiet presented a reduction in the TG AUC of 17.3% compared with baseline (P = 0.003). However, there were no differences for T2D patients randomly assigned to the LF diet (P > 0.05) or in patients without T2D (P > 0.05) regardless of the dietary intervention. In addition, the MedDiet induced a significant improvement in the RC AUC in patients with T2D (P = 0.04). However, there was no significant improvement in those following the LF diet. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that the long-term consumption of a MedDiet rich in olive oil improves PPL and RC concentrations mainly in patients with T2D. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00924937. FAU - Gomez-Marin, Beatriz
Iodine status and thyroid function of Boston-area vegetarians and vegans.; CONTEXT: Adequate dietary iodine is required for normal thyroid function. The iodine status and thyroid function of U.S. vegetarians and vegans have not been previously studied. Environmental perchlorate and thiocyanate (inhibitors of thyroid iodine uptake) exposures may adversely affect thyroid function. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to assess the iodine status and thyroid function of U.S. vegetarians (consume plant based products, eggs, milk; abstain from meat, poultry, fish, shellfish) and vegans (avoid all animal products) and whether these may be affected by environmental perchlorate and thiocyanate exposures. DESIGN AND SETTING: This was a cross-sectional assessment of urinary iodine, perchlorate, and thiocyanate concentrations and serum thyroid function in Boston-area vegetarians and vegans. SUBJECTS: One hundred forty-one subjects (78 vegetarians, 63 vegans) were recruited; one vegan was excluded. RESULTS: Median urinary iodine concentration of vegans (78.5 μg/liter; range 6.8-964.7 μg/liter) was lower than vegetarians (147.0 μg/liter; range 9.3-778.6 μg/liter) (P < 0.01). Adjusted for cigarette smoking (confirmed by urinary cotinine levels) and thiocyanate-rich food consumption, median urinary thiocyanate concentration of vegans (630 μg/liter; range 108-3085 μg/liter) was higher than vegetarians (341 μg/liter; range 31-1963 μg/liter) (P < 0.01). There were no between-group differences in urinary perchlorate concentrations (P = 0.75), TSH (P = 0.46), and free T(4) (P = 0.77). Urinary iodine, perchlorate, and thiocyanate levels were not associated with TSH (P = 0.59) or free T(4) (P = 0.14), even when adjusted for multiple variables. CONCLUSIONS: U.S. vegetarians are iodine sufficient. U.S. vegans may be at risk for low iodine intake, and vegan women of child-bearing age should supplement with 150 μg iodine daily. Environmental perchlorate and thiocyanate exposures are not associated with thyroid dysfunction in these groups. FAU - Leung, Angela M
Dietary intake and tissue concentration of fatty acids in omnivore, vegetarian and diabetic pregnancy.; The aim of this study was to determine the effect of fatty acid intake and insulin dependent diabetes on the fatty acid composition of maternal erythrocytes, the placenta and cord. Fatty acid intake (from food frequency questionnaire) and the fatty acid composition of maternal erythrocytes, the placenta and cord from pregnant vegetarians (n = 4) and insulin dependent diabetics (n = 5) was compared with pregnant omnivores (n = 10). There was a significantly lower intake of n-6 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) (-75% P < 0.01) and n-3 LCPUFA (-92% P < 0.01) and increased ratio of n-6/n-3 LCPUFA in the vegetarians (103%; P < 0.001). The concentrations of 22:4 n-6 (+28%; P < 0.05) and 22:5 n-3 (+40%; P < 0.05) were higher in vegetarian erythrocytes. Placental 18:2 n-6 (+26.9%; P < 0.05) 18:3 n-3 (+139%; P < 0.05) and 22:5 n-3 (+24%; P < 0.05) were increased while 20:5 n-3 (-36%; P < 0.05), 22:6 n-3 (-16%; P = 0.059), and the ratios of 20:4 n-6/18:2 n-6 (P < 0.01) and 22:6 n-3/18:3 n-3 were reduced. 22:6 n-6 (-49%; P < 0.05) and total n-3 LCPUFA (-11%; P < 0.01) were reduced in vegetarian cord. For the diabetic mothers, all of the n-6 LCPUFA and n-3 LCPUFA were reduced in the maternal erythrocytes; 22:4 n-6 (-42%; P < 0.05), 22:5 n-6 (-46%; P < 0.05) and 22:6 n-3 (-41%; P < 0.05). For the diabetic placenta and cord the general pattern of n-3 LCPUFA was the same as that in the vegetarians. In the vegetarian mothers, the PUFA profiles in the maternal erythrocytes, placenta and cord are consistent with an elevation in the rate of LCPUFA synthesis in order to make up the relative deficit in LCPUFA intake. However, it may be that the higher level of desaturase activity is not able to overcome the dietary deficit of 22-6 n-3 and 22:6 n-6. Despite the fact that the dietary LCPUFA intake in the pregnant diabetic was comparable with that in the pregnant 'normal' omnivore mothers, the pattern of PUFA in the tissues resembled that of the vegetarian mothers. FAU - Lakin, V
The effect of vegetarian diets on iron status in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Vegetarian diets exclude meat, seafood, and products containing these foods. Although the vegetarian lifestyle could lead to a better health status in adults, it may also bear risks for certain nutritional deficiencies. Cross-sectional studies and narrative reviews have shown that the iron status of vegetarians is compromised by the absence of highly bioavailable haem-iron in meatless diets and the inhibiting effect of certain components present in plant foods on non-haem iron bioavailability. METHODS: The databases Pubmed, Scopus, Embase, and Cochrane CentralRegister of Controlled Trials were searched for studies comparing serum ferritin, as the major laboratory parameter for iron status of adult vegetarians with non-vegetarian control groups. A qualitative review was conducted as well as an inverse-variance random-effects meta-analysis to pool available data. In addition the effect of vegetarian diets according to gender was investigated with a subgroup analysis. The results were validated using a sensitivity analysis. RESULTS: A total of 27 cross-sectional studies and three interventional studies were selected for the systematic review. The meta-analysis which combined data of 24 cross-sectional studies showed that adult vegetarians have significantly lower serum ferritin levels than their non-vegetarian controls (-29.71 µg/L, 95% CI [-39.69, -19.73], p < 0.01). Inclusion of semi-vegetarian diets did not change the results considerably (-23.27 µg/L, 95% CI [-29.77, -16.76], p < 0.01). The effects were more pronounced in men (-61.88 µg/L, 95% CI [-85.59, -38.17], p < 0.01) than in both premenopausal women (-17.70 μg/L, 95% CI [-29.80, -5.60], p < 0.01) and all women (-13.50 μg/L, 95% CI [-22.96, -4.04], p < 0.01), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion our results showed that vegetarians are more likely to have lower iron stores compared with non-vegetarians. However, since high iron stores are also a risk factor for certain non-communicable diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, it is recommended that not only vegetarians but also non-vegetarians should regularly control their iron status and improve their diet regarding the content and bioavailability of iron by consuming more plants and less meat. FAU - Haider, Lisa M
Hypogonadism and erectile dysfunction associated with soy product consumption.; Previous research has focused on the beneficial effects of soy and its active ingredients, isoflavones. For instance, soy consumption has been associated with lower cardiovascular and breast cancer risks. However, the number of reports demonstrating adverse effects of isoflavones due to their estrogenlike properties has increased. We present the case of a 19-y-old type 1 diabetic but otherwise healthy man with sudden onset of loss of libido and erectile dysfunction after the ingestion of large quantities of soy-based products in a vegan-style diet. Blood levels of free and total testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) were taken at the initial presentation for examination and continuously monitored up to 2 y after discontinuation of the vegan diet. Blood concentrations of free and total testosterone were initially decreased, whereas DHEA was increased. These parameters normalized within 1 y after cessation of the vegan diet. Normalization of testosterone and DHEA levels was paralleled by a constant improvement of symptoms; full sexual function was regained 1 y after cessation of the vegan diet. This case indicates that soy product consumption is related to hypogonadism and erectile dysfunction. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of a combination of decreased free testosterone and increased DHEA blood concentrations after consuming a soy-rich diet. Hence, this case emphasizes the impact of isoflavones in the regulation of sex hormones and associated physical alterations.
Carbohydrate restriction in the morning increases weight loss effect of a hypocaloric Mediterranean type diet: a randomized, parallel group dietary intervention in overweight and obese subjects.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the effect of carbohydrate restriction in the morning in the framework of a hypocaloric Mediterranean diet on weight loss and metabolic parameters. METHODS: Seventy overweight/obese individuals were randomized to two hypocaloric dietary regimens: one Mediterranean diet (Med-D) and one morning carbohydrate-restriction diet (MCR-D). Participants assigned to the MCR-D were permitted to consume a breakfast low in carbohydrate content, whereas typical Mediterranean morning meals were allowed in the Med-D group. Both diets were identical from midday on. Participants were followed over a period of 2 mo. RESULTS: Individuals in both groups achieved significant reductions in body weight, body mass index, waist circumference, and body fat mass. These reductions were more pronounced in the MCR-D than in the Med-D group (all P < 0.001). More participants in the MCR-D group achieved loss of 5% to 10% of body weight by the end of the first month, as well as 5% to 10% and >10% of body weight by the end of the second month (all P < 0.001). All participants achieved loss of ≥5% baseline body weight by the end of the intervention. Both groups achieved similar reductions in fasting serum glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and serum triacylglycerols as well as improvement in insulin sensitivity. Individuals in the Med-D group showed reductions in total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, whereas no such effect was observed in the MCR-D group. CONCLUSIONS: Integration of morning carbohydrate restriction into a Mediterranean-type hypocaloric diet resulted in greater weight loss while retaining metabolic benefits in glycemia-related parameters.
Dietary practices among Europeans and different South Asian groups in Coventry.; The dietary customs of people of South Asian origin living in Britain are important determinants of health but have been relatively little studied. As part of the Coventry study of diabetes carried out in the Foleshill ward of the city, subjects undergoing oral glucose tolerance tests provided information on this aspect of lifestyle. A questionnaire was completed by all of the last 612 subjects undergoing testing. These included 304 of European origin, 118 Punjabi Sikhs, seventy-six Pakistani/Punjabi Moslems, twenty-eight Gujerati Moslems, twenty-five Punjabi Hindus and forty-seven Gujerati Hindus. There were no discernible differences in the dietary customs of those with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and newly diagnosed diabetes. Subjects of South Asian origin ate significantly fewer meals per day than European subjects. Evening meal times were 2-3 h later among South Asians. Europeans ate less fruit but more vegetables and more brown rice than South Asians. Gujeratis ate more rice, fried snacks and white flour. Moslems were least likely to be vegetarians, to drink alcohol and to use home-made ghee and yoghurt, and Punjabi Sikhs and Hindus ate dhal more frequently than Pakistani Moslems, Gujerati Moslems or Hindus. Most South Asians ate Indian sweets and 'Western' snacks. FAU - Simmons, D
The disease pattern of elderly medical patients in Rwanda, central Africa.; In a study of the disease pattern of the elderly in Rwanda, all patients aged 60 or more, hospitalized in a one-year period at the Medical Department, University Hospital, Butare, were examined prospectively. One hundred and ninety-two patients were included; most were subsistence farmers having a mainly vegetarian diet and living in large families. Infections (37.5% of the patients) and liver cirrhosis (31.8%) were the problems most frequently encountered. Primary hepatocellular cancer was diagnosed in 5.7% of the patients and was the most frequent malignancy. The hospitalized elderly occupied 17.5% of the available beds in the Medical Department. Their disease pattern was different from that of younger patients, making heavier demands on the medical resources. Malaria and upper intestinal inflammation were less frequent in the elderly; liver cirrhosis, primary hepatocellular cancer, pneumonia, prostatic cancer, cardiovascular pathology, chronic renal pathology and chronic lung disease were more prevalent. Several age-related conditions frequently observed in industrialized countries (e.g. coronary heart disease, stroke, gallstones, renal cysts, dementia) were rare. The study thus illustrates the concept of 'secondary aging': to the primary changes induced by the aging process, additional alterations are added which depend upon the environment and the lifestyle, resulting in a varying disease pattern. Health policies thus must take into account that the demographic transition in developing countries may result in a pattern of diseases different from that seen in industrialized countries; care must be taken when transposing data obtained from elderly populations in industrialized countries. FAU - Mets, T F
Rate of appearance of amino acids after a meal regulates insulin and glucagon secretion in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Meal composition regulates the postprandial response of pancreatic and gastrointestinal hormones and plays an important role in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Proteins have glucagon and insulinotropic effects, which may differ depending on amino acid composition, form of intake, and rate of digestibility and absorption. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to test effects of isolated pea protein-based (PP) compared with casein protein-based (CP) meals differing in amino acid compositions on endocrine responses to meal tolerance tests (MTTs) in patients with T2D. DESIGN: Thirty-seven individuals with T2D [mean ± SD age: 64 ± 6 y; mean ± SD body mass index (kg/m2): 30.2 ± 3.6; mean ± SD glycated hemoglobin: 7.0% ± 0.6%] were randomly assigned to receive either high-animal-protein (∼80% of total protein) or high-plant-protein (∼72% of total protein) diets (30% of energy from protein, 40% of energy from carbohydrate, 30% of energy from fat) for 6 wk. MTTs were performed at study onset and after 6 wk. Participants received standardized high-protein (30% of energy) meals 2 times/d containing either CP-rich (∼85% wt:wt) or PP-rich (∼95% wt:wt) foods. RESULTS: The CP and PP meals produced differences in insulin, C-peptide, glucagon, and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) release. Total areas under the curve after CP were significantly lower than after the PP lunch by 40% for insulin and 23% for glucagon. Indexes of insulin sensitivity and secretion were significantly improved for the second CP MTT. This was accompanied by differential rates of appearance of amino acids. The ingestion of PP resulted in significant increases in amino acids after both meals, with a decline between meals. By contrast, CP intake resulted in increases in most amino acids after breakfast, which remained elevated but did not increase further after lunch. CONCLUSIONS: PP elicits greater postprandial increases in glucagon than does CP and consequently requires higher insulin to control glucose metabolism, which appears to be related to the rate of amino acid appearance. The metabolic impact of protein quality could be used as a strategy to lower insulin needs in patients with T2D. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02402985. FAU - Markova, Mariya
In contrast to Western diet, a plant-based, high-fat, low-sugar diet does not exacerbate retinal endothelial injury in streptozotocin-induced diabetes.; Controversy remains about how diet affects the vascular endothelial dysfunction associated with disordered insulin-glucose homeostasis. It is postulated that the type and level of certain macronutrients contribute to endothelial dysfunction in vascular diabetes complications. However, it is not well understood how specific macronutrients affect the molecular inflammatory response under conditions of hyperglycemia. Here, we examined retinal microvascular endothelial injury in streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic rats fed a laboratory Western diet (WD). WD, characterized by its high content of saturated fat, cholesterol, and sugar, significantly increased retinal leukocyte accumulation and endothelial injury in the STZ-diabetic rats. Suppression of endothelial NF-κB signaling in the STZ model reduced the WD-induced increase in leukocyte accumulation. To isolate the effect of dietary fat, we generated high-fat diets with varying fatty acid balance and type. These diets contained moderate amounts of carbohydrates but no sugar. We found that neither high levels of saturated or unsaturated fats per se increased retinal leukocyte accumulation and endothelial injury in the STZ-diabetic rat model but that the combination of high levels of dietary cholesterol with specific saturated fatty acids that are abundant in WD exacerbated leukocyte accumulation and endothelial injury in the retinas of STZ-diabetic rats.-Barakat, A., Nakao, S., Zandi, S., Sun, D., Schmidt-Ullrich, R., Hayes, K. C., Hafezi-Moghadam, A. In contrast to Western diet, a plant-based, high-fat, low-sugar diet does not exacerbate retinal endothelial injury in streptozotocin-induced diabetes. FAU - Barakat, Aliaa
Dietary flaxseed meal reduces proteinuria and ameliorates nephropathy in an animal model of type II diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Evidence is emerging that varying the type or source of dietary protein intake can have beneficial effects on chronic renal disease. Consumption of soybean and soy-based food products, as the source of plant protein, can retard the development and progression of chronic renal disease. We studied the obese spontaneously hypertensive/NIH-corpulent (SHR/N-cp) rat, a model of obesity and type II diabetes mellitus that consistently develops nephropathy resembling diabetic nephropathy. We specifically sought to determine whether changing the source of protein intake from animal protein, casein, to plant protein in the form of either soy protein concentrate or flaxseed protein in the diet has a different impact on renal function and nephropathy in this model. METHODS: Male obese SHR/N-cp rats were randomly assigned to one of three diets containing either 20% casein, 20% soy protein concentrate, or 20% flaxseed meal. Except for the protein source, all three diets were identical and contained similar amounts of protein, fat, carbohydrates, minerals, and vitamins. All animals were maintained on these diets for 6 months. At the end of the study, blood sampling and 24-hour urine collections were performed for renal functional measurements, and the kidneys were harvested and examined for histologic evaluation. RESULTS: All three groups had similar amounts of food intake and body weight gain and exhibited fasting hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. Plasma glucose levels did not differ among the three groups, but plasma insulin concentration was significantly lower in rats fed flaxseed meal than those fed either casein or soy protein concentrate. Mean plasma creatinine, creatinine clearance, and urinary urea excretion also did not differ significantly between the three groups. By contrast, urinary protein excretion was significantly lower (P < 0.01) in rats fed flaxseed than in rats fed either casein or soy protein concentrate. Morphologic analysis of renal structural lesions showed that the percentage of abnormal glomeruli with mesangial expansion and the tubulointerstitial score (an index of severity of tubulointerstitial damage) were significantly reduced in rats fed flaxmeal compared to those fed casein or soy protein concentrate. CONCLUSION: We conclude that dietary protein substitution with flaxseed meal reduces proteinuria and glomerular and tubulointerstitial lesions in obese SHR/N-cp rats and that flaxseed meal is more effective than soy protein in reducing proteinuria and renal histologic abnormalities in this model. The reduction in proteinuria and renal injury was independent of the amount of protein intake and glycemic control. Which dietary component(s) present in flaxseed meal is (are) responsible for the renal protective effect remains to be determined. FAU - Velasquez, Manuel T
Time to Revamp Nutrition Education for Physicians. LID - 10.7812/TPP/19.052 [doi] LID - 19-052; Obesity is a national and global epidemic and is usually the result of a poor diet and lifestyle. Obesity is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which are leading causes of morbidity and mortality. Ample scientific evidence supports that nutritional interventions involving plant-based diets can be effective in the prevention and treatment of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Many patients are interested in improving their eating habits and frequently look to physicians for dietary advice. However, most physicians are unable to provide meaningful guidance because of a lack of nutrition education. We launched programs to educate our physicians and patients about the benefits of plant-based diets, with an overwhelmingly positive response. Because physicians are at the forefront of fighting the obesity epidemic, it is imperative to emphasize nutrition education for current and future physicians. FAU - Rahman, Vanita
Adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern is positively associated with plasma adiponectin concentrations in diabetic women.; BACKGROUND: Although the typical diet of the Mediterranean region has received much recognition over the past several years for its association with substantial health benefits, it remains unknown whether its favorable effects are mediated through changes in adiponectin concentrations. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet is associated with higher plasma adiponectin concentrations. DESIGN: This study was a prospective and cross-sectional evaluation of plasma adiponectin concentrations and dietary data from 987 diabetic women from the Nurses' Health Study who had no history of cardiovascular disease at the time blood was drawn in 1990. RESULTS: Women who scored highest on a 9-point scale that measures adherence to a Mediterranean-type dietary pattern tended to be older, were less likely to be current smokers, had lower body mass indexes and waist circumferences, and had higher total energy intakes, physical activities, and plasma adiponectin concentrations than did women with the lowest scores. Median plasma adiponectin concentrations were 23% higher in women who most closely followed a Mediterranean-type diet than in low adherers after adjustment for age and energy intake (P < 0.01). Body composition, lifestyle, and medical history explained some, but not all, of the observed association between diet and adiponectin concentrations because high adherers tended to have greater adiponectin concentrations than did moderate or low adherers, even after adjustment for these variables. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that, of the several components of the Mediterranean dietary pattern score, alcohol, nuts, and whole grains show the strongest association with adiponectin concentrations. Close adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet is associated with higher adiponectin concentrations. FAU - Mantzoros, Christos S
The Vegetarian Habit in Italy: Prevalence and Characteristics of Consumers.; Many individuals around the world follow vegetarian diet. The aim of this study was to examine the variables associated to a vegetarian diet. Data were drawn from the national cross-sectional survey "Health and use of health care in Italy". Vegetarian habit was prevalent in 0.79% of sample, mainly females. Multivariate model has confirmed the association between vegetarianism and females, age, level of education, marital status separated/divorced/single, diabetes, bad state of perceived health. Little to no research has been conducted in this area until now. As for all types of diet, the vegetarian one should be controlled. FAU - Ponzio, Elisa
Prophylaxis of Non-communicable Diseases: Why Fruits and Vegetables may be Better Chemopreventive Agents than Dietary Supplements Based on Isolated Phytochemicals?; The World Health Organization (WHO) report from 2014 documented that non-communicable socalled civilization diseases such as cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory diseases, cancer or type 2 diabetes are responsible for over 50% of all premature deaths in the world. Research carried out over the past 20 years has provided data suggesting that diet is an essential factor influencing the risk of development of these diseases. The increasing knowledge on chemopreventive properties of certain food ingredients, in particular, those of plant origin, opened the discussion on the possibility to use edible plants or their active components in the prevention of these chronic diseases. Health-promoting properties of plant foods are associated with the presence of secondary metabolites that can affect many biological mechanisms of critical importance to the proper functioning of the human organism. Particularly, there have been numerous investigations indicating strong physiological effects of bioactive plant phenols belonging to the flavonoid family. These observations initiated mass production of dietary supplements containing flavonoids commercialized under the name antioxidants, even if their chemical properties did not justify such a term. However, epidemiological studies revealed that isolated bioactive phytochemicals are not as effective as fruits and vegetables containing these substances whereas they are of interest of the functional food industry. In this paper, the critical assessment of reasons for this turn of events has been attempted and the concept of food synergy has been suggested as a future strategy of dietary chemoprevention.
Non-soya legume-based therapeutic lifestyle change diet reduces inflammatory status in diabetic patients: a randomised cross-over clinical trial.; The present randomised cross-over clinical trial investigated the effects of two intervention diets (non-soya legume-based therapeutic lifestyle change (TLC) diet v. isoenergetic legume-free TLC diet) on inflammatory biomarkers among type 2 diabetic patients. A group of thirty-one participants (twenty-four women and seven men; weight 74.5 (SD 7.0) kg; age 58.1 (SD 6.0) years) were randomly assigned to one of the two following intervention diets for 8 weeks: legume-free TLC diet or non-soya legume-based TLC diet. The latter diet was the same as the legume-free TLC diet, except that two servings of red meat were replaced with different types of cooked non-soya legumes such as lentils, chickpeas, peas and beans over a period of 3 d per week. The intervention period was followed by a washout period of 4 weeks, after which the groups followed the alternate treatment for 8 weeks. Concentrations of inflammatory markers were measured at baseline and after the intervention periods. Compared with the legume-free TLC diet, the non-soya legume-based TLC diet significantly decreased high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, IL-6 and TNF-α in overweight diabetic patients. The replacement of two servings of red meat by non-soya legumes in the isoenergetic TLC diet for a period of 3 d per week reduced the plasma concentrations of inflammatory markers among overweight diabetic patients, independent of weight change. FAU - Hosseinpour-Niazi, Somayeh
Global sustainability (health, environment and monetary costs) of three dietary patterns: results from a Spanish cohort (the SUN project).; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the sustainability of the dietary patterns, according to their effects on health and environment and their affordability. DESIGN: Prospective, ongoing cohort study of university graduates. SETTINGS: The Spanish SUN project (Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra, University of Navarra Follow-up), starting from 1999. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 18 429 participants. METHODS: Information from participants is collected every 2 years by validated questionnaires. We assessed three dietary patterns (the Mediterranean, the Western and the Provegetarian dietary patterns). The rate advancement period (RAP) was used to assess the healthiness of each pattern (considering the composite endpoint of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular disease, breast cancer or type 2 diabetes). We also assessed environmental footprints and monetary costs of each dietary pattern. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 10.1 years, we identified 469 incident cases of the composite endpoint. The Mediterranean dietary pattern exhibited the best RAP (3.10 years gained [95% CI 4.35 to 1.85] for the highest vs the lowest quartile), while the Western pattern was the unhealthiest pattern (1.33 years lost when comparing extreme quartiles). In a scale between 4 and 16 of harmful environmental effects (the lower, the more environmentally friendly), the Provegetarian pattern scored best (8.82 [95% CI 8.75 to 8.88] when comparing extreme quartiles), whereas the Western pattern was the most detrimental pattern (10.80 [95% CI 10.72 to 10.87]). Regarding monetary costs, the Western pattern was the most affordable pattern (€5.87/day [95% CI 5.82 to 5.93], for the upper quartile), while the Mediterranean pattern was the most expensive pattern (€7.52/day [95% CI 7.47 to 7.56]). The Mediterranean dietary pattern was the most overall sustainable option, closely followed by the Provegetarian pattern. The least overall sustainable pattern was the Western dietary pattern. CONCLUSION: Following plant-based diets, like the Mediterranean or Provegetarian dietary patterns, could be a good option in order to achieve an overall sustainable diet. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02669602; Results.
Vegetarian diet planning for adolescents with diabetes.; Adolescents with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) who choose to be vegetarian have complex nutritional needs because of their continued physical growth and development, their participation in strenuous activities, and their need to consume sufficient carbohydrates to match their insulin doses. Since diet control is a cornerstone of diabetes management, the adolescent who chooses a vegetarian diet may cause their parents needless anxiety. Nurses working with these adolescents can provide support and guidance and liaison with the endocrinologist, nutritionist or dietitian, and diabetic educator. Although adolescent diabetic vegetarians have not been studied extensively as a population, facts about nutrition and diabetes can be used to assist in meal planning. A complete growth and nutritional assessment must be done to search for any problem areas. If protein dense flesh food is eliminated and a largely carbohydrate diet is consumed, there are additional areas of concern in regulating insulin needs. Blood glucose should be monitored very carefully during diet changes. Vegetarian girls with diabetes also should be carefully monitored for the adequacy of their diet because they may be at risk of developing an eating disorder. FAU - Rudkin, C L
Relationships of the Mediterranean dietary pattern with insulin resistance and diabetes incidence in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a highly prevalent but preventable disorder. We assessed the association between an a priori Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) score and fasting glucose and insulin at baseline and incident T2D after a 6-year follow-up in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. Dietary intake was measured at baseline using a 127-item FFQ in 5390 men and women aged 45-84 years free of prevalent diabetes and clinical CVD. A MeDiet score was created based on the intake of ten food components: vegetables; whole grains; nuts; legumes; fruits; ratio of monounsaturated:saturated fat; red and processed meat; dairy products; fish; alcohol. Multivariable linear and proportional hazards models were used to estimate the association of the MeDiet, categorised in quintiles, with baseline insulin and glucose, and incident diabetes, respectively. The models were adjusted for demographic, physiological and behavioural characteristics. After multivariable adjustment, individuals with a higher MeDiet score had lower baseline mean insulin levels (Q1: 5·8 (95% CI 5·6, 6·0) μmol/l; Q5: 4·8 (95% CI 4·6, 5·0) μmol/l; P for trend < 0·0001). A higher MeDiet score was also associated with significantly lower glucose levels after basic adjustment, but was attenuated after adjustment for waist circumference. During the follow-up, 412 incident diabetes events accrued. The MeDiet was not significantly related to the risk of incident diabetes (P for trend = 0·64). In summary, greater consistency with a Mediterranean-style diet, reflected by a higher a priori MeDiet score, was cross-sectionally associated with lower insulin levels among non-diabetics, and with lower blood glucose before adjustment for obesity, but not with a lower incidence of diabetes. FAU - Abiemo, Eunice E
Mediterranean and carbohydrate-restricted diets and mortality among elderly men: a cohort study in Sweden.; BACKGROUND: Comparative studies on dietary patterns and long-term mortality are sparse. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the relations between 10-y mortality and adherence to the World Health Organization dietary guidelines [Healthy Diet Indicator (HDI)], a Mediterranean-like diet, and a carbohydrate-restricted (CR) diet in elderly Swedish men. DESIGN: Dietary habits were determined by 7-d dietary records in a population-based longitudinal study of 924 Swedish men (age: 71 ± 1 y). The HDI score (-1 to 8 points), the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS; 0-8 points), and the CR score (2-20 points) were calculated for each participant. Nonadequate reporters of energy intake were identified (n = 413). Mortality was registered during a median follow-up of 10.2 y. Cox proportional hazards regression, with multivariable adjustments, was used to determine the effects of adherence to each dietary pattern. RESULTS: Two hundred fifteen and 88 subjects died of all-cause and cardiovascular disease, respectively. In all individuals, risk relations to mortality for each SD increment in the scores were observed for only MDS, with an adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of 0.83 (95% CI: 0.70, 0.99). Among adequate dietary reporters (n = 511), adjusted HRs for each SD increment in scores were enhanced for MDS (ie, 0.71; 95% CI: 0.55, 0.92) for all-cause mortality and 0.63 (95% CI: 0.42, 0.96) for cardiovascular mortality. Corresponding HRs for CR diet score were 1.19 (95% CI: 0.97, 1.45) for all-cause mortality and 1.44 (95% CI: 1.03, 2.02) for cardiovascular mortality. CONCLUSION: Adherence to a Mediterranean-like dietary pattern reduced mortality, whereas adherence to a CR dietary pattern appeared to increase mortality in elderly Swedish men, especially when only adequate dietary reporters were considered. FAU - Sjögren, Per
Obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and vegetarian status among Seventh-Day Adventists in Barbados: preliminary results.; A population-based sample of Seventh-Day Adventists was studied to determine the relationship between vegetarian status, body mass index (BMI), obesity, diabetes mellitus (DM), and hypertension, in order to gain a better understanding of factors influencing chronic diseases in Barbados. A systematic sampling from a random start technique was used to select participants for the study. A standard questionnaire was used to collect data on demographic and lifestyle characteristics, to record anthropometrics and blood pressure measurements, and to ascertain the hypertension and diabetes status of participants. The sample population consisted of 407 Barbadian Seventh-Day Adventists (SDAs), who ranged in age from 25 to 74 years. One hundred fifty-three (37.6%) participants were male, and 254 (62.4%) were female, and 43.5% were vegetarians. The prevalence rates of diabetes and hypertension were lower among long-term vegetarians, compared to non-vegetarians, and long-term vegetarians were, on average, leaner than non-vegetarians within the same cohort. A significant association was observed between a vegetarian diet and obesity (vegetarian by definition P=.04, self-reported vegetarian P=.009) in this population. Other components of the study population lifestyle should be further analyzed to determine the roles they may plan in lessening the prevalence rates of obesity, diabetes, and hypertension. FAU - Brathwaite, Noel
Vegetarian diet: panacea for modern lifestyle diseases?; We review the beneficial and adverse effects of vegetarian diets in various medical conditions. Soybean-protein diet, legumes, nuts and soluble fibre significantly decrease total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides. Diets rich in fibre and complex carbohydrate, and restricted in fat, improve control of blood glucose concentration, lower insulin requirement and aid in weight control in diabetic patients. An inverse association has been reported between nut, fruit, vegetable and fibre consumption, and the risk of coronary heart disease. Patients eating a vegetarian diet, with comprehensive lifestyle changes, have had reduced frequency, duration and severity of angina as well as regression of coronary atherosclerosis and improved coronary perfusion. An inverse association between fruit and vegetable consumption and stroke has been suggested. Consumption of fruits and vegetables, especially spinach and collard green, was associated with a lower risk of age-related ocular macular degeneration. There is an inverse association between dietary fibre intake and incidence of colon and breast cancer as well as prevalence of colonic diverticula and gallstones. A decreased breast cancer risk has been associated with high intake of soy bean products. The beneficial effects could be due to the diet (monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids, minerals, fibre, complex carbohydrate, antioxidant vitamins, flavanoids, folic acid and phytoestrogens) as well as the associated healthy lifestyle in vegetarians. There are few adverse effects, mainly increased intestinal gas production and a small risk of vitamin B12 deficiency. FAU - Segasothy, M
Repeated ingestion of the leaf extract from Morus alba reduces insulin resistance in KK-Ay mice.; The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that repeated ingestion of diet containing the leaf extract from a Morus alba (LEM) maintains the postprandial hypoglycemic response and suppresses the progression of insulin resistance in high-sucrose diet-fed KK-Ay mice with spontaneous type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). This hypothesis is based on our previous studies where LEM competitively inhibited intestinal disaccharidases and suppressed the elevation of postprandial plasma glucose and insulin levels. Ten KK-Ay mice in each group were raised on 0%, 3%, or 6% LEM powder-containing high-sucrose diets for 8 weeks. Blood samples were collected to measure fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels at weeks 2, 4, and 7 after the start of feeding. Urinary glucose excretion was monitored as a parameter of insulin resistance in 3-day intervals. Fasting plasma glucose level and urinary glucose excretion were significantly lower in both 3% and 6% LEM groups compared with the control group throughout the experiment. The plasma insulin of the 6% LEM group was significantly lower compared with the 3% LEM and control groups. Maintenance of low blood glucose and insulin delayed the onset time of urinary glucose excretion and were reflected by the ratio of additional LEM to sucrose in the diet. We observed the suppressive effects on the progression of hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia in the repeated ingestion of the LEM-containing diet. Namely, repeated ingestion of the LEM-containing diet reduces insulin resistance and may delay the appearance of DM, especially type 2 DM. Therefore, daily intake of LEM may be suitable for the prevention of obesity and DM.
Bone turnover, calcium homeostasis, and vitamin D status in Danish vegans.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: A vegan diet has been associated with increased bone fracture risk, but the physiology linking nutritional exposure to bone metabolism has only been partially elucidated. This study investigated whether a vegan diet is associated with increased bone turnover and altered calcium homeostasis due to insufficient intake of calcium and vitamin D. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Fractionated and total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)-D), parathyroid hormone (PTH), calcium, and four bone turnover markers (osteocalcin, N-terminal propeptide of type I procollagen (PINP), bone-specific alkaline phosphatase (BAP), and C-terminal telopeptide of type I collagen (CTX)) were measured in serum from 78 vegans and 77 omnivores. RESULTS: When adjusting for seasonality and constitutional covariates (age, sex, and body fat percentage) vegans had higher concentrations of PINP (32 [95% CI: 7, 64]%, P = 0.01) and BAP (58 [95% CI: 27, 97]%, P < 0.001) compared to omnivores, whereas CTX (30 [95% CI: -1, 72]%, P = 0.06) and osteocalcin (21.8 [95% CI: -9.3, 63.7]%, P = 0.2) concentrations did not differ between the two groups. Vegans had higher serum PTH concentration (38 [95% CI: 19, 60]%; P < 0.001) and lower 25(OH)-D serum concentration (-33 [95% CI: -45, -19]%; P < 0.001), but similar serum calcium concentration (-1 [95% CI: -3, 1]%, P = 0.18 compared to omnivores. CONCLUSIONS: Vegans have higher levels of circulating bone turnover markers compared to omnivores, which may in the long-term lead to poorer bone health. Differences in dietary habits including intake of vitamin D and calcium may, at least partly, explain the observed differences. FAU - Hansen, Tue H
Vegetarian Diet and Cardiometabolic Risk among Asian Indians in the United States.; Research studies have shown that plant-based diets confer cardiovascular and metabolic health benefits. Asian Indians (AIs) in the US (who have often followed plant-based diets) have elevated risk for chronic diseases such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and obesity suggesting ethnic vulnerability that imply genetic and/or lifestyle causative links. This study explored the association between this ethnic group and diabetes, obesity, and metabolic syndrome after controlling for demographics, acculturation, family history of diabetes, and lifestyle and clinical risk factors. The sample comprised of 1038 randomly selected adult AIs in seven US sites. Prevalence and metabolic syndrome was estimated, and obesity was calculated using the WHO Asian criteria. Multivariate analysis included multinomial logistic regression. The mean age and length of residency in the US were 47 and 18.5 years, respectively. The majority of respondents were vegetarians (62%) and educated. A vegetarian lifestyle was associated with females, food label users, respondents with poor/fair current health status, less acculturated, and those who reported their diet had not changed after coming to the US. Vegetarian status was a protective factor and lowered the risk for diabetes but not for metabolic syndrome and obesity in the regression model. Results provide a firm basis for educational programs. FAU - Misra, Ranjita
Nutrition and aging--practical advice for healthy eating.; This article provides practical advice about foods and dietary supplements that are beneficial for the health of older people. Overweight and obesity are among the most common nutrition-related disorders in older people. A plant-based diet is associated with reduced risk of chronic diseases such as obesity, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes. Vitamin B12 deficiency is prevalent in older adults, but there are misconceptions about the causes, consequences, and treatments. Diminished synthesis of vitamin D in the skin that occurs with aging and poor dietary intake contribute to the high prevalence of poor vitamin D status in older adults. Vitamin D deficiency is associated with chronic disorders beyond poor bone health. Supplements containing vitamin B12 and vitamin D will help older adults meet their needs for these key nutrients. FAU - Johnson, Mary Ann
Vegetarian diets in the Adventist Health Study 2: a review of initial published findings.; The Adventist Health Study 2 is a large cohort that is well suited to the study of the relation of vegetarian dietary patterns to health and disease risk. Here we review initial published findings with regard to vegetarian diets and several health outcomes. Vegetarian dietary patterns were associated with lower body mass index, lower prevalence and incidence of diabetes mellitus, lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and its component factors, lower prevalence of hypertension, lower all-cause mortality, and in some instances, lower risk of cancer. Findings with regard to factors related to vegetarian diets and bone health are also reviewed. These initial results show important links between vegetarian dietary patterns and improved health.
A preliminary fast may potentiate response to a subsequent low-salt, low-fat vegan diet in the management of hypertension - fasting as a strategy for breaking metabolic vicious cycles.; Although a salted diet appears to be a sine qua non for the development of essential hypertension, low-salt diets often have a modest or even negligible impact on the blood pressure of hypertensives; this suggests that salt, perhaps often acting in concert with other aspects of a modern, rich diet, may set in place certain metabolic vicious cycles that sustain blood pressure elevation even when dietary salt is eliminated. Therapeutic fasting is known to lower elevated blood pressure - presumably in large part because it minimizes insulin secretion - and may have the potential to break some of these vicious cycles. Goldhamer has recently reported that a regimen comprised of a water-only fast of moderate duration, followed by a transition to a low-fat, low-salt, whole-food vegan diet, achieves dramatic reductions in the blood pressure of hypertensives, such that the large majority of patients can be restored to normotensive status, in the absence of any drug therapy. Although long-term follow-up of these subjects has been sporadic, the available data suggest that these large reductions is blood pressure can be conserved in patients who remain compliant with the follow-up diet - in other words, a 'cure' for hypertension may be feasible. If a protein-sparing modified fast can be shown to be virtually as effective as a total fast for achieving these benefits, it may be possible to implement this regimen safely on an outpatient basis. The ability of therapeutic fasts to break metabolic vicious cycles may also contribute to the efficacy of fasting in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and autoimmune disorders. As a general principle, if a metabolic disorder is susceptible to prevention - but not reversal - by a specific diet, and therapeutic fasting has a temporary favorable impact on this disorder, then a more definitive therapy may consist of a therapeutic fast, followed up by the protective diet as a maintenance regimen. FAU - McCarty, M F
mTORC1 activity as a determinant of cancer risk--rationalizing the cancer-preventive effects of adiponectin, metformin, rapamycin, and low-protein vegan diets.; Increased plasma levels of adiponectin, metformin therapy of diabetes, rapamycin administration in transplant patients, and lifelong consumption of low-protein plant-based diets have all been linked to decreased risk for various cancers. These benefits may be mediated, at least in part, by down-regulated activity of the mTORC1 complex, a key regulator of protein translation. By boosting the effective availability of the translation initiator eIF4E, mTORC1 activity promotes the translation of a number of "weak" mRNAs that code for proteins, often up-regulated in cancer, that promote cellular proliferation, invasiveness, and angiogenesis, and that abet cancer promotion and chemoresistance by opposing apoptosis. Measures which inhibit eIF4E activity, either directly or indirectly, may have utility not only for cancer prevention, but also for the treatment of many cancers in which eIF4E drives malignancy. Since eIF4E is overexpressed in many cancers, strategies which target eIF4E directly--some of which are now being assessed clinically--may have the broadest efficacy in this regard. Many of the "weak" mRNAs coding for proteins that promote malignant behavior or chemoresistance are regulated transcriptionally by NF-kappaB and/or Stat3, which are active in a high proportion of cancers; thus, regimens concurrently targeting eIF4E, NF-kappaB, and Stat3 may suppress these proteins at both the transcriptional and translational levels, potentially achieving a very marked reduction in their expression.
Dietary inflammatory index and all-cause mortality in large cohorts: The SUN and PREDIMED studies.; BACKGROUND: Inflammation is known to be related to the leading causes of death including cardiovascular disease, several types of cancer, obesity, type 2 diabetes, depression-suicide and other chronic diseases. In the context of whole dietary patterns, the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII(®)) was developed to appraise the inflammatory potential of the diet. OBJECTIVE: We prospectively assessed the association between DII scores and all-cause mortality in two large Spanish cohorts and valuated the consistency of findings across these two cohorts and results published based on other cohorts. DESIGN: We assessed 18,566 participants in the "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort followed-up during 188,891 person-years and 6790 participants in the "PREvencion con DIeta MEDiterránea" (PREDIMED) randomized trial representing 30,233 person-years of follow-up. DII scores were calculated in both cohorts from validated FFQs. Higher DII scores corresponded to more proinflammatory diets. A total of 230 and 302 deaths occurred in SUN and PREDIMED, respectively. In a random-effect meta-analysis we included 12 prospective studies (SUN, PREDIMED and 10 additional studies) that assessed the association between DII scores and all-cause mortality. RESULTS: After adjusting for a wide array of potential confounders, the comparison between extreme quartiles of the DII showed a positive and significant association with all-cause mortality in both the SUN (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.85; 95% CI: 1.15, 2.98; P-trend = 0.004) and the PREDIMED cohort (HR = 1.42; 95% CI: 1.00, 2.02; P-trend = 0.009). In the meta-analysis of 12 cohorts, the DII was significantly associated with an increase of 23% in all-cause mortality (95% CI: 16%-32%, for the highest vs lowest category of DII). CONCLUSION: Our results provide strong and consistent support for the hypothesis that a pro-inflammatory diet is associated with increased all-cause mortality. The SUN cohort and PREDIMED trial were registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02669602 and at isrctn.com as ISRCTN35739639, respectively.
Protein and vegetarian diets.; A vegetarian diet can easily meet human dietary protein requirements as long as energy needs are met and a variety of foods are eaten. Vegetarians should obtain protein from a variety of plant sources, including legumes, soy products, grains, nuts and seeds. Eggs and dairy products also provide protein for those following a lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet. There is no need to consciously combine different plant proteins at each meal as long as a variety of foods are eaten from day to day, because the human body maintains a pool of amino acids which can be used to complement dietary protein. The consumption of plant proteins rather than animal proteins by vegetarians may contribute to their reduced risk of chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease. FAU - Marsh, Kate A
Renal function following three distinct weight loss dietary strategies during 2 years of a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: This study addressed the long-term effect of various diets, particularly low-carbohydrate high-protein, on renal function on participants with or without type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In the 2-year Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial (DIRECT), 318 participants (age, 51 years; 86% men; BMI, 31 kg/m(2); mean estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], 70.5 mL/min/1.73 m(2); mean urine microalbumin-to-creatinine ratio, 12:12) with serum creatinine <176 μmol/L (eGFR ≥ 30 mL/min/1.73 m(2)) were randomized to low-fat, Mediterranean, or low-carbohydrate diets. The 2-year compliance was 85%, and the proportion of protein intake significantly increased to 22% of energy only in the low-carbohydrate diet (P < 0.05 vs. low-fat and Mediterranean). We examined changes in urinary microalbumin and eGFR, estimated by Modification of Diet in Renal Disease and Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration formulas. RESULTS: Significant (P < 0.05 within groups) improvements in eGFR were achieved in low-carbohydrate (+5.3% [95% CI 2.1-8.5]), Mediterranean (+5.2% [3.0-7.4]), and low-fat diets (+4.0% [0.9-7.1]) with similar magnitude (P > 0.05) across diet groups. The increased eGFR was at least as prominent in participants with (+6.7%) or without (+4.5%) type 2 diabetes or those with lower baseline renal function of eGFR <60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (+7.1%) versus eGFR ≥ 60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (+3.7%). In a multivariable model adjusted for age, sex, diet group, type 2 diabetes, use of ACE inhibitors, 2-year weight loss, and change in protein intake (confounders and univariate predictors), only a decrease in fasting insulin (β = -0.211; P = 0.004) and systolic blood pressure (β = -0.25; P < 0.001) were independently associated with increased eGFR. The urine microalbumin-to-creatinine ratio improved similarly across the diets, particularly among participants with baseline sex-adjusted microalbuminuria, with a mean change of -24.8 (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: A low-carbohydrate diet is as safe as Mediterranean or low-fat diets in preserving/improving renal function among moderately obese participants with or without type 2 diabetes, with baseline serum creatinine <176 μmol/L. Potential improvement is likely to be mediated by weight loss-induced improvements in insulin sensitivity and blood pressure. FAU - Tirosh, Amir
The influence of vegan diet on bone mineral density and biochemical bone turnover markers.; INTRODUCTION: Vegetarian diets can be healthy when they are well balanced and if a variety of foods is consumed. However, elimination of animal products from the diet (vegan diets) decreases the intake of some essential nutrients and may influence the bone metabolism. This is especially important in childhood and adolescence, when growth and bone turnover are most intensive. The aim of the study was to assess the effect of vegan diet on bone density (BMD) density and serum concentrations of bone metabolism markers. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We examined a family on vegan diet which consisted of parents and two children. Dietary constituents were analysed using a nutritional program. Total and regional BMD were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Concentrations of calcium and phosphate in serum obtained from fasting patients were determined by colorimetric methods, 25-hydroxyvitamin D by the chemiluminescence method and bone turnover markers by specific enzyme immunoassays. RESULTS: In studied vegans, the dietary intake of phosphate was adequate while calcium and vitamin D were below the recommended range. Concentrations of calcium, phosphate and bone turnover markers in the serum of all subjects were within the physiological range, but 25-hydroxyvitamin D level was low. Age-matched Z-score total BMD was between -0.6 and 0.3 in adults, however in children it was lower (-0.9 and -1.0). Z-score BMD lumbar spine (L2-L4) was between -0.9 to -1.9 in parents and -1.5 to -1.7 in children. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that an inadequate dietary intake of calcium and vitamin D may impair the bone turnover rate and cause a decrease in bone mineral density in vegans. The parameters of bone density and bone metabolism should be monitored in vegans, especially children, in order to prevent bone abnormalities. FAU - Ambroszkiewicz, Jadwiga
Plasma levels of advanced glycation end products in healthy, long-term vegetarians and subjects on a western mixed diet.; BACKGROUND: Evidence indicates that food-derived Maillard's reaction products are absorbed and yet can be detected in the circulation. AIM OF THE STUDY: We postulated that consumption of the heat-treated food by omnivores could be reflected by higher plasma levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) in comparison with vegetarians, who in cooking (by keeping away from meat) use lower temperatures and less time for heating. METHODS: Plasma fluorescent AGEs (350/450 nm) and N(epsilon)-(carboxymethyl)lysine (CML, competitive ELISA) levels were investigated in 3 groups of healthy vegetarians (9 vegans-V, 19 lactoovo-vegetarians--VLO and 14 semi-vegetarians--VS) and compared with those of age-matched omnivores (O, n=19). Mean duration of vegetarian diet was V: 7.2 +/- 1.0,VLO: 8.2 +/- 0.8 and VS: 7.9 +/- 1.1 years. RESULTS: Both fluorescent AGE (O: 9.9 +/- 0.5; V: 10.8 +/- 0.7, LO: 13.1 +/- 0.8* and SV: 11.6 +/- 1.2 x 10(3) AU), and CML levels (O: 427.1 +/- 15.0,V: 514.8 +/- 24.6*, LO: 525.7 +/- 29.5**, SV: 492.6 +/- 18.0* ng/ml) were significantly lower in omnivores than in vegetarians. Plasma glucose, parameters of renal function (plasma concentration of creatinine and cystatin C, calculated glomerular filtration rate--GFR) as well as C-reactive protein levels were within the normal range and did not differ significantly between the groups. Thus, neither decline of kidney function nor inflammatory processes contributed to the rise in plasma AGEs. CONCLUSION: Enhanced plasma AGE levels in vegetarians in comparison to omnivores are herein presented for the first time. Mechanisms of AGE elevation and potential pathophysiological relevance of this finding are to be elucidated in prospective studies. FAU - Sebeková, K
Insulin secretion as a determinant of pancreatic cancer risk.; New epidemiology confirms that glucose intolerance is a risk factor for pancreatic cancer, and that this association cannot be accounted for by an adverse impact of early pancreatic cancer on beta cell function. Previous reports indicate that risk for pancreatic cancer is increased in adult-onset diabetics. Since streptozotocin diabetes inhibits carcinogen-mediated induction of pancreatic cancer in hamsters, the most reasonable interpretation of these findings is that insulin (or some other beta cell product) acts as a promoter for pancreatic carcinogenesis. This view is consistent with a report that human pancreatic adenocarcinomas express insulin receptors that can stimulate mitosis; an additional possibility is that high insulin levels indirectly promote pancreatic carcinogenesis by boosting effective IGF-I activity via hepatic actions. In international ecologic epidemiology, pancreatic cancer rates correlate tightly with dietary intake of animal products; this may reflect the fact that vegan diets are associated with low diurnal insulin secretion. There is also suggestive evidence that macrobiotic vegan diets, which are low in glycemic index, may increase mean survival time in pancreatic cancer. However, other types of diets associated with decreased postprandial insulin response, such as high-protein diets or 'Mediterranean' diets high in oleic acid, may also have the potential for pancreatic cancer prevention. The huge increases of age-adjusted pancreatic cancer mortality in Japan and among African-Americans during the last century imply that pancreatic cancer is substantially preventable; a low-insulin-response diet coupled with exercise training, weight control, and smoking avoidance, commendable for a great many other reasons, may slash pancreatic cancer mortality dramatically.
Can the Mediterranean diet lower HbA1c in type 2 diabetes? Results from a randomized cross-over study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To investigate the impact of a diet modeled on the traditional Cretan Mediterranean diet on metabolic control and vascular risk in type 2 diabetes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Twenty-seven subjects (47-77 yrs) with type 2 diabetes were randomly assigned to consume either the intervention diet ad libitum or their usual diet for 12 weeks and then cross over to the alternate diet. Most of the meals and staple foods for the intervention diet were provided. Lipids, glycemic variables, blood pressure, homocysteine, C-reactive protein, plasma carotenoids and body composition (anthropometry and dual energy X-ray absorptiometry) were assessed at baseline, and at the end of both diet periods. Dietary adherence was monitored using plasma carotenoid and fatty acid (FA) analysis, complemented by diet diaries. Compared with usual diet, on the ad libitum Mediterranean intervention diet glycosylated haemoglobin fell from 7.1% (95% CI: 6.5-7.7) to 6.8% (95% CI: 6.3-7.3) (p=0.012) and diet quality improved significantly [plant:animal (g/day) food ratio increased from 1.3 (95% CI: 1.1-1.5) to 5.4 (95% CI: 4.3-6.6) (p<0.001)], plasma lycopene and lutein/zeaxanthin increased (36% and 25%, respectively), plasma saturated and trans FAs decreased, and monounsaturated FAs increased. CONCLUSION: A traditional moderate-fat Mediterranean diet improves glycemic control and diet quality in men and women with well-controlled type 2 diabetes, without adverse effects on weight.
Ethnicity and genetics are more important than diabetes mellitus and hypertension in producing cardiovascular events in patients with the metabolic syndrome: emphasis in the Puerto Rico population.; Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of risk factors for cardiovascular disease that affects an estimated 50 million Americans. The present article reviews the metabolic syndrome with respect to its definition, epidemiology, pathophysiology and management. A primary focus in research has been to elucidate the processes determined to cause insulin resistance, the fundamental mechanism underlying the metabolic syndrome. Namely, the incidence, component characteristics and complications of the metabolic syndrome in the island of Puerto Rico are described alongside the fact that the metabolic syndrome may be milder in Puerto Rico than in the mainland United States because it is characterized by less aggressive coronary disease and a relatively normal lipid profile. This suggests that the cardiovascular complications are more influenced by genetics and culture than diabetes mellitus and hypertension. FAU - Altieri, Pablo I
Vegetarian diet and all-cause mortality: Evidence from a large population-based Australian cohort - the 45 and Up Study.; The vegetarian diet is thought to have health benefits including reductions in type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Evidence to date suggests that vegetarians tend to have lower mortality rates when compared with non-vegetarians, but most studies are not population-based and other healthy lifestyle factors may have confounded apparent protective effects. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between categories of vegetarian diet (including complete, semi and pesco-vegetarian) and all-cause mortality in a large population-based Australian cohort. The 45 and Up Study is a cohort study of 267,180 men and women aged ≥45years in New South Wales (NSW), Australia. Vegetarian diet status was assessed by baseline questionnaire and participants were categorized into complete vegetarians, semi-vegetarians (eat meat≤once/week), pesco-vegetarians and regular meat eaters. All-cause mortality was determined by linked registry data to mid-2014. Cox proportional hazards models quantified the association between vegetarian diet and all-cause mortality adjusting for a range of potential confounding factors. Among 243,096 participants (mean age: 62.3years, 46.7% men) there were 16,836 deaths over a mean 6.1years of follow-up. Following extensive adjustment for potential confounding factors there was no significant difference in all-cause mortality for vegetarians versus non-vegetarians [HR=1.16 (95% CI 0.93-1.45)]. There was also no significant difference in mortality risk between pesco-vegetarians [HR=0.79 (95% CI 0.59-1.06)] or semi-vegetarians [HR=1.12 (95% CI 0.96-1.31)] versus regular meat eaters. We found no evidence that following a vegetarian diet, semi-vegetarian diet or a pesco-vegetarian diet has an independent protective effect on all-cause mortality.
Predominantly vegetarian diet in patients with incipient and early clinical diabetic nephropathy: effects on albumin excretion rate and nutritional status.; Several studies have suggested that dietary protein quality may be an important determinant in the natural history of renal disease. We have therefore studied the effects of a predominantly vegetarian diet in eight patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and an albumin excretion rate (AER) in excess of 30 micrograms min-1. The AER was measured after an 8-week run-in period on the patient's usual diet, and again after 8 weeks of a predominantly vegetarian diet in which the proportion of vegetable protein was supplemented in order to minimize the reduction in total dietary protein intake. The median fractional albumin clearance fell during the study from an initial value of 188 x 10(-+) (range 58-810 x 10(-4)) at the end of the run-in period to 87 x 10(-4) (23-829 x 10(-4)) at the end of the period on low animal protein diet (difference 79 x 10(-4) (95% Cl 9-149 x 10(-4)), p less than 0.05). The AER then returned to values similar to those obtained at the beginning of the study after a further 8 weeks in those patients returning to their usual diet. No significant changes in blood glucose control or in arterial pressure were observed. A predominantly vegetarian diet may therefore have important beneficial effects on diabetic nephropathy without the need for a heavily restricted total protein intake. FAU - Jibani, M M
From type 2 diabetes to antioxidant activity: a systematic review of the safety and efficacy of common and cassia cinnamon bark.; Common (Cinnamomum verum, C. zeylanicum) and cassia (C. aromaticum) cinnamon have a long history of use as spices and flavouring agents. A number of pharmacological and clinical effects have been observed with their use. The objective of this study was to systematically review the scientific literature for preclinical and clinical evidence of safety, efficacy, and pharmacological activity of common and cassia cinnamon. Using the principles of evidence-based practice, we searched 9 electronic databases and compiled data according to the grade of evidence found. One pharmacological study on antioxidant activity and 7 clinical studies on various medical conditions were reported in the scientific literature including type 2 diabetes (3), Helicobacter pylori infection (1), activation of olfactory cortex of the brain (1), oral candidiasis in HIV (1), and chronic salmonellosis (1). Two of 3 randomized clinical trials on type 2 diabetes provided strong scientific evidence that cassia cinnamon demonstrates a therapeutic effect in reducing fasting blood glucose by 10.3%-29%; the third clinical trial did not observe this effect. Cassia cinnamon, however, did not have an effect at lowering glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). One randomized clinical trial reported that cassia cinnamon lowered total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides; the other 2 trials, however, did not observe this effect. There was good scientific evidence that a species of cinnamon was not effective at eradicating H. pylori infection. Common cinnamon showed weak to very weak evidence of efficacy in treating oral candidiasis in HIV patients and chronic salmonellosis. FAU - Dugoua, Jean-Jacques
[Food model in western Andalusia].; As is known, the type and amount of food consumption determine the nutritional composition of the diet. A healthy nutritional composition plays an essential role in the prevention of diseases such as cardiovascular, diabetes mellitus type 2 and obesity. Regarding overweight and obesity, its prevalence has increased in recent years in our country and more markedly in Andalusia, reaching quite worrying figures, due to unfavorable changes in lifestyle and nutrition. In Andalusia, food consumption figures are lower than national ones and this contrasts with the higher prevalence of overweight and obesity in this Community. In addition, the sale of soft drinks in Andalusia are higher than the national average and sedentary lifestyle is higher. Among the strengths of the food model in western Andalusia, it is worth mentioning the follow-up of a model more adjusted to the Mediterranean diet by women and the elderly. There is a tendency to abandon the Mediterranean diet among the youngest and low socio-economic levels. On the nutritional profile, the lipids (39.1%) exceed the recommendations at the expense of carbohydrates, the consumption of saturated fatty acids (11.3%) exceeds the recommendations and the intakes of zinc and folic acid do not reach the values recommended. In general terms, there is an abandonment, fundamentally on the part of the youngest people of the typical foods of the Mediterranean diet. FAU - Santi Cano, María José
A Mediterranean diet improves HbA1c but not fasting blood glucose compared to alternative dietary strategies: a network meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Overweight or obese individuals with type 2 diabetes are encouraged to lose weight for optimal glucose management, yet many find this difficult. Determining whether alterations in dietary patterns irrespective of weight loss can aid glucose control has not been fully investigated. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis aiming to determine the effects of a Mediterranean diet compared to other dietary interventions on glycaemic control irrespective of weight loss. Electronic databases were searched for controlled trials that included a Mediterranean diet intervention. The interventions included all major components of the Mediterranean diet and were carried out in free-living individuals at high risk or diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. Network meta-analysis compared all interventions with one another at the same time as maintaining randomisation. Analyses were conducted within a Bayesian framework. RESULTS: Eight studies met the inclusion criteria, seven examined fasting blood glucose (n = 972), six examined fasting insulin (n = 1330) and three examined HbA1c (n = 487). None of the interventions were significantly better than the others in lowering glucose parameters. The Mediterranean diet reduced HbA1c significantly compared to usual care but not compared to the Palaeolithic diet. CONCLUSIONS: The effect of alterations in dietary practice irrespective of weight loss on glycaemic control cannot be concluded from the present review. The need for further research in this area is apparent because no firm conclusions about relative effectiveness of interventions could be drawn as a result of the paucity of the evidence.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Health Implications of Dietary Fiber.; It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that the public should consume adequate amounts of dietary fiber from a variety of plant foods. Dietary fiber is defined by the Institute of Medicine Food Nutrition Board as "nondigestible carbohydrates and lignin that are intrinsic and intact in plants." Populations that consume more dietary fiber have less chronic disease. Higher intakes of dietary fiber reduce the risk of developing several chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and some cancers, and have been associated with lower body weights. The Adequate Intake for fiber is 14 g total fiber per 1,000 kcal, or 25 g for adult women and 38 g for adult men, based on research demonstrating protection against coronary heart disease. Properties of dietary fiber, such as fermentability and viscosity, are thought to be important parameters influencing the risk of disease. Plant components associated with dietary fiber may also contribute to reduced disease risk. The mean intake of dietary fiber in the United States is 17 g/day with only 5% of the population meeting the Adequate Intake. Healthy adults and children can achieve adequate dietary fiber intakes by increasing their intake of plant foods while concurrently decreasing energy from foods high in added sugar and fat, and low in fiber. Dietary messages to increase consumption of whole grains, legumes, vegetables, fruits, and nuts should be broadly supported by food and nutrition practitioners.
Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and vegetarian diets.; While intakes of the omega-3 fatty acid α-linolenic acid (ALA) are similar in vegetarians and non-vegetarians, intakes of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are low in vegetarians and virtually absent in vegans. Plasma, blood and tissue levels of EPA and DHA are lower in vegetarians than in non-vegetarians, although the clinical significance of this is unknown. Vegetarians do not exhibit clinical signs of DHA deficiency, but further research is required to ascertain whether levels observed in vegetarians are sufficient to support optimal health. ALA is endogenously converted to EPA and DHA, but the process is slow and inefficient and is affected by genetics, sex, age and dietary composition. Vegetarians can take practical steps to optimise conversion of ALA to EPA and DHA, including reducing intake of linoleic acid. There are no official separate recommendations for intake of fatty acids by vegetarians. However, we suggest that vegetarians double the current adequate intake of ALA if no direct sources of EPA and DHA are consumed. Vegetarians with increased needs or reduced conversion ability may receive some advantage from DHA and EPA supplements derived from microalgae. A supplement of 200-300 mg/day of DHA and EPA is suggested for those with increased needs, such as pregnant and lactating women, and those with reduced conversion ability, such as older people or those who have chronic disease (eg, diabetes). FAU - Saunders, Angela V
Global epidemiology of obesity, vegetarian dietary patterns, and noncommunicable disease in Asian Indians.; An increase in noncommunicable disease (NCD) in India has been attributed to an epidemiologic transition whereby, due to urbanization, there is an increase in traditional cardiovascular disease risk factors such as obesity. Accumulated biomarker data on the "Asian Indian phenotype" identify central obesity, which occurs at a lower body mass index (BMI), as a particularly potent risk factor in Asian Indians. A revised WHO case definition for obesity in India [BMI (in kg/m(2)) >25] has identified an obesity epidemic that exceeds 30% in some cities and rivals that in Western nations. This review summarizes 2 key lines of evidence: 1) the emergence of an obesity epidemic in urban and rural India and its contribution to the NCD burden and 2) the role of a "nutrition transition" in decreasing the whole plant food content of diets in India and increasing risk of obesity and NCDs. We then present new epidemiologic evidence from Asian Indians enrolled in the Adventist Health Study 2 that raises the possibility of how specific whole plant foods (eg, nuts) in a vegetarian dietary pattern could potentially prevent obesity and NCDs in a target population of >1 billion persons.
Relative reduction of biological and phylogenetic diversity of the oral microbiota of diabetes and pre-diabetes patients.; BACKGROUND: A reciprocal relationship between oral health and systemic disease, such as type 2 diabetes, has been suggested, whereby a systemic disease is a predisposing factor for oral infection. If the infection occurs, it in turn aggravates the progression of the systemic disease. According to several studies, certain constituents of the oral microbiota are linked to diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and obesity. In the current study, we aimed to compare the microbial diversity and population structure of the oral microbiota of normoglycemic, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and diabetes patients. METHODOLOGY: The study followed a case-control design, with 15 type 2 diabetes patients, 10 IGT subjects, and 19 control subjects. All subjects underwent assessment of periodontitis and oral health. Saliva samples were collected, and DNA was isolated from these samples. Hypervariable regions of the 16Sr RNA gene were amplified and sequenced, and the generated sequences underwent bioinformatics analysis. Statistical analysis and diversity index calculations were made using the statistical software R, vegan R-package, and Past3.20 software. RESULTS: Overall, 551 operational taxonomic units (OTUs) were identified. Based on OTU analysis, a clear reduction of the number of species was observed in both IGT (412) and diabetes groups (372) compared with that in the normoglycemic group (502). This was associated with a similar pattern of reduction of biological diversity among the three groups. The phylogenetic diversity (PD-SBL) value in the normoglycemic group was higher than that in the diabetes group. The diabetes group exhibited the highest evenness value and the highest microbiota bacterial pathogenic content. CONCLUSION: A clear reduction of the biological and phylogenetic diversity was apparent in the diabetes and pre-diabetes oral microbiota in comparison with that in the normoglycemic oral microbiota. However, this was associated with an increase in the pathogenic content of the hyperglycemic microbiota. The results of this study may aid to better understanding of the directionality of the mysterious reciprocal relationship.
Screening native botanicals for bioactivity: an interdisciplinary approach.; OBJECTIVE: Plant-based therapies have been used in medicine throughout recorded history. Information about the therapeutic properties of plants often can be found in local cultures as folk medicine is communicated from one generation to the next. The aim of this study was to identify native Louisiana plants from Creole folk medicine as a potential source of therapeutic compounds for the treatment of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and related disorders. METHODS: We used an interdisciplinary approach combining expertise in disciplines ranging from cultural anthropology and botany to biochemistry and endocrinology to screen native southwest Louisiana plants. Translation of accounts of Creole folk medicine yielded a list of plants with documented use in treating a variety of conditions, including inflammation. These plants were collected, vouchered, and catalogued before extraction of soluble components. Extracts were analyzed for bioactivity in regulating inflammatory responses in macrophages or fatty acid-induced insulin resistance in C2C12 skeletal muscle cells. RESULTS: Several extracts altered gene expression of inflammatory markers in macrophages. Multiplex analysis of kinase activation in insulin-signaling pathways in skeletal muscle also identified a subset of extracts that alter insulin-stimulated protein kinase B phosphorylation in the presence of fatty-acid-induced insulin resistance. CONCLUSION: An interdisciplinary approach to screening botanical sources of therapeutic agents can be successfully applied to identify native plants used in folk medicine as potential sources of therapeutic agents in treating insulin resistance in skeletal muscle or inflammatory processes associated with obesity-related insulin resistance.
Metabolic effects of resveratrol: addressing the controversies.; Resveratrol, a polyphenol found in a number of plant-based foods such as red wine, has received a great deal of attention for its diverse array of healthful effects. Beneficial effects of resveratrol are diverse; they include improvement of mitochondrial function, protection against obesity and obesity-related diseases such as type-2 diabetes, suppression of inflammation and cancer cell growth and protection against cardiovascular dysfunction, just to name a few. Investigations into the metabolic effects of resveratrol are furthest along and now include a number of clinical trials, which have yielded mixed results. There are a number of controversies surrounding resveratrol that have not been resolved. Here, we will review these controversies with particular emphasis on its mechanism of metabolic action and how lessons from resveratrol may help develop therapies that harness the effects of resveratrol but without the undesirable properties of resveratrol. FAU - Bitterman, Jacob L
Improved alpha-amylase and Helicobacter pylori inhibition by fenugreek extracts derived via solid-state bioconversion using Rhizopus oligosporus.; The present research investigated the enrichment of fenugreek (Trigonella foenum graceum) seed substrate with phenolic antioxidants and L-DOPA via fungal-based solid-state bioconversion (SSB) system. This approach using food grade fungus Rhizopus oligosporus, was chosen because it has been demonstrated to be effective in other seed and food substrates for improving health-relevant functionality and has long history of use for food processing in Asia. The protein content and beta-glucosidase activity of the substrate which reflects fungal growth, increased with incubation time in conjunction with enhanced phenolic content and also suggested its possible involvement in phenolic mobilization. The antioxidant activity assayed by beta-carotene bleaching and DPPH free radical scavenging methods both indicated high activity during early growth stage (days 4-6) followed by reduced activity during later growth stage (days 8-20). A direct association between higher phenolic contents during early growth stage (days 4-6) and antioxidant activity suggested a link to mobilization of polymeric and hydrophobic phenolic forms. The L-DOPA content of the fenugreek extract fluctuated during the course of bioconversion with higher levels during days 6-10 (1.5-1.7 mg/g DW). The SSB process substantially improved the in vitro porcine alpha-amylase inhibition activity by 75 % on day 4 which correlated to higher levels of total phenolics and related antioxidant activity of the extracts. The high alpha-amylase inhibitory activity also coincided with high L-DOPA content on day 6. These results have implications for diet-based diabetes management. The same bioconversion stage had Helicobacter pylori inhibitory activity, which has implications for ulcer management. FAU - Randhir, Reena
Nutrient intake in the GEICO multicenter trial: the effects of a multicomponent worksite intervention.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects on macro- and micronutrient intake of a nutrition intervention program in corporate settings across the United States. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Two hundred and ninety-two individuals who were overweight or had type 2 diabetes were recruited from 10 sites of a US insurance company. Two hundred and seventy-one participants completed baseline diet recalls, and 183 participants completed dietary recalls at 18 weeks. Sites were randomly assigned to an intervention group (five sites) or to a control group (five sites) for 18 weeks. At intervention sites, participants were asked to follow a low-fat vegan diet and attend weekly group meetings. At control sites, participants continued their usual diets. At baseline and 18 weeks, participants completed 2-day diet recalls. Between-group differences in changes in nutrient intake were assessed using an analysis of covariance. RESULTS: Compared with those in the control group, intervention-group participants significantly reduced the reported intake of total fat (P=0.02), saturated (P=0.006) and monounsaturated fats (P=0.01), cholesterol (P=0.009), protein (P=0.03) and calcium (P=0.02), and increased the intake of carbohydrate (P=0.006), fiber (P=0.002), β-carotene (P=0.01), vitamin C (P=0.003), magnesium (P=0.04) and potassium (P=0.002). CONCLUSIONS: An 18-week intervention program in a corporate setting reduces intake of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol and increases the intake of protective nutrients, particularly fiber, β-carotene, vitamin C, magnesium and potassium. The reduction in calcium intake indicates the need for planning for this nutrient. FAU - Mishra, S
Handgrip Strength and Its Associated Factors among Community-dwelling Elderly in Sri Lanka: A Cross-sectional Study.; PURPOSE: Low muscle strength is central to geriatric physical disabilities and mortality. The purpose of the present study was to examine handgrip strength (HGS) and its associated factors among community-dwelling older people in Sri Lanka. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in the Kandy district using multistage sampling. A total of 999 older people were recruited, with a female preponderance. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires on demographic characteristics, depression, and physical activity. Anthropometric measurements including weight, height, mid-upper arm circumference, calf circumference, and HGS were recorded. Complex sample general linear model was used to examine the association between HGS and its associated factors. RESULTS: The mean highest HGS of the study group was 12.56 kg (95% confidence interval: 11.94-13.19). Male older people had a higher HGS (17.02, 95% confidence interval: 15.55-18.49 kg) than females (10.59, 95% confidence interval: 10.12-11.06 kg). For both men and women, older age was associated with lower HGS, while mid-upper arm circumference was associated with better HGS. Diabetes mellitus, vegetarian diet, and alcohol consumption were associated with HGS for women only. CONCLUSION: Men had a higher HGS compared with women. Age, mid-upper arm circumference, diabetes mellitus, vegetarian diet, and alcohol consumption were factors associated with HGS among community-dwelling older people in Kandy district, Sri Lanka. HGS can be used as a feasible strategy to improve health status of older people by community health nurses.
Vegan proteins may reduce risk of cancer, obesity, and cardiovascular disease by promoting increased glucagon activity.; Amino acids modulate the secretion of both insulin and glucagon; the composition of dietary protein therefore has the potential to influence the balance of glucagon and insulin activity. Soy protein, as well as many other vegan proteins, are higher in non-essential amino acids than most animal-derived food proteins, and as a result should preferentially favor glucagon production. Acting on hepatocytes, glucagon promotes (and insulin inhibits) cAMP-dependent mechanisms that down-regulate lipogenic enzymes and cholesterol synthesis, while up-regulating hepatic LDL receptors and production of the IGF-I antagonist IGFBP-1. The insulin-sensitizing properties of many vegan diets--high in fiber, low in saturated fat--should amplify these effects by down-regulating insulin secretion. Additionally, the relatively low essential amino acid content of some vegan diets may decrease hepatic IGF-I synthesis. Thus, diets featuring vegan proteins can be expected to lower elevated serum lipid levels, promote weight loss, and decrease circulating IGF-I activity. The latter effect should impede cancer induction (as is seen in animal studies with soy protein), lessen neutrophil-mediated inflammatory damage, and slow growth and maturation in children. In fact, vegans tend to have low serum lipids, lean physiques, shorter stature, later puberty, and decreased risk for certain prominent 'Western' cancers; a vegan diet has documented clinical efficacy in rheumatoid arthritis. Low-fat vegan diets may be especially protective in regard to cancers linked to insulin resistance--namely, breast and colon cancer--as well as prostate cancer; conversely, the high IGF-I activity associated with heavy ingestion of animal products may be largely responsible for the epidemic of 'Western' cancers in wealthy societies. Increased phytochemical intake is also likely to contribute to the reduction of cancer risk in vegans. Regression of coronary stenoses has been documented during low-fat vegan diets coupled with exercise training; such regimens also tend to markedly improve diabetic control and lower elevated blood pressure. Risk of many other degenerative disorders may be decreased in vegans, although reduced growth factor activity may be responsible for an increased risk of hemorrhagic stroke. By altering the glucagon/insulin balance, it is conceivable that supplemental intakes of key non-essential amino acids could enable omnivores to enjoy some of the health advantages of a vegan diet. An unnecessarily high intake of essential amino acids--either in the absolute sense or relative to total dietary protein--may prove to be as grave a risk factor for 'Western' degenerative diseases as is excessive fat intake. FAU - McCarty, M F
Association of plant-based dietary patterns with psychological profile and obesity in Iranian women.; BACKGROUND: A bidirectional association exists between psychological disorders and obesity. Also, diet could impact on both of these disorders. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between plant-based dietary patterns and psychological profile and obesity. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was performed in a sample of 435 Iranian women. A validated and reliable semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire was used to collect dietary data. Three dietary indices including an overall plant-based diet (PDI), healthful plant-based diet (hPDI), and unhealthful plant-based diet (uPDI) were determined. Body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) were used to define general and abdominal obesity, respectively. Psychological profile status was determined from the DASS-21 questionnaire. RESULTS: We found that higher uPDI scores increased the odds of overall (PDI: 2.62; 95% CI 1.28-5.35, P(trend) = 0.01) and abdominal (PDI: 2.36; 95% CI 1.11-5.02, P(trend) = 0.03) obesity in comparison with lower scores. Moreover, an inverse association was observed between higher PDI and hPDI scores and depression (PDI: 0.41; 95% CI 0.23-0.71, P(trend) = 0.001, hPDI: 0.44; 95% CI 0.25-0.76, P(trend) = 0.003), anxiety (PDI: 0.56; 95% CI 0.33-0.94, P(trend) = 0.03, hPDI: 0.55; 95% CI 0.33-0.94, P(trend) = 0.03), and psychological distress (PDI: 0.44; 95% CI 0.26-0.75, P(trend) = 0.003, hPDI: 0.49; 95% CI 0.29-0.82, P(trend) = 0.009). For uPDI, higher scores were associated with depression (uPDI: 1.91; 95% CI 1.03-3.55, P(trend) = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: A plant-based diet, particularly healthful-rich plant foods were inversely associated with psychological disorders. Furthermore, unhealthy plant foods were associated with increased risk of obesity as well as depression.
Adherence to a healthy plant diet may reduce inflammatory factors in obese and overweight women-a cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity and overweight which are consequence of some interaction factor such as genetics and behavioral habit. Obesity as a metabolic disorder and chronic inflammation is a trigger to countless disease. The main goal of this study is to investigate the interaction of herbal diet on the levels of liver enzymes, inflammatory factors and adipocytes profile. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 240 adult women range of 18-48 years were included in the current comparative cross-sectional study. Body composition and dietary intake (using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ)) were assessed in all participants. In determining a plant based diet index (PDI), vegetarian foods were taken positive score and reverse points for animal foods. For determining a healthful plant based diet index (hPDI), healthy plant foods received positive scores, while less healthy plant foods and animal foods received reverse scores. To create an unhealthful plant-based diet index (uPDI), positive scores were assigned to less healthy plant foods and reverse scores to healthy plant foods and animal foods. For the measurement of serum liver enzymes and inflammatory factors, an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method was used. RESULTS: Healthy diet like whole grains, fruits, vegetables, cereals, and beverages such as tea and coffee, based on dietary guidelines, significantly reduced the amount of hs-CRP and TGF-β (P < 0.0001). Higher adhering to hPDI may as a result in higher intake of fiber intake, antioxidants, unsaturated fats, micronutrients, could reduce saturated fats and iron content, and finally weight loss, and reduce inflammation in the body. CONCLUSION: Base on our finding, in those people who intake higher amounts of healthy plant foods, (vegetable types), instead of unhealthy herbal foods (sweets and desserts), might be useful to reduce inflammation factor like TGF-β and hs-CRP. Women with a higher compliance score in uPDI group (juices, refined grains, starches sweetened with sugar, sweets, and desserts) did not have significantly increase in inflammatory factors levels.
Vegetarianism and cardiometabolic disease risk factors: Differences between South Asian and US adults.; OBJECTIVES: Cardiometabolic diseases are increasing disproportionately in South Asia compared with other regions of the world despite high levels of vegetarianism. This unexpected discordance may be explained by differences in the healthfulness of vegetarian and non-vegetarian diets in South Asia compared with the United States. The aim of this study was to compare the food group intake of vegetarians with non-vegetarians in South Asia and the United States and to evaluate associations between vegetarianism and cardiometabolic disease risk factors (overweight/obesity, central obesity, diabetes, hypertension, high triacylglycerols, high low-density lipoprotein, low high-density lipoprotein, and high Framingham Heart Score). METHODS: Using cross-sectional data from adults (age 20-69 y) in South Asia (Centre for Cardiometabolic Risk Reduction in South-Asia [CARRS] 2010-2011; N = 15 665) and the United States (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2003-2006; N = 2159), adherence to a vegetarian diet was assessed using food propensity questionnaires. Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios and predicted margins (e.g., adjusted prevalence of the outcomes). RESULTS: One-third (33%; n = 4968) of adults in the South Asian sample were vegetarian compared with only 2.4% (n = 59) in the US sample. Among South Asians, vegetarians more frequently ate dairy, legumes, vegetables, fruit, desserts, and fried foods than non-vegitarians (all P < 0.05). Among Americans, vegetarians more frequently ate legumes, fruit, and whole grains, and less frequently ate refined cereals, desserts, fried foods, fruit juice, and soft drinks than non-vegetarians (all P < 0.05). After adjustment for confounders (age, sex, education, tobacco, alcohol, and also city in CARRS), South Asian vegetarians were slightly less frequently overweight/obese compared with non-vegetarians: 49% (95% confidence interval [CI], 45%-53%) versus 53% (95% CI, 51%-56%), respectively; whereas US vegetarians were considerably less frequently overweight/obese compared with non-vegetarians: 48% (95% CI, 32%-63%) versus 68% (95% CI, 65%-70%), respectively. Furthermore, US vegetarians were less likely to exhibit central obesity than non-vegetarians: 62% (95% CI, 43%-78%) versus 78% (95% CI, 76%-80%), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: There is greater divergence between vegetarian and non-vegetarian diets in the United States than in South Asia, and US vegetarians have more consistently healthier food group intakes than South Asian vegetarians. Vegetarians in both populations have a lower probability of overweight/obesity compared with non-vegetarians. The strength of this association may be stronger for US vegetarian diets, which were also protective against central obesity.
The medical costs attributable to meat consumption.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the medical costs that are attributable to the health effects of meat consumption. METHODS: The prevalence of hypertension, heart disease, cancer, diabetes, gallstones, obesity, and foodborne illness among omnivores and vegetarians are compared in studies that have controlled for other lifestyle factors, and the corresponding attributable medical costs are calculated in 1992 dollars. RESULTS: Direct health care costs attributable to meat consumption are estimated to be +2.8-8.5 billion for hypertension, +9.5 billion for heart disease, +0-16.5 billion for cancer, +14.0-17.1 billion for diabetes, +0.2-2.4 billion for gallbladder disease, +1.9 billion for obesity-related musculoskeletal disorders, and +0.2-5.5 billion for foodborne illness. The total direct medical costs attributable to meat consumption for 1992 are estimated at +28.6-61.4 billion. CONCLUSION: Health care costs attributable to meat consumption are quantifiable and substantial. FAU - Barnard, N D
A plant-based diet for the prevention and treatment of type 2 diabetes.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes is rising worldwide, especially in older adults. Diet and lifestyle, particularly plant-based diets, are effective tools for type 2 diabetes prevention and management. Plant-based diets are eating patterns that emphasize legumes, whole grains, vegetables, fruits, nuts, and seeds and discourage most or all animal products. Cohort studies strongly support the role of plant-based diets, and food and nutrient components of plant-based diets, in reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes. Evidence from observational and interventional studies demonstrates the benefits of plant-based diets in treating type 2 diabetes and reducing key diabetes-related macrovascular and microvascular complications. Optimal macronutrient ratios for preventing and treating type 2 diabetes are controversial; the focus should instead be on eating patterns and actual foods. However, the evidence does suggest that the type and source of carbohydrate (unrefined versus refined), fats (monounsaturated and polyunsaturated versus saturated and trans), and protein (plant versus animal) play a major role in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes. Multiple potential mechanisms underlie the benefits of a plant-based diet in ameliorating insulin resistance, including promotion of a healthy body weight, increases in fiber and phytonutrients, food-microbiome interactions, and decreases in saturated fat, advanced glycation endproducts, nitrosamines, and heme iron. FAU - McMacken, Michelle
Glycation, ageing and carnosine: are carnivorous diets beneficial?; Non-enzymic protein glycosylation (glycation) plays important roles in ageing and in diabetes and its secondary complications. Dietary constituents may play important roles in accelerating or suppressing glycation. It is suggested that carnivorous diets contain a potential anti-glycating agent, carnosine (beta-alanyl-histidine), whilst vegetarians may lack intake of the dipeptide. The possible beneficial effects of carnosine and related structures on protein carbonyl stress, AGE formation, secondary diabetic complications and age-related neuropathology are discussed. FAU - Hipkiss, Alan R
Vegetarian diet, change in dietary patterns, and diabetes risk: a prospective study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Vegetarian diets are inversely associated with diabetes in Westerners but their impact on Asians-whose pathophysiology differ from Westerners-is unknown. We aim to investigate the association between a vegetarian diet, change in dietary patterns and diabetes risk in a Taiwanese Buddhist population. METHODS: We prospectively followed 2918 non-smoking, non-alcohol drinking Buddhists free of diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular diseases at baseline, for a median of 5 years, with 183 incident diabetes cases confirmed. Diet was assessed through a validated food frequency questionnaire at baseline and a simple questionnaire during follow-ups. Incident cases of diabetes were ascertained through follow-up questionnaires, fasting glucose and HbA1C. Stratified Cox Proportional Hazards Regression was used to assess the effect of diets on risk of diabetes. RESULTS: Consistent vegetarian diet was associated with 35% lower hazards (HR: 0.65, 95% CI: 0.46, 0.92), while converting from a nonvegetarian to a vegetarian pattern was associated with 53% lower hazards (HR: 0.47, 95% CI: 0.30, 0.71) for diabetes, comparing with nonvegetarians while adjusting for age, gender, education, physical activity, family history of diabetes, follow-up methods, use of lipid-lowering medications, and baseline BMI. CONCLUSION: Vegetarian diet and converting to vegetarian diet may protect against diabetes independent of BMI among Taiwanese. FAU - Chiu, Tina H T
A Plant-Based Dietary Intervention Improves Beta-Cell Function and Insulin Resistance in Overweight Adults: A 16-Week Randomized Clinical Trial. LID - 10.3390/nu10020189 [doi] LID - 189; The aim of this study was to test the effect of a plant-based dietary intervention on beta-cell function in overweight adults with no history of diabetes. Participants (n = 75) were randomized to follow a low-fat plant-based diet (n = 38) or to make no diet changes (n = 37) for 16 weeks. At baseline and 16 weeks, beta-cell function was quantified with a mathematical model. Using a standard meal test, insulin secretory rate was calculated by C-peptide deconvolution. The Homeostasis Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) index was used to assess insulin resistance while fasting. A marked increase in meal-stimulated insulin secretion was observed in the intervention group compared with controls (interaction between group and time, Gxt, p < 0.001). HOMA-IR index fell significantly (p < 0.001) in the intervention group (treatment effect -1.0 (95% CI, -1.2 to -0.8); Gxt, p = 0.004). Changes in HOMA-IR correlated positively with changes in body mass index (BMI) and visceral fat volume (r = 0.34; p = 0.009 and r = 0.42; p = 0.001, respectively). The latter remained significant after adjustment for changes in BMI (r = 0.41; p = 0.002). Changes in glucose-induced insulin secretion correlated negatively with BMI changes (r = -0.25; p = 0.04), but not with changes in visceral fat. Beta-cell function and insulin sensitivity were significantly improved through a low-fat plant-based diet in overweight adults. FAU - Kahleova, Hana
Diet therapy in the U.S. in the past 200 years. A Bicentennial study.; Although diet therapy is a concept of the twentieth century, its foundations were laid by such men as Sanctorius in the sixteenth century, Lavoisier in the eighteenth century, and Beaumont in the nineteenth century, whose detailed notes reflected amazingly accurate observations. With the advent of scientific medicine, research provided the knowledge on which diet therapy was built. Data on food composition, which began to be available around the turn of the century, was important to the therapeutic dietitian, and, at mid-century, formed the basis for the development of the first Exchange Lists (only revised this year). Diets early in the century involved rigid routines, in contrast with the trend today to consider the individual. World War I marked the emergence of the trained dietitian and changes in diet therapy, as knowledge of the biologic sciences and the practice of medium expanded. Research on metabolism led to control of hemoglobin and the red cell anemias, while growing knowledge of the role of pancreatic secretions in metabolism made near-normal lives possible for those with diabetes. The dietitian today finds herself in the position of interpreter of scientific findings, developing meal patterns which not only correct poor food habits but are acceptable to patients. More recently, she has been concerned with problems in modification of fat intake in the interest of possible prevention of cardiovascular disease. Obesity and its prevention remain problems. The practice of diet therapy is subject to vogues, as is science, but the challenge to the dietitian remains: that of serving each patient through the best possible use of her education, skill, and sensitivity. FAU - Ohlson, M A
Vegetarian diets and cardiovascular risk factors in black members of the Adventist Health Study-2.; OBJECTIVE: To compare cardiovascular risk factors between vegetarians and non-vegetarians in black individuals living in the USA. DESIGN: A cross-sectional analysis of a sub-set of 592 black women and men enrolled in the Adventist Health Study-2 (AHS-2) cohort of Seventh-day Adventists. SETTING: Members of the AHS-2 cohort, who lived in all states of the USA and provinces of Canada. SUBJECTS: Black/African-American members of two sub-studies of AHS-2 where blood and physiological measurements were obtained. RESULTS: Of these women and men, 25% were either vegan or lacto-ovo-vegetarians (labelled 'vegetarian/vegans'), 13% were pesco-vegetarian and 62% were non-vegetarian. Compared with non-vegetarians, the vegetarian/vegans had odds ratios for hypertension, diabetes, high blood total cholesterol and high blood LDL-cholesterol of 0·56 (95% CI 0·36, 0·87), 0·48 (95% CI 0·24, 0·98), 0·42 (95% CI 0·27, 0·65) and 0·54 (95% CI 0·33, 0·89), respectively, when adjusted for age, gender, education, physical activity and sub-study. Corresponding odds ratios for obesity in vegetarian/vegans and pesco-vegetarians, compared with non-vegetarians, were 0·43 (95% CI 0·28, 0·67) and 0·47 (95% CI 0·27, 0·81), respectively; and for abdominal obesity 0·54 (95% CI 0·36, 0·82) and 0·50 (95% CI 0·29, 0·84), respectively. Results for pesco-vegetarians did not differ significantly from those of non-vegetarians for other variables. Further adjustment for BMI suggested that BMI acts as an intermediary variable between diet and both hypertension and diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: As with non-blacks, these results suggest that there are sizeable advantages to a vegetarian diet in black individuals also, although a cross-sectional analysis cannot conclusively establish cause. FAU - Fraser, Gary
Intestinal bitter taste receptor activation alters hormone secretion and imparts metabolic benefits.; OBJECTIVES: Extracts of the hops plant have been shown to reduce weight and insulin resistance in rodents and humans, but elucidation of the mechanisms responsible for these benefits has been hindered by the use of heterogeneous hops-derived mixtures. Because hop extracts are used as flavoring agents for their bitter properties, we hypothesized that bitter taste receptors (Tas2rs) could be mediating their beneficial effects in metabolic disease. Studies have shown that exposure of cultured enteroendocrine cells to bitter tastants can stimulate release of hormones, including glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1). These findings have led to the suggestion that activation of Tas2rs may be of benefit in diabetes, but this tenet has not been tested. Here, we have assessed the ability of a pure derivative of a hops isohumulone with anti-diabetic properties, KDT501, to signal through Tas2rs. We have further used this compound as a tool to systematically assess the impact of bitter taste receptor activation in obesity-diabetes. METHODS: KDT501 was tested in a panel of bitter taste receptor signaling assays. Diet-induced obese mice (DIO) were dosed orally with KDT501 and acute effects on glucose homeostasis determined. A wide range of metabolic parameters were evaluated in DIO mice chronically treated with KDT501 to establish the full impact of activating gut bitter taste signaling. RESULTS: We show that KDT501 signals through Tas2r108, one of 35 mouse Tas2rs. In DIO mice, acute treatment stimulated GLP-1 secretion and enhanced glucose tolerance. Chronic treatment caused weight and fat mass loss, increased energy expenditure, enhanced glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity, normalized plasma lipids, and induced broad suppression of inflammatory markers. Chronic KDT501 treatment altered enteroendocrine hormone levels and bile acid homeostasis and stimulated sustained GLP-1 release. Combined treatment with a dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitor amplified the incretin-based benefits of this pure isohumulone. CONCLUSIONS: Activation of Tas2r108 in the gut results in a remodeling of enteroendocrine hormone release and bile acid metabolism that ameliorates multiple features of metabolic syndrome. Targeting extraoral bitter taste receptors may be useful in metabolic disease.
High-risk subjects for vitamin deficiency.; Chronic deficiency of various vitamins can influence the occurrence of some chronic degenerative diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular pathology, cataract, arthritis, disorders of the nervous system and photosensitivity. Similarly, vitamin intake can influence various disorders in infants and elderly people, in burns and in subjects following unbalanced diets or undergoing strenuous physical exercise. Among vitamins, beta-carotene, vitamin E and vitamin C have received most attention, particularly in the prevention of oxidative damage from free radicals. It is supposed that each vitamin plays a different role in the pathogenesis of various diseases, depending on the type of damage relevant to a specific disease. Results from different studies are still far from conclusive and the effects on longevity are not well defined. In industrialized countries, vitamin deficiencies seem to be related only to specific and clearly identifiable groups in the population: therefore, at the moment, it seems more advisable to target vitamin supplementation at risk groups. FAU - Filiberti, R
The contribution of vegetarian diets to human health.; Our knowledge is far from complete regarding the relationship between vegetarian diets and human health. However, scientific advances in the last decades have considerably changed the role that vegetarian diets may play in human nutrition. Components of a healthy vegetarian diet include a variety of vegetables, fruits, whole grain cereals, legumes and nuts. Numerous studies show important and quantifiable benefits of the different components of vegetarian diets, namely the reduction of risk for many chronic diseases and the increase in longevity. Such evidence is derived from the study of vegetarians as well as other populations. While meat intake has been related to increased risk for a variety of chronic diseases, an abundant consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals, nuts, and legumes all have been independently related with a lower risk for several chronic degenerative diseases, such as ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity, and many cancers. Hence, whole foods of plant origin seem to be beneficial on their own merit for chronic disease prevention. This is possibly more certain than the detrimental effects of meats. Vegetarian diets, as any other diet pattern, have potential health risks, namely marginal intake of essential nutrients. However, from the public health viewpoint the health benefits of a well-planned vegetarian diet far outweigh the potential risks. FAU - Sabaté, Joan
Selected biomarkers of age-related diseases in older subjects with different nutrition.; BACKGROUND: The nutritionists introduce on the base of epidemiological and clinical studies that appropriately planned vegetarian diets are healthful, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. Aging belongs to the main risks of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: Markers of age-related diseases (cardiovascular, metabolic syndrome, diabetes) were assessed in two nutritional groups of older apparently healthy non-obese non-smoking women aged 60-70 years, 45 vegetarians (lacto-ovo-vegetarians and semi-vegetarians) and 38 non-vegetarians (control group on a traditional mixed diet, general population). RESULTS: Vegetarian values of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triacylglycerols, C-reactive protein, glucose, insulin and insulin resistance are significantly reduced. Non-vegetarian average values of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol and C-reactive protein are risk. Vegetarians have a better antioxidative status (significantly increased vitamin C, lipid-standardized vitamine E and beta-carotene plasma concentrations). CONCLUSION: Favourable values of cardiovascular risk markers in older vegetarian women document a beneficial effect of vegetarian nutrition in prevention of this disease as well as the vegetarian diet can be an additional factor in therapy. Vegetarians suffer from mild hyperhomocysteinemia; it is due to the lower vitamin B12 concentration. Vitamin B12 supplements are inevitable for the hyperhomocysteinemia prevention (Tab. 2, Ref. 26). FAU - Krajcovicova-Kudlackova, M
Nuts and Dried Fruits: An Update of Their Beneficial Effects on Type 2 Diabetes. LID - 10.3390/nu9070673 [doi] LID - 673; Nuts and dried fruit are essential foods in the Mediterranean diet. Their frequent consumption has been associated with the prevention and/or the management of such metabolic conditions as type 2 diabetes (T2D), metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Several previous reviews of epidemiological studies and clinical trials have evaluated the associations of nuts and/or dried fruit with various metabolic disorders. However, no reviews have focused on the mechanisms underlying the role of nuts and/or dried fruit in insulin resistance and T2D. This review aims to report nut and dried-fruit nutritional interventions in animals and humans, and to focus on mechanisms that could play a significant role in the prevention and treatment of insulin resistance and T2D. FAU - Hernández-Alonso, Pablo
Measurement of 40k as an indicator of body potassium: implication for diabetes and other disease conditions.; Potassium (K) content in 408 male workers of a rare earths processing plant was estimated using a shadow shield whole body counter. The average K content in the non-vegetarian and vegetarian group was found to be 1.5 g kg(-1) and 2.1 g kg(-1) respectively. The absorbed dose due to 40K is determined as 0.18 +/- 0.02 mGy. While the K content was found to be proportional to body build index, it is inversely proportional to slenderness. Body K was maximum in the middle aged group (35-45 y) and a minimum in younger and older persons. The correlation of potassium content with some disease patterns was also studied. Diabetes mellitus patients were observed to have low K content of 0.9 +/- 0.2 g kg(-1) and those who suffer from cardiovascular disorders were found to have high K content 2.7 +/- 0.3 g kg(-1). The studies showed that the depletion of body K content takes place a few years prior to the clinical detection of diabetes and it builds up a few years before the clinical detection of cardiovascular disorders. It is stressed that the medical information is preliminary as the number of subjects studied was not very large. Wider and in depth study by various groups can hopefully strengthen the observation. FAU - Maniyan, C G
The prevalence and risk factors for gallstone disease in taiwanese vegetarians.; INTRODUCTION: Gallstone disease (GSD) and its complications are major public health issues globally. Although many community-based studies had addressed the risk factors for GSD, little is known about GSD prevalence and risk factors among Taiwanese vegetarians. METHODS: This study included 1721 vegetarians who completed a questionnaire detailing their demographics, medical history, and life-styles. GSD was ascertained by ultrasonography or surgical history of cholecystectomy for GSD. The predictive probability of GSD for male and female vegetarians was estimated from the fitted model. RESULTS: The prevalence of GSD was 8.2% for both male and female vegetarians. The risk of GSD is similar in men and women across all age groups, and increases steadily with increasing age. For male vegetarians, age (OR: 1.04; 95% CI: 1.00-1.08) and serum total bilirubin level (OR: 2.35; 95% CI: 1.31-4.22) predict risk for GSD. For female vegetarians, age (OR: 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01-1.05), BMI (OR: 1.07; 95% CI: 1.01-1.13), and alcohol consumption (OR: 7.85; 95% CI: 1.83-33.73) are associated with GSD. GSD is not associated with type of vegetarian diet, duration of vegetarianism, low education level, physical inactivity, diabetes, coronary artery disease, cerebral vascular accident, chronic renal failure, hepatitis C virus infection, and lipid abnormalities. GSD is also not associated with age at menarche, postmenopausal status, and multiparity in female vegetarians. CONCLUSIONS: Risk factors useful for predicting GSD in vegetarians are (1) age and total bilirubin level in men, and (2) age, BMI, and alcohol consumption in women. Many previously identified risk factors for general population does not seem to apply to Taiwanese vegetarians. FAU - Chen, Yen-Chun
Vegetarian diets: what do we know of their effects on common chronic diseases?; A number of studies have evaluated the health of vegetarians. Others have studied the health effects of foods that are preferred or avoided by vegetarians. The purpose of this review is to look critically at the evidence on the health effects of vegetarian diets and to seek possible explanations where results appear to conflict. There is convincing evidence that vegetarians have lower rates of coronary heart disease, largely explained by low LDL cholesterol, probable lower rates of hypertension and diabetes mellitus, and lower prevalence of obesity. Overall, their cancer rates appear to be moderately lower than others living in the same communities, and life expectancy appears to be greater. However, results for specific cancers are much less convincing and require more study. There is evidence that risk of colorectal cancer is lower in vegetarians and in those who eat less meat; however, results from British vegetarians presently disagree, and this needs explanation. It is probable that using the label "vegetarian" as a dietary category is too broad and that our understanding will be served well by dividing vegetarians into more descriptive subtypes. Although vegetarian diets are healthful and are associated with lower risk of several chronic diseases, different types of vegetarians may not experience the same effects on health. FAU - Fraser, Gary E
Metabolites of Glutamate Metabolism Are Associated With Incident Cardiovascular Events in the PREDIMED PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) Trial. LID - 10.1161/JAHA.116.003755 [doi] LID - e003755; BACKGROUND: Glutamate metabolism may play a role in the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic disorders. However, there is limited evidence of an association between glutamate-related metabolites and, moreover, changes in these metabolites, and risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS AND RESULTS: Plasma levels of glutamate and glutamine were measured at baseline and 1-year follow-up in a case-cohort study including 980 participants (mean age 68 years; 46% male) from the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) randomized trial, which assessed a Mediterranean diet intervention in the primary prevention of CVD. During median 4.8 years of follow-up, there were 229 incident CVD events (nonfatal stroke, nonfatal myocardial infarction, or CVD death). In fully adjusted models, per 1-SD, baseline glutamate was associated with 43% (95% CI: 16% to 76%) and 81% (39% to 137%) increased risk of composite CVD and stroke alone, respectively, and baseline glutamine-to-glutamate ratio with 25% (6% to 40%) and 44% (25% to 58%) decreased risk of composite CVD and stroke alone, respectively. Associations appeared linear for stroke (both Plinear trend≤0.005). Among participants with high baseline glutamate, the interventions lowered CVD risk by 37% compared to the control diet; the intervention effects were not significant when baseline glutamate was low (Pinteraction=0.02). No significant effect of the intervention on year-1 changes in metabolites was observed, and no effect of changes themselves on CVD risk was apparent. CONCLUSIONS: Baseline glutamate was associated with increased CVD risk, particularly stroke, and glutamine-to-glutamate ratio was associated with decreased risk. Participants with high glutamate levels may obtain greater benefits from the Mediterranean diet than those with low levels. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: www.controlled-trials.com. Unique identifier: ISRCTN 35739639.
Implication of corticotropic hormone axis in eating behaviour pattern in obese and type 2 diabetic participants.; In Algeria, eating behaviour has been increasingly deviated from its traditional Mediterranean diet to modern fast food style. The present study examines the interactions between eating behaviour pattern (EBP), corticotropic hormone axis and the metabolic syndrome. Our Algerian population cohort comprised of 410 participants (130 obese, 170 type 2 diabetics and 110 healthy participants). The EBP was evaluated by the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire test. The anthropometric and metabolic parameters (glucose, TAG, HDL, LDL and cholesterol) and the concentrations of hormones (insulin, adrenocorticotropin hormone (ACTH), cortisol and growth hormone) were determined by biometrics, spectrophotometry and RIA, respectively. Multivariate analyses showed a high correlation between the EBP and the metabolic syndrome, particularly between insulin-resistant state and hypertrophy of visceral adipose tissue. Compared with healthy participants, obese ones showed the hyperphagic type of EBP, i.e. disinhibition and hunger disorders. Conversely, the diabetics showed both the hypophagic and hyperphagic type of EBP. In diabetic and obese participants, cortisol and ACTH secretions were significantly altered, leading to metabolic disorders. The present study confirms the role of EBP in obesity and diabetes. FAU - Benbaibeche, Hassiba
Metabolic syndrome a widespread threatening condition; risk factors, diagnostic criteria, therapeutic options, prevention and controversies: an overview.; Metabolic syndrome diagnostic criteria include at least three of five of the following medical conditions: abdominal obesity, high blood pressure, abnormal high fasting plasma glucose, elevated serum triglycerides and low HDL (high-density cholesterol) level. Sedentary, overweight and obesity are characteristically associated with the syndrome, nevertheless there are new studies which indicate that chronic stress, through deregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis is also involved in the development of the syndrome. Metabolic syndrome represents a significant risk for the development of the cardiovascular diseases. New studies in the USA have estimated its prevalence at approximately 34% of the adult population and its prevalence is increasing with age. Diagnosis guidelines are establishing the metabolic syndrome diagnostic when are met three of the following five conditions: fasting glucose > or = 100 mg/dL or type 2 diabetes receiving drug therapy for hyperglycemia; high blood pressure > or = 130/85 mm Hg or high blood pressure receiving drug therapy; triglycerides > or =150 mg/dL or treatment for plasma hyper-triglyceride value; HDL-C < 40 mg/dL in men and < 50 mg/dL in women or if under therapy for reduced HDL-C levels and waist circumference of > or = 102 cm in men and > or = 88 cm in women. Besides important change of lifestyle, often drug therapy is needed (diuretics and ACE inhibitors, cholesterol drugs and weight loss medications). The value of physical activity and diet in prevention and treatment of the syndrome is supported by numerous studies. Association of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk is still a matter of controversy, in what concerns the lack of significant cardiovascular risk in the case of obesity itself without metabolic syndrome. FAU - Amihăesei, Ioana Cristina
Anti-diabetic and anti-hypertensive potential of sprouted and solid-state bioprocessed soybean.; Long-term type 2 diabetes can lead to numerous biological complications, such as hypertension and cardio-vascular disease. Key enzymes involved in the enzymatic breakdown of complex carbohydrates,pancreatic alpha-amylase and intestinal alpha-glucosidase, have been targeted as potential avenues for modulation of type 2 diabetes-associated post-prandial hyperglycemia through mild inhibition of their enzymatic activities so as to decrease meal-derived glucose absorption. Further, inhibition of hypertension-linked angiotensin I-converting enzyme (ACE) was targeted as a potential approach for modulation of diabetes-linked hypertension. Water-soluble extracts of soybean optimized for phenolic content via sprouting or bioprocessing by dietary fungus (Rhizopus oligosporus, Lentinus edodes) were investigated for inhibitory activity against porcine pancreatic alpha-amylase (PPA), yeast alpha-glucosidase, and rabbit lung ACE in vitro. PPA was allowed to react with each phenolic-optimized extract and the derivatized enzyme-phytochemical mixtures obtained were characterized for residual amylase activity. Alpha-glucosidase and ACE activities were determined in the presence of each phenolic-optimized extract. All of the soybean extracts possessed marked anti-amylase activity, with extracts of R. oligosporus-bioprocessed soybean having the strongest inhibitory activity, but only slight anti-glucosidase activity. The anti-amylase activity of each extract seemed associated with extract antioxidant activity. Anti-enzyme activity was slightly associated with total soluble phenolic content per se, but seemed more associated to the length of sprouting or bioprocessing of the soybean substrate. Short-term sprouting or bioprocessing seemed to improve anti-amylase activity, while long-term sprouting or bioprocessing seemed to aid anti-glucosidase activity. While ACE activity was strongly inhibited by all of the soybean extracts (44-97%), only sprouting was found to increase this inhibition and bioprocessing of soybean with L. edodes decreased inhibitory activity of soybean extract. The results suggest that sprouting and dietary fungal bioprocessing of soybean improve the anti-diabetic potential of soybean extracts, potentially through modulation of the phenolic profile of the extract, and further suggest that enzyme inhibitory activity may be linked to phenolic antioxidant mobilization during spouting and/ or bioprocessing. The significance of food-grade, plant-based enzyme inhibitors for modulation of carbohydrate breakdown and control of glycemic index of foods in the context of preventing hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus complications such as hypertension in the long-term is hypothesized and discussed. FAU - McCue, Patrick
Testosterone deficiency syndrome: cellular and molecular mechanism of action.; There is virtually no correlation between what are generally accepted to be the symptoms of deficient androgen in men and levels of androgens as measured in the laboratory. Now that androgen deficiency is being shown to play a part in conditions as diverse as metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and coronary heart disease, a hypothesis is needed to explain this apparent discrepancy between measured androgen levels and our understanding of the symptoms of androgen deficiency. When the possible mechanisms for androgen actions are considered, one explanation emerges that androgen may act much like insulin in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus: the degree of androgen resistance may be variable depending on the organs or systems considered. Therefore, the symptoms can result from altered or damaged synthesis of androgen synthesis or regulation, elevated androgen binding, a reduction in tissue response, or decreased as a result of polymorphism and aging. Genomic transcription and translation may also be affected. As with diabetes, in adult male androgen deficiency, it is suggested that the definition of androgen deficiency should be based on individual physiology, with the requirements of the individual at a particular stage of life setting the baseline against which any deficiency of androgens or androgen metabolites, either absolute or relative, is determined. This approach will affect the terminology, etiology, diagnosis, and treatment of androgen deficiency. FAU - Carruthers, Malcolm
Fingernails as biological indices of metal exposure.; Metal determination in human tissues is the most common application of biological monitoring for screening, diagnosis and assessment of metal exposures and their risks. Various biopsy-materials may be used. This paper deals with the quantitative determination of Cd, Pb, Cr, Mn, Fe, Ni, Cu, and Zn concentrations in nails of male subjects exposed to these metals along with their respective controls, while working in locomotive, carriage and road ways workshops, and lead battery factories. The levels of Cd, Pb, Cr, Mn, Fe, Ni, Cu and Zn in fingernails, assayed by atomic absorption spectrophotometry, were compared with their respective controls by student 't' test. All the obtained values were correlated to the personal and medical history of the subjects under study. Significantly high levels of Cd, Pb, Cr, Fe, Ni, Cu and Zn were present in smokers, compared to nonsmokers. The concentrations of Cd, Pb, Cr, Mn and Fe were not significantly high in vegetarian subjects. It was also observed that there is no contribution of liquor towards nail-metal concentration. Significant correlations were observed between skin disease and Cr, Mn, Fe, Cu; hypertension and Cd, Mn, Cu; mental stress and Cd, Pb, Mn, Ni, Cu, Zn; diabetes and Cr, Mn, Ni; chest pain and Pb; respiratory trouble and Cr, Mn, Fe, Ni, Zn; tuberculosis and Zn; acidity and Cd; and ophthalmic problems and Mn, Fe, Ni, and Zn. FAU - Mehra, Rita
The association between a vegetarian diet and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in India: the Indian Migration Study.; BACKGROUND: Studies in the West have shown lower cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among people taking a vegetarian diet, but these findings may be confounded and only a minority selects these diets. We evaluated the association between vegetarian diets (chosen by 35%) and CVD risk factors across four regions of India. METHODS: Study participants included urban migrants, their rural siblings and urban residents, of the Indian Migration Study from Lucknow, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Bangalore (n = 6555, mean age-40.9 yrs). Information on diet (validated interviewer-administered semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire), tobacco, alcohol, physical history, medical history, as well as blood pressure, fasting blood and anthropometric measurements were collected. Vegetarians ate no eggs, fish, poultry or meat. Using robust standard error multivariate linear regression models, we investigated the association of vegetarian diets with blood cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, fasting blood glucose (FBG), systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP). RESULTS: Vegetarians (32.8% of the study population) did not differ from non-vegetarians with respect to age, use of smokeless tobacco, body mass index, and prevalence of diabetes or hypertension. Vegetarians had a higher standard of living and were less likely to smoke, drink alcohol (p<0.0001) and were less physically active (p = 0.04). In multivariate analysis, vegetarians had lower levels of total cholesterol (β =  -0.1 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.03 to -0.2), p = 0.006), triglycerides (β =  -0.05 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.007 to -0.01), p = 0.02), LDL (β =  -0.06 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.005 to -0.1), p = 0.03) and lower DBP (β =  -0.7 mmHg (95% CI: -1.2 to -0.07), p = 0.02). Vegetarians also had decreases in SBP (β =  -0.9 mmHg (95% CI: -1.9 to 0.08), p = 0.07) and FBG level (β =  -0.07 mmol/L (95% CI: -0.2 to 0.01), p = 0.09) when compared to non-vegetarians. CONCLUSION: We found beneficial association of vegetarian diet with cardiovascular risk factors compared to non-vegetarian diet. FAU - Shridhar, Krithiga
A gluten-free vegan meal for gastric emptying scintigraphy: establishment of reference values and its utilization in the evaluation of diabetic gastroparesis.; PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to describe the preparation of radiolabeled idli (savory cake) meal for use as an alternate to the egg white sandwich (EWS) meal in gastric emptying scintigraphy (GES). Furthermore, the aim of this study was to establish normal emptying rates for this meal and present our experience in using it in the evaluation of diabetic gastroparesis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The meal was prepared using a universally available packaged mix labeled with 1 mCi 99mTc sulfur colloid, and the stability of labeling was tested up to 4 hours in simulated gastric fluid. One hundred thirteen healthy volunteers (aged 20-78 years; 54 women, 59 men) underwent GES study using the idli meal. Gastric retention at one-half, 1, 2, and 4 hours after ingestion of the meal was estimated, and the normal limits were set using the fifth and 95th percentile values at each period. Having established its normal emptying rates, the idli meal was further used to evaluate 70 patients suspected with diabetic gastroparesis. RESULTS: The idli meal, with a calorific value ≈282 kcal, has a relatively higher fat content (8% of total mass) than EWS. More than 96% of 99mTc sulfur colloid remained bound to the meal after 4 hours suspension in simulated gastric fluid. Gastric retention greater than 30% and greater than 6% at 2 hours and 4 hours, respectively, indicated delayed gastric emptying, whereas retention less than 30% at 1 hour suggested rapid emptying. Among patients suspected with diabetic gastroparesis, delayed gastric emptying was identified in 76%, and rapid emptying was seen in 4.2%. CONCLUSIONS: Radiolabeled idli meal is a good alternative to EWS meal for routine GES, especially among patients with specific dietary restrictions. FAU - Somasundaram, Vijay Harish
[Effect of a 10-day animal fat-free diet on cholesterol and glucose serum levels, blood pressure and body weight in 50-year-old volunteers].; The morbidity and mortality of cardiovascular diseases is high in developed countries including Czech Republic. The lifestyle decreases it in 50%. The aim of this work was to ascertain if the short lasting stay without stress and with vegetarian diet (without eggs) and physical activity is able to decrease the main risk factors of cardiovascular diseases. In 106 volunteers, mean age 49.1 (+/- 14.1) years, 83 women and 23 men, the body weight, blood pressure, serum cholesterol and blood glucose (Accutrend GC, Boehringer, Mannheim, BRD) have been measured before and after the stay at the same conditions. Eighty persons were healthy, seven persons with essential hypertension, eight persons with ischemic heart disease, four persons with diabetes mellitus and seven persons with other than cardiovascular diseases. In some persons the lipid spectrum was measured. Cholesterol decreased in blood serum from 4.9 to 4.3 mmol/l (11%--p < 0.01), blood glucose decreased from 4.2 to 3.3 mmol/l (p < 0.05), blood pressure systolic from 121.5 to 117.4 mm Hg (p < 0.01) and diastolic from 76.5 to 73.8 mm Hg (p < 0.05), body weight was not significantly changed. Our results showed, that 10-days lasting stay containing vegetarian diet and physical activity decreased the risk factors of cardiovascular diseases in 50 years-old volunteers. FAU - Slavícek, J
Dietary factors, Mediterranean diet and erectile dysfunction.; INTRODUCTION: Although epidemiological evidence seems to support a role for lifestyle factors in the pathogenesis of erectile dysfunction (ED), limited data are available suggesting that dietary changes may improve ED. AIM: To provide an update on clinical evidence regarding the role of dietary factors in ED. METHODS: A systematic literature search was performed using MEDLINE and other database (EMBASE, SCOPUS) with MeSH terms and keywords for "erectile dysfunction", "diet", "dietary patterns", "Mediterranean diet", and "lifestyle". MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: To examine the data relating to erectile dysfunction with dietary factors, its relationship and the impact of dietary treatment. RESULTS: Only few studies assessed the role or the effect of diet on ED. A dietary pattern which is high in fruit, vegetables, nuts, whole grains, and fish but low in red and processed meat and refined grains is more represented in subjects without ED. Mediterranean diet has been proposed as a healthy dietary pattern based on evidence that greater adherence to this diet is associated with lower all-cause and disease-specific survival. In type 2 diabetic men, those with the highest adherence to the Mediterranean diet had the lowest prevalence of ED and were more likely to be sexually active. In clinical trials, Mediterranean diet was more effective than a control diet in ameliorating ED or restoring absent ED in people with obesity or metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: The adoption of a Mediterranean diet may be associated with an improvement of erectile dysfunction. FAU - Esposito, Katherine
Hyperhomocysteinemia and elevated methylmalonic acid indicate a high prevalence of cobalamin deficiency in Asian Indians.; BACKGROUND: In India, most people adhere to a vegetarian diet, which may lead to cobalamin deficiency. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine indicators of cobalamin status in Asian Indians. DESIGN: The study population included 204 men and women aged 27-55 y from Pune, Maharashtra, India, categorized into 4 groups: patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes, patients with CVD but no diabetes, patients with diabetes but no CVD, and healthy subjects. Data on medical history, lifestyle, and diet were obtained by interviews and questionnaires. Blood samples were collected for measurement of serum or plasma total cobalamin, holotranscobalamin (holoTC), methylmalonic acid (MMA), and total homocysteine (tHcy) and hemetologic indexes. RESULTS: MMA, tHcy, total cobalamin, and holoTC did not differ significantly among the 4 groups; therefore, the data were pooled. Total cobalamin showed a strong inverse correlation with tHcy (r = -0.59) and MMA (r = -0.54). Forty-seven percent of the subjects had cobalamin deficiency (total cobalamin <150 pmol/L), 73% had low holoTC (<35 pmol/L), 77% had hyperhomocysteinemia (tHcy >15 micromol/L), and 73% had elevated serum MMA (>0.26 micromol/L). These indicators of impaired cobalamin status were observed in both vegetarians and nonvegetarians. Folate deficiency was rare and only 2.5% of the subjects were homozygous for the MTHFR 677C-->T polymorphism. CONCLUSIONS: About 75% of the subjects had metabolic signs of cobalamin deficiency, which was only partly explained by the vegetarian diet. If impaired cobalamin status is confirmed in other parts of India, it may have important health implications. FAU - Refsum, H
Would carnosine or a carnivorous diet help suppress aging and associated pathologies?; Carnosine (beta-alanyl-L-histidine) is found exclusively in animal tissues. Carnosine has the potential to suppress many of the biochemical changes (e.g., protein oxidation, glycation, AGE formation, and cross-linking) that accompany aging and associated pathologies. Glycation, generation of advanced glycosylation end-products (AGEs), and formation of protein carbonyl groups play important roles in aging, diabetes, its secondary complications, and neurodegenerative conditions. Due to carnosine's antiglycating activity, reactivity toward deleterious carbonyls, zinc- and copper-chelating activity and low toxicity, carnosine and related structures could be effective against age-related protein carbonyl stress. It is suggested that carnivorous diets could be beneficial because of their carnosine content, as the dipeptide has been shown to suppress some diabetic complications in mice. It is also suggested that carnosine's therapeutic potential should be explored with respect to neurodegeneration. Olfactory tissue is normally enriched in carnosine, but olfactory dysfunction is frequently associated with neurodegeneration. Olfactory administration of carnosine could provide a direct route to compromised tissue, avoiding serum carnosinases. FAU - Hipkiss, Alan R
Vascular dilatory functions of ovo-lactovegetarians compared with omnivores.; Vegetarians have lower blood pressure and lower cardiovascular mortality. Vegetarian diets may have lower cardiovascular risks through positive influence on endothelium-dependent relaxation and related functions. The objectives of this study were to assess the differences of vascular dilatory functions between middle-aged vegetarians and sex and age-matched omnivores before they develop any clinical manifestations of atherosclerosis. Twenty healthy vegetarians over the age of 50 and 20 healthy omnivores over the age of 50 were recruited for this study. Subjects with known risk factors for atherosclerosis such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity, hypercholesteremia, cigarette smoking, family history of vascular diseases, or taking any regular medication were excluded. Medical history, body weight, height, and duration of vegetarian diet were recorded. Baseline CBC, urinalysis and biochemical data such as fasting blood glucose, thyroid function, blood urea nitrogen, creatinine, serum electrolytes (sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium and magnesium), lipid profiles [total cholesterol, triglycerides, high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol] were obtained after a 14 h fast. Blood pressures and heart rate were recorded in supine position. Vascular dilatory functions, both flow-mediated (endothelium-dependent) and nitroglycerin-induced (endothelium-independent), were evaluated by using a non-invasive ultrasonographic method. The results show that there were no significant differences in the baseline characteristic between the vegetarians and the omnivores. There were also no significant differences in serum glucose, lipid profiles and thyroid function between these two groups. However, vasodilatation responses (both flow-mediated and nitroglycerin-induced) were significantly better in the vegetarian group and the degree of vasodilatation appeared to be correlated with years on vegetarian diets. Our findings suggest that vegetarian diets, by themselves, have a direct beneficial effect on vascular endothelial and smooth muscle function and may help to account for the lower incidence of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular mortality. FAU - Lin, C L
Advanced glycation end products and nutrition.; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) may play an important adverse role in process of atherosclerosis, diabetes, aging and chronic renal failure. Levels of N(epsilon)-carboxymethyllysine and fluorescent AGE values were estimated in two nutritional population groups--alternative group (vegetarians--plant food, milk products, eggs) and traditional group (omnivorous subjects). Vegetarians have a significantly higher carboxymethyllysine content in plasma and fluorescent AGE values. Intake of proteins, lysine and monosaccharides as well as culinary treatment, consumption of food AGEs (mainly from technologically processed products) and the routes of Maillard reaction in organism are the substantial sources of plasma AGEs. Vegetarians consume less proteins and saccharides. Lysine intake is significantly reduced (low content in plant proteins). Subjects on alternative nutrition do not use high temperature for culinary treatment and consume low amount of technologically processed food. Fructation induced AGE fluorescence is greater as compared with that induced by glucose. It is due to higher participation of a more reactive acyclic form of fructose. Intake of vegetables and fruit with predominance of fructose is significantly higher in vegetarians. Comparison of nutrition and plasma AGEs in vegetarian and omnivorous groups shows that the higher intake of fructose in alternative nutrition of healthy subjects may cause an increase of AGE levels. FAU - Krajcovicová-Kudlácková, M
Dietary proteins and protein sources and risk of death: the Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies investigating protein intake in relation to mortality have provided conflicting results. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the associations of dietary protein and protein sources with risk of disease death in the prospective, population-based Kuopio Ischaemic Heart Disease Risk Factor Study. METHODS: The study population consisted of 2641 Finnish men, aged 42-60 y at baseline in 1984-1989. We estimated protein intakes with 4-d dietary records at baseline and collected data on disease deaths from the national Causes of Death Register. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to estimate HRs and 95% CIs. RESULTS: During the average follow-up of 22.3 y, we observed 1225 deaths due to disease. Higher intakes of total protein and animal protein had borderline statistically significant associations with increased mortality risk: multivariable-adjusted HR (95% CI) in the highest compared with the lowest quartile for total protein intake = 1.17 (0.99, 1.39; P-trend across quartiles = 0.07) and for animal protein intake = 1.13 (0.95, 1.35; P-trend = 0.04). Higher animal-to-plant protein ratio (extreme-quartile HR = 1.23; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.49; P-trend = 0.01) and higher meat intake (extreme-quartile HR = 1.23; 95% CI: 1.04, 1.47; P-trend = 0.01) were associated with increased mortality. When evaluated based on disease history at baseline, the association of total protein with mortality appeared more evident among those with a history of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or cancer (n = 1094) compared with those without disease history (n = 1547) (P-interaction = 0.05 or 0.07, depending on the model). Intakes of fish, eggs, dairy, or plant protein sources were not associated with mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Higher ratio of animal to plant protein in diet and higher meat intake were associated with increased mortality risk. Higher total protein intake appeared to be associated with mortality mainly among those with a predisposing disease. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03221127.
Complementary feeding: new styles versus old myths.; Early life feeding habits may potentially alter future metabolic programming and body composition. Complementary feeding is the period of time when infants introduce food different from milk in their diet, together with a gradual reduction of the intake of milk (either breast milk or formula), to finally acquire the diet model of their family. This period is important in the transition of the infant from milk feeding to family foods, and is necessary for both nutritional and developmental reasons. The timing for introducing complementary foods and the method of feeding have changed over time. Available literature data show increasing interest and concerns about the impact of complementary feeding timing and modality on the onset of later non-communicable disorders, such as overweight and obesity, allergic diseases, celiac disease, or diabetes. While international scientiﬁc guidelines on complementary feeding have been published, many baby food companies' websites, blogs, and books, in most European countries exist. The aim of this manuscript is to look over current recommendations, and to revise "old myths." The adoption of an adequate weaning method is a cornerstone in the development of life-long health status. A correct strategy could reduce the risk of feeding disorders and other health problems later in life. FAU - Dipasquale, Valeria
Cross-sectional analyses of participation in cancer screening and use of hormone replacement therapy and medications in meat eaters and vegetarians: the EPIC-Oxford study.; OBJECTIVES: To examine differences in health-related behaviours such as screening or testing for cancer, use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) and use of other medications in different diet groups. DESIGN: We studied 31 260 participants across four diet groups (18 155 meat eaters, 5012 fish eaters, 7179 vegetarians, 914 vegans) in the UK EPIC-Oxford cohort. Information was collected in 5-year (around 2000-2003) or 10-year (around 2007) follow-up questionnaires regarding participation in breast screening, cervical screening, prostate-specific antigen (PSA) testing, use of HRT and use of medications for the past 4 weeks. Using Poisson regression, we estimated the prevalence ratios (PR) for each behaviour across people of different diet groups, using meat eaters as the reference group. RESULTS: Compared with meat eaters, vegetarian (PR: 0.94, 95% CI 0.89 to 0.98) and vegan (PR: 0.82, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.95) women reported lower participation in breast screening, and vegetarian men were less likely to report PSA testing (PR: 0.82, 95% CI 0.71 to 0.96). No differences were observed among women for cervical screening. In women, all non-meat-eating groups reported lower use of HRT compared with meat eaters (P heterogeneity <0.0001). Lower reported use of any medication was observed for participants in all non-meat-eating groups with no (P<0.0001) or one (P=0.0002) self-reported illness. No heterogeneity was observed across the diet groups for the reported use of specific medication for high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, asthma, diabetes and thyroid disease. CONCLUSIONS: Differences in self-reported breast screening, PSA testing, HRT use and overall medication use were observed across the diet groups. Whether such differences contribute to differential long-term disease risks requires further study.
Recommendations by health organizations for pulse consumption.; The present paper aims to study why and how health organizations recommend the consumption of pulses such as beans, chickpeas or lentils. Although it is recognized that frequent pulse consumption may reduce serum cholesterol levels and helps reduce risks of coronary heart disease and diabetes, these advantages are scarcely mentioned by health-promoting associations, i.e. vegetarians and organizations helping people to reduce the risks for chronic diseases. Pulses, especially common beans, are rather considered as whole grains that provide plenty of proteins, starch, dietary fibres, minerals and vitamins. Many organizations refer to the food guide pyramid to advise their members, and place beans either in the third part, together with meat, in the second one with fruits and vegetables, or in the bottom part with starchy foods. Whatever their place, they have acquired the status of staple food for anyone who wants to eat a healthy diet. FAU - Leterme, Pascal
Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet exerts favorable effects on metabolic parameters, intima-media thickness, and cardiovascular risks in healthy men.; BACKGROUND: To investigate whether the Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet has protective effects on metabolic and cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: One hundred sixty-nine healthy Chinese lacto-vegetarians and 126 healthy omnivore men aged 21-76 years were enrolled. Anthropometric indexes, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, pancreatic β cell function, and intima-media thickness (IMT) of carotid arteries were assessed and compared. Cardiovascular risk points and probability of developing CVD in 5-10 years in participants aged 24-55 years were calculated. RESULTS: Compared with omnivores, lacto-vegetarians had remarkably lower body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and serum levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, γ-glutamyl transferase, serum creatinine, uric acid, fasting blood glucose, as well as lower total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio. Vegetarians also had higher homeostasis model assessment β cell function and insulin secretion index and thinner carotid IMT than the omnivores did. These results corresponded with lower cardiovascular risk points and probability of developing CVD in 5-10 years in vegetarians 24-55 years old. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy Chinese men, the lacto-vegetarian diet seems to exert protective effects on blood pressure, lipid profiles, and metabolic parameters and results in significantly lower carotid IMT. Lower CVD risks found in vegetarians also reflect the beneficial effect of the Chinese lacto-vegetarian diet. FAU - Yang, Shu-Yu
Copper and zinc level in biological samples from healthy subjects of vegetarian food habit in reference to community environment.; Many epidemiologists have found a correlation between copper and zinc in the community environment and diseases, such as myocardial and vascular pathologies, and diabetes. The purpose of this study was to investigate the total daily intake of these two metals in cooked food, drinking water and air and their respective levels in blood and urine. A chronobiological methodology has been adopted to establish the reference values of these two metals in biological samples. It has been observed that the daily intake of copper is within the recommended value, whereas its urinary excretion is high. The daily intake of zinc is below the recommended value and its urinary excretion is also high. Both the metals showed a temporal oscillation pattern in blood and urine. A possible chronic zinc deficiency has been anticipated in this particular ethnic group of vegetarian food habit. FAU - Bhattacharya, R D
Vegetarian dietary patterns are associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome: the adventist health study 2.; OBJECTIVE: The study objective was to compare dietary patterns in their relationship with metabolic risk factors (MRFs) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of 773 subjects (mean age 60 years) from the Adventist Health Study 2 was performed. Dietary pattern was derived from a food frequency questionnaire and classified as vegetarian (35%), semi-vegetarian (16%), and nonvegetarian (49%). ANCOVA was used to determine associations between dietary pattern and MRFs (HDL, triglycerides, glucose, blood pressure, and waist circumference) while controlling for relevant cofactors. Logistic regression was used in calculating odds ratios (ORs) for MetS. RESULTS: A vegetarian dietary pattern was associated with significantly lower means for all MRFs except HDL (P for trend < 0.001 for those factors) and a lower risk of having MetS (OR 0.44, 95% CI 0.30-0.64, P < 0.001) when compared with a nonvegetarian dietary pattern. CONCLUSIONS: A vegetarian dietary pattern is associated with a more favorable profile of MRFs and a lower risk of MetS. The relationship persists after adjusting for lifestyle and demographic factors. FAU - Rizzo, Nico S
Factor VII and ischaemic heart disease: epidemiological evidence.; High levels of factor VII are associated with an increased risk of death from cardiovascular disease, especially ischaemic heart disease (IHD). Theoretical considerations and experimental evidence, the latter including the results of clinical trials, suggest that the association may be one of cause and effect. The general epidemiology of factor VII also supports this view. Thus, characteristics such as increasing age, diabetes, obesity, the use of oral contraceptives and the occurrence of the menopause are each associated with raised factor VII levels as well as with an increased risk of IHD. Black ethnic group and vegetarianism, both apparently protective against IHD, are associated with low factor VII levels. FAU - Meade, T W
Low levels of osteocalcin and leptin in serum of vegetarian prepubertal children.; BACKGROUND: Scientific literature points to the positive association between vegetarian diet and reduced risk for cardiovascular diseases, some types of cancer and diabetes. On the other hand elimination of animal products from the diet decreases the intake of some essential nutrients which may influence bone metabolism. This is a very important problem especially in childhood and adolescence, when growth and bone turnover are the most intensive. Bone metabolism is regulated by variety factors, which are involved in the bone formation and bone resorption processes. Osteocalcin is one of the markers of bone formation (produced by osteoblast) which plays an important role in the regulation of bone growth. Recent data support the concept that other modulators such as leptin (hormone from adipose tissue) may influence bone formation process. AIM: Our study is designed to investigate serum concentration of osteocalcin and leptin in prepubertal children with two different nutritional habits: vegetarian and omnivorous diet. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We examined 49 healthy children in age 2-10 years, who were divided into vegetarian and omnivores groups. RESULTS: The serum osteocalcin levels in prepubertal children on vegetarian diet was significantly lower than in nonvegetarians (86.7+/-27.4 microg/L versus 100.1+/-16.4 microg/L; p<0.05). Lower level of osteocalcin is accompanied by lower leptin concentration. In children on vegetarian diet mean leptin level was 3.0+/-1.0 microg/L, whereas in omnivorous children it was 5.5+/-2.0 microg/L, (p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Our observation indicates that deficiencies in some of the nutrient components together with reduced serum concentration of leptin may retard relevant bone growth and development in childhood. FAU - Ambroszkiewicz, Jadwiga
No evidence of insulin resistance in normal weight vegetarians. A case control study.; BACKGROUND: Diets rich in carbohydrates with a low glycemic index and with high fiber content are associated with flat post-prandial rises of blood glucose, minimal post-prandial insulin secretion and maintenance of insulin sensitivity. Protective food commodities in the prevention of cardiovascular disease, insulin resistance syndrome or diabetes are crucial components of the vegetarian diet. AIM OF THE STUDY: Insulin resistance values were assessed in relation to different nutrition. Metabolic abnormality is a predictor of age-related diseases and can be more pronounced in obese subjects. Insulin resistance values in normal weight subjects of two different nutritional habits were correlated with age. METHODS: Fasting concentrations of glucose and insulin as well as calculated values of insulin resistance IR (HOMA) were assessed in two nutritional groups of apparently healthy adult subjects (age range 19 - 64 years) with normal weight (body mass index 18.6 - 25.0 kg/m(2)): a vegetarian group (95 long-term lacto-ovo-vegetarians; duration of vegetarianism 10.2 +/- 0.5 years) and a non-vegetarian control group (107 subjects of general population on traditional western diet). Intake of energy and main nutrients (fats, saccharides, proteins) was similar in both groups. RESULTS: Glucose and insulin concentrations and IR (HOMA) values were significantly lower in vegetarians (glucose 4.47 +/- 0.05 vs. 4.71 +/- 0.07 mmol/l; insulin 4.96 +/- 0.23 vs. 7.32 +/- 0.41 mU/l; IR (HOMA) 0.99 +/- 0.05 vs. 1.59 +/- 0.10). IR (HOMA) dependence on age was only significant in subjects on a western diet. A significant increase of IR was found already in the age range 31-40 years, compared to vegetarians and it continued in later age decades. Age independent and low insulin resistance values in vegetarians are a consequence of an effective diet prevention by long-term frequent consumption of protective food. Vegetarians had a significantly higher consumption of whole grain products, pulses, products from oat and barley. CONCLUSION: The results of age independent and low values of insulin resistance document a beneficial effect of long-term vegetarian nutrition in prevention of metabolic syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. FAU - Valachovicová, Martina
Vegetarian diets and glycemic control in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Previous studies have suggested an association between vegetarian diets and improvements in glycemic control in diabetes, although this relationship is not well established. No meta-analysis of these studies has been performed. METHODS: To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials examining the association between vegetarian diets and glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. DATA SOURCE: The electronic databases Medline, Web of Science, Excerpta Medica Database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched for articles published in any language through December 9, 2013. STUDY SELECTION: The following criteria were used for study inclusion: (I) age of participants >20 years; (II) vegetarian diet as intervention; (III) mean difference in hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and/or fasting blood glucose levels used as outcomes; and (IV) controlled trials, duration ≥4 weeks. Exclusion criteria were: (I) not an original investigation; (II) duplicate samples; (III) diabetes other than type 2; (IV) multiple interventions; and (V) uncontrolled studies. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The data collected included study design, baseline population characteristics, dietary data, and outcomes. Data were pooled using a random-effects model. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Differences in HbA1c and fasting blood glucose levels associated with vegetarian diets were assessed. RESULTS: Of 477 studies identified, six met the inclusion criteria (n=255, mean age 42.5 years). Consumption of vegetarian diets was associated with a significant reduction in HbA1c [-0.39 percentage point; 95% confidence interval (CI), -0.62 to -0.15; P=0.001; I(2)=3.0; P for heterogeneity =0.389], and a non-significant reduction in fasting blood glucose concentration (-0.36 mmol/L; 95% CI, -1.04 to 0.32; P=0.301; I(2)=0; P for heterogeneity =0.710), compared with consumption of comparator diets. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of vegetarian diets is associated with improved glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. PROSPERO registration number is CRD42013004370. FAU - Yokoyama, Yoko
Creatine is a scavenger for methylglyoxal under physiological conditions via formation of N-(4-methyl-5-oxo-1-imidazolin-2-yl)sarcosine (MG-HCr).; Following incubation of methylglyoxal and creatine under physiological conditions, N-(4-methyl-5-oxo-1-imidazolin-2-yl)sarcosine (MG-HCr) was isolated and identified by NMR and mass spectrometry. Due to its rapid formation, MG-HCr represents a specific product following "scavenging" of methylglyoxal by creatine. Using hydrophilic interaction chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry, MG-HCr was analyzed in urine samples of healthy volunteers. Daily MG-HCr excretion of nonvegetarians ranged from 0.35 to 3.84 μmol/24 h urine (median: 0.90 μmol/24 h urine) and of vegetarians from 0.11 to 0.31 μmol/24 h urine (median: 0.19 μmol/24 h urine), indicating that formation of MG-HCr in vivo is influenced by the dietary intake of creatine. The trapping of methylglyoxal by creatine may delay the formation of advanced glycation compounds in vivo and, therefore, could be of special importance in situations in which the body has to deal with pathophysiologically increased amounts of dicarbonyl compounds ("carbonyl stress"), for instance in diabetic patients. FAU - Löbner, Jürgen
Hepatic monitoring of essential amino acid availability may regulate IGF-I activity, thermogenesis, and fatty acid oxidation/synthesis.; Diets that are low in certain essential amino acids (EAAs), whether owing to low protein content or poor protein quality, tend to down-regulate systemic IGF-I activity, boost thermogenesis, and suppress hepatic capacity for lipogenesis, while promoting hepatic fatty acid oxidation. It is proposed that for each EAA there is a regulatory protein in hepatocytes whose activity is repressed by adequate levels of its EAA; if one (or more) of these regulatory proteins is active, it serves as a signal of EAA deficiency which then mediates the aforementioned effects on IGF-I activity, thermogenesis, and hepatic fatty acid metabolism. Mechanisms which monitor EAA availability likewise play a role in appetite regulation, thus accounting for the fact that spontaneous calorie consumption tends to be lower on high-protein diets. Diets low in protein quantity or quality may decrease insulin secretion, an effect which should contribute to their impact on IGF-I activity and lipid metabolism. The fact that vegans ingest diets that tend to be relatively low in certain EAAs may play a key role in their characteristic leanness and their decreased risk for diabetes, coronary disease, and cancer. FAU - McCarty, M F
The gut microbiota at the intersection of diet and human health.; Diet affects multiple facets of human health and is inextricably linked to chronic metabolic conditions such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Dietary nutrients are essential not only for human health but also for the health and survival of the trillions of microbes that reside within the human intestines. Diet is a key component of the relationship between humans and their microbial residents; gut microbes use ingested nutrients for fundamental biological processes, and the metabolic outputs of those processes may have important impacts on human physiology. Studies in humans and animal models are beginning to unravel the underpinnings of this relationship, and increasing evidence suggests that it may underlie some of the broader effects of diet on human health and disease.
Lacto-Vegetarian Diet and Correlation of Fasting Blood Sugar with Lipids in Population Practicing Sedentary Lifestyle.; Rising burden of diabetes in India requires quick intervention that integrates policies and programs for effective prevention and control of disease. This retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted to observe effect of diet in two Indian communities practicing sedentary lifestyle. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for blood sugar, glycated-hemoglobin (HbA1C), and lipid profile. Body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) measurements were recorded. Diabetes incidence was lower in lacto-vegetarian (1.7%) than in non-vegetarian group (5.3%) despite similar lipid profiles and BMI/WC between the groups. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) was positively correlated with LDL and VLDL levels and negatively correlated with HDL, only in lacto-vegetarian group. Study suggests: (1) Indian lacto-vegetarian diet has beneficial effects on diabetes incidence irrespective of high body weight and sedentary lifestyle; (2) intervention to reduce body lipids, such as lipid-lowering drugs and exercise, may have greater effect in reducing FBS levels in this lacto-vegetarian group. FAU - Praharaj, Ardhendu Bhusan
Diet and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: The Mediterranean Way. LID - 10.3390/ijerph16173011 [doi] LID - 3011; Lifestyle interventions remain the first-line treatment for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), even if the optimal alimentary regimen is still controversial. The interest in antioxidants has increased over time, and literature reports an inverse association between nutrients rich in antioxidants and the risk of mortality due to non-communicable diseases, including NAFLD. Mediterranean diet (MD) is a model characterized by main consumption of plant-based foods and fish and reduced consumption of meat and dairy products. MD represents the gold standard in preventive medicine, probably due to the harmonic combination of many foods with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. This regimen contributes substantially to the reduction of the onset of many chronic diseases as cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, cancer, and NAFLD. The present review aims to clarify the intake of antioxidants typical of the MD and evaluate their effect on NAFLD. FAU - Abenavoli, Ludovico
Impact of Natural and Artificial Sweeteners Compounds in the Sensory Profile and Preference Drivers Applied to Traditional, Lactose-Free, and Vegan Frozen Desserts of Chocolate Flavor.; The study developed traditional and light chocolate-flavor frozen dessert formulations, aimed at the general public, lactose intolerants, and vegans, and evaluated influences on quantitative sensory profiles and consumer acceptance with the replacement of sucrose by sweeteners in low-calorie versions. Twelve samples with different matrices were studied, sweetened with sucrose, sucralose, and stevia. The ideal concentration of sucrose (9%: dairy samples and 15%: vegan samples) was determined by the JAR scale. The sweetness equivalence was determined by the magnitude estimation method. The physical-chemical parameters were evaluated: pH, overrun, melting, and texture. The sensory profile evaluated through Quantitative Descriptive Analysis (QDA). The QDA data were correlated with acceptance data by partial least squares regression (PLS). The results showed that the substitution of traditional milk by lactose-free milk in the formulation did not change the characteristics of the chocolate ice cream. The use of sweeteners presented differences for milk flavor, bitter taste, bitter residual, and melting. The use of stevia extract was characterized by the presence of bitter taste, residual sweet and bitter that inhibited the perception of milk flavor, but not directly impacting the acceptance by consumers. The sucralose presented a profile closer to the sucrose, presenting lower intensity for the undesirable attributes such as bitter taste and residual bitter. There was no significant difference in the use of soy or rice protein in vegan versions, however, the use of sweeteners and body agents negatively impacted consumers' acceptance by attenuating the flavor of vegetable protein and raising gummy coating during the melting. PRACTICAL APPLICATION: This study shows the development and sensory profile of frozen chocolate desserts. Traditional and modified samples have also been produced for consumers with dietary restrictions such as vegans, vegetarians, lactose intolerants, and diabetics. Throughout the sensory and statistical analysis, it was identified how to replace sucrose by the natural glycoside sweetener of steviol, as well as the impact on the sensory profile and the acceptance of the different formulations. The results found may provide important information for researchers in food industries who need to produce frozen chocolate desserts for vegans, vegetarians, lactose intolerant, and diabetic consumers. Stevia and sucralose were good substitutes for sucrose in the formulation of frozen desserts without lactose, but not in vegan versions (with rice and soy protein).
Portfolio Dietary Pattern and Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND: The evidence for the Portfolio dietary pattern, a plant-based dietary pattern that combines recognized cholesterol-lowering foods (nuts, plant protein, viscous fibre, plant sterols), has not been summarized. OBJECTIVE: To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of controlled trials using GRADE of the effect of the Portfolio dietary pattern on the primary therapeutic lipid target for cardiovascular disease prevention, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and other established cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and The Cochrane Library through April 19, 2018. We included controlled trials ≥ 3-weeks assessing the effect of the Portfolio dietary pattern on cardiometabolic risk factors compared with an energy-matched control diet free of Portfolio dietary pattern components. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. The primary outcome was LDL-C. Data were pooled using the generic inverse-variance method and expressed as mean differences (MDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q statistic) and quantified (I(2)-statistic). GRADE assessed the certainty of the evidence. RESULTS: Eligibility criteria were met by 7 trial comparisons in 439 participants with hyperlipidemia, in which the Portfolio dietary pattern was given on a background of a National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Step II diet. The combination of a portfolio dietary pattern and NCEP Step II diet significantly reduced the primary outcome LDL-C by ~17% (MD, -0.73 mmol/L, [95% CI, -0.89 to -0.56 mmol/L]) as well as non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, C-reactive protein, and estimated 10-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk, compared with an NCEP Step 2 diet alone (p < 0.05). There was no effect on high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or body weight. The certainty of the evidence was high for LDL-cholesterol and most lipid outcomes and moderate for all others outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Current evidence demonstrates that the Portfolio dietary pattern leads to clinically meaningful improvements in LDL-C as well as other established cardiometabolic risk factors and estimated 10-year CHD risk.
Identification of risk groups for intake of food chemicals.; This paper summarizes by four recent examples the procedure of the characterization of groups at risk for ingestion of food chemicals and its limitations. The examples concern two food additives (sulfites and aspartame), one nutrient (calcium), and one food contaminant (patuline). On the one hand, results show that the empirical description of a group at risk is nowadays the best way to provide to risk managers information useful for consumer protection. On the other hand, these examples show that in any case if risk 0 does not exist, it is impossible to completely avoid any group at risk. The responsibility of risk managers is to decide what is the minimum size of the population to protect as a function of the risk and of the cost of the protection. FAU - Verger, P
A study on Asian Indian and American vegetarians: indications of a racial predisposition to glucose intolerance.; Sixty-two Asian Indian and American vegetarians participated in a 3-h glucose tolerance test after an overnight fast to study clinical indices of glucose homeostasis. The Asian Indians had a higher (p less than 0.0035) insulinogenic score than the Americans. The Asian Indians had significantly higher insulin levels than the Americans at every sampling time during the glucose tolerance test except for the 3-h sample. The Indian men had significantly higher (p less than 0.05) plasma glucose than the other three groups at 2 h after the glucose load. American subjects had higher (p less than 0.0008) insulin binding to erythrocytes than the Asian Indian subjects. Scatchard analysis and competition-inhibition plots of the insulin-receptor data indicated that decreased binding in the Indian group results from a lowered number and decreased affinity of erythrocyte receptors. These results suggest that Asian Indians exhibit several clinical indications associated with an increased risk for the development of insulin-independent diabetes. FAU - Scholfield, D J
Effects of a low-phosphorus, low-protein diet supplemented with essential amino acids and keto analogues on 'overt' diabetic nephropathy.; In this paper we studied the effects of a low-protein, low-phosphorus supplemented diet in 8 type I diabetics with 'overt' diabetic nephropathy and mild or severe renal insufficiency. We examined the following parameters: the rate of decline of creatinine clearance, the urinary protein loss, the total serum protein, the daily insulin requirement, the serum fasting glucose, the pattern of serum lipids (serum total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and serum triglycerides), the mean blood pressure and body weight. The rate of decline of creatinine clearance decreased monthly from 1.48 +/- 0.20 ml/min during a previous 15.6-month period of unrestricted protein diet (UPD), to 0.13 +/- 0.3 ml/min during the 11.4 months on the supplemented diet (SD). The mean blood pressure did not differ during UPD (130.9 +/- 7.0 mmHg) and during SD (128.1 +/- 1.6 mmHg). Urinary protein loss significantly decreased on SD, and total serum protein increased. The daily insulin requirement and the serum fasting glucose levels significantly decreased on SD. Serum cholesterol was lower during SD than during UPD, while serum HDL cholesterol and serum triglycerides were not significantly modified. In some patients the body weight decreased on SD as a consequence of the disappearance of edema. In conclusion, on the basis of these preliminary observations, the SD slows the progression of renal failure and seems to exert several beneficial and no unwanted side-effects in renal failure of type I diabetics. FAU - Barsotti, G
A Vegetarian Diet Is a Major Determinant of Gut Microbiota Composition in Early Pregnancy. LID - 10.3390/nu10070890 [doi] LID - 890; The composition of the gut microbiota can be influenced by dietary composition. In pregnancy, the maternal gut microbiome has associations with maternal and infant metabolic status. There is little known regarding the impact of a vegetarian diet in pregnancy on maternal gut microbiota. This study explored the gut microbiota profile in women who were vegetarian or omnivorous in early gestation. Women were selected from participants in the Study of PRobiotics IN Gestational diabetes (SPRING) randomised controlled trial. Nine women identified as vegetarians were matched to omnivorous women in a 1:2 ratio. Microbiota analyses were performed using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing and analysed using the Quantitative Insights Into Microbial Ecology (QIIME) and Calypso software tools. There was no difference in alpha diversity, but beta diversity was slightly reduced in vegetarians. There were differences seen in the relative abundance of several genera in those on a vegetarian diet, specifically a reduction in Collinsella, Holdemania, and increases in the relative abundances of Roseburia and Lachnospiraceae. In this sub-analysis of gut microbiota from women in early pregnancy, a vegetarian as compared to omnivorous diet, was associated with a different gut microbiome, with features suggesting alterations in fermentation end products from a mixed acid fermentation towards more acetate/butyrate. FAU - Barrett, Helen L
Vitamin B12 deficiency and hyperhomocysteinemia in rural and urban Indians.; BACKGROUND: Low vitamin B12 concentration in South Asian Indians is common, but the exact prevalence is not known. AIM: To investigate prevalence and associations of low vitamin B12 concentration and hyperhomocysteinemia in rural and urban Indian men living in and around Pune, Maharashtra. METHOD: We studied 441 middle-aged men (149 rural, 142 slum and 150 urban middle-class residents, mean age 39 y). Data on lifestyle, socio-economic status, nutrition and medical history were obtained. Circulating concentrations of vitamin B12, folate, ferritin, total homocysteine (tHcy), and haematological indices, and cardiovascular risk variables were measured. RESULTS: Median plasma B12 concentration was low (110 pmol/L): Overall, 67% of men had low vitamin B12 concentration (<150 pmol/L) and 58% had hyperhomocysteinemia (>15 micromol/L). Of the urban middle class, 81% had low vitamin B12 concentration and 79% had hyperhomocysteinemia. Low vitamin B12 concentration contributed 28% to the risk of hyperhomocysteinemia (population attributable risk) while low red cell folate contributed 2%. Vegetarians had 4.4 times (95% CI 2.1, 9.4) higher risk of low vitamin B12 concentrations and 3.0 times (95% CI 1.4, 6.5) higher risk of hyperhomocysteinemia compared to those who ate non-vegetarian foods frequently. Urban middle-class residence was an additional independent risk factor of hyperhomocysteinemia (odds ratio 7.6 (95% CI 2.5, 22.6), compared to rural men). Low vitamin B12 concentration was related to lower blood haemoglobin concentration and higher mean corpuscular volume, but macrocytic anemia was rare. CONCLUSION: Low vitamin B12 concentration and hyperhomocysteinemia are common in Indian men, particularly in vegetarians and urban middle class residents. Further studies are needed to confirm these findings in other parts of India. FAU - Yajnik, C S
Diet as a system: an observational study investigating a multi-choice system of moderately restricted low-protein diets.; BACKGROUND: There is no single, gold-standard, low-protein diet (LPD) for CKD patients; the best compliance is probably obtained by personalization. This study tests the hypothesis that a multiple choice diet network allows patients to attain a good compliance level, and that, in an open-choice system, overall results are not dependent upon the specific diet, but upon the clinical characteristics of the patients. METHODS: Observational study: Three LPD options were offered to all patients with severe or rapidly progressive CKD: vegan diets supplemented with alpha-ketoacids and essential aminoacids; protein-free food in substitution of normal bread and pasta; other (traditional, vegan non supplemented and tailored). Dialysis-free follow-up and survival were analyzed by Kaplan Meier curves according to diet, comorbidity and age. Compliance and metabolic control were estimated in 147 subjects on diet at March 2015, with recent complete data, prescribed protein intake 0.6 g/Kg/day. Protein intake was assessed by Maroni Mitch formula. RESULTS: Four hundreds and forty nine patients followed a LPD in December, 2007- March, 2015 (90% moderately restricted LPDs, 0.6 g/Kg/day of protein, 10% at lower targets); age (median 70 (19-97)) and comorbidity (Charlson index: 7) characterized our population as being in line with the usual CKD European population. Median e-GFR at start of the diet was 20 mL/min, 33.2% of the patients were diabetics. Baseline data differ significantly across diets: protein-free schemas are preferred by older, high-comorbidity patients (median age 76 years, Charlson index 8, GFR 20.5 mL/min, Proteinuria: 0.3 g/day), supplemented vegan diets by younger patients with lower GFR and higher proteinuria (median age 65 years, Charlson index 6, GFR 18.9 mL/min; Proteinuria: 1.2 g/day); other diets are chosen by an intermediate population (median age 71 years, Charlson index 6; GFR 22.5 mL/min; Proteinuria: 0.9 g/day); (p <0.001 for age, Charlson index, proteinuria, GFR). Adherence was good, only 1.1% of the patients were lost to follow-up and protein intake was at target in most of the cases with no differences among LPDs (protein intake: 0.47 (0.26-0.86) g/Kg/day). After adjustment for confounders, and/or selection of similar populations, no difference in mortality or dialysis start was observed on the different LPDs. Below the threshold of e-GFR 15 mL/min, 50% of the patients remain dialysis free for at least two years. CONCLUSION: A multiple choice LPD system may allow reaching good adherence, without competition among diets, and with promising results in terms of dialysis-free follow-up. The advantages with respect to a non-customized approach deserve confirmation in further comparative studies or RCTs. FAU - Piccoli, Giorgina Barbara
Fuelling the athlete with type 1 diabetes.; People with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) want to enjoy the benefits of sport and exercise, but management of diabetes in this context is complex. An understanding of the physiology of exercise in health, and particularly the control of fuel mobilization and metabolism, gives an idea of problems which may arise in managing diabetes for sport and exercise. Athletes with diabetes need to be advised on appropriate diet to maximize performance and reduce fatigue. Exercise in diabetes is complicated both by hypoglycaemia and hyperglycaemia in particular circumstances and explanations are advanced which can provide a theoretical underpinning for possible management strategies. Management strategies are proposed to improve glycaemic control and performance. FAU - Gallen, I W
Associations between diet and cancer, ischemic heart disease, and all-cause mortality in non-Hispanic white California Seventh-day Adventists.; Results associating diet with chronic disease in a cohort of 34192 California Seventh-day Adventists are summarized. Most Seventh-day Adventists do not smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol, and there is a wide range of dietary exposures within the population. About 50% of those studied ate meat products <1 time/wk or not at all, and vegetarians consumed more tomatoes, legumes, nuts, and fruit, but less coffee, doughnuts, and eggs than did nonvegetarians. Multivariate analyses showed significant associations between beef consumption and fatal ischemic heart disease (IHD) in men [relative risk (RR) = 2.31 for subjects who ate beef > or =3 times/wk compared with vegetarians], significant protective associations between nut consumption and fatal and nonfatal IHD in both sexes (RR approximately 0.5 for subjects who ate nuts > or =5 times/wk compared with those who ate nuts <1 time/wk), and reduced risk of IHD in subjects preferring whole-grain to white bread. The lifetime risk of IHD was reduced by approximately 31% in those who consumed nuts frequently and by 37% in male vegetarians compared with nonvegetarians. Cancers of the colon and prostate were significantly more likely in nonvegetarians (RR of 1.88 and 1.54, respectively), and frequent beef consumers also had higher risk of bladder cancer. Intake of legumes was negatively associated with risk of colon cancer in nonvegetarians and risk of pancreatic cancer. Higher consumption of all fruit or dried fruit was associated with lower risks of lung, prostate, and pancreatic cancers. Cross-sectional data suggest vegetarian Seventh-day Adventists have lower risks of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and arthritis than nonvegetarians. Thus, among Seventh-day Adventists, vegetarians are healthier than nonvegetarians but this cannot be ascribed only to the absence of meat. FAU - Fraser, G E
Renal, metabolic, and hormonal responses to proteins of different origin in normotensive, nonproteinuric type I diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: Whether the differences in renal function found in vegetarian compared with omnivorous subjects are related to quantity or quality of the protein is unknown. We have studied the renal function of nine normotensive, nonproteinuric type I diabetic patients who were fed in random order for 4 weeks either an animal protein diet (APD) (protein intake 1.1 g . kg-1 . day-1) or a vegetable protein diet VPD (protein intake 0.95 g . kg-1 . day-1). The two diets were isocaloric. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a crossover study, we measured glomerular filtration rate (GFR) (inulin clearance), renal plasma flow (RPF) (p-aminohippurate clearance), plasma amino acids, growth hormone, glucagon, insulin-like growth factor I-(IGF-I), and microalbuminuria. RESULTS: GFR and RPF were lower with the VPD than with the APD (89.9 +/- 4.1 vs. 105.6 +/- 5.1 ml . min-1 . 1.73 m-2, P < 0.05, and 425.7 +/- 22.2 vs. 477.8 +/- 32.2 ml . min-1 1.73m-2, P < 0.05, respectively). Renal vascular resistance (RVR) was higher with the VPD than with the APD (101 +/- 25 vs. 91 +/- 10 mmHg . min-1 . ml-1, P < 0.05). Filtration fraction (FF) remained unchanged after either diet. Fractional clearance of albumin fell with the VPD to 2.0 +/- 0.65 from 3.4 +/- 1.15 x 10-6 (P < 0.05). At the end of the APD and VPD, the plasma levels of growth hormone and glucagon did not differ significantly. Plasma levels of IGF-I were higher with the APD than with the VPD (1.1 +/- 0.6 vs. 0.9 +/- 0.13 U/ml, P < 0.05). Plasma concentrations of valine and lysine were significantly higher with the APD than with the VPD (234.6 +/- 30.3 vs. 164.5 +/- 25.4 mm1/1, P < 0.05, and 565 +/- 45.1 vs. 430 +/- 56.1 mmol/l, P < 0.05, respectively), whereas plasma valine was strongly correlated to the GFR (r = 0.832, P < 0.01). No differences were found in other amino acids. CONCLUSIONS: A VPD has significantly different renal effects from an APD equal in protein intake in normotensive type I diabetic patients. This could be explained partly by differences in plasma concentrations of amino acids and IGF-I. FAU - Kontessis, P A
Salicylic acid in the serum of subjects not taking aspirin. Comparison of salicylic acid concentrations in the serum of vegetarians, non-vegetarians, and patients taking low dose aspirin.; AIMS: To determine serum salicylic acid concentrations in non-vegetarians and vegetarians not taking salicylate drugs, and to compare these concentrations with those found in patients taking aspirin, 75 mg daily. METHODS: Serum samples were obtained from vegetarians (n = 37) and non-vegetarians (n = 39) not taking salicylate drugs. Non-vegetarians and vegetarians were recruited from the community and from a Buddhist monastery, respectively, in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland. Patients (n = 14) taking aspirin (75 mg daily) were recruited from the Dumfries diabetic clinic. Serum salicylic acid concentrations were determined using a high performance liquid chromatography method with electrochemical detection. RESULTS: Salicylic acid was detected in every serum sample analysed. Higher serum concentrations of salicylic acid were found in vegetarians than non-vegetarians: median concentrations of 0.11 (range, 0.04-2.47) micromol/litre and 0.07 (range, 0.02-0.20) micromol/litre, respectively; the median of the difference was 0.05 micromol/litre (95% confidence interval for difference, 0.03 to 0.08; p < 0.0001). The median serum concentration of salicylic acid in patients taking aspirin (75 mg daily) was 10.03 (range, 0.23-25.40) micromol/litre, which was significantly higher than that found in non-vegetarians and vegetarians. There was overlap in serum salicylic acid concentrations between the vegetarians and patients taking aspirin. CONCLUSIONS: Salicylic acid, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, is present in fruits and vegetables and is found in higher concentrations in vegetarians than non-vegetarians. This suggests that a diet rich in fruits and vegetables contributes to the presence of salicylic acid in vivo. There is overlap between the serum concentrations of salicylic acid in vegetarians and patients taking aspirin, 75 mg daily. These findings may explain, in part, the health promoting effects of dietary fruits and vegetables. FAU - Blacklock, C J
Reduced risk for metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance associated with ovo-lacto-vegetarian behavior in female Buddhists: a case-control study.; INTRODUCTION: The association of vegetarian status with the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) is not clear. In Asia, Buddhists often have vegetarian behavior for religious rather than for health reasons. We hypothesize that the vegetarian in Buddhism is associated with better metabolic profiles, lower risk for the MetS and insulin resistance (IR). METHODS: We enrolled 391 female vegetarians (~80% lacto-ovo-vegetarians) and 315 non-vegetarians from health-checkup clinics at a Buddhist hospital in Taiwan. RESULTS: The vegetarian status was associated with lower body mass index, smaller waist circumference, lower total cholesterol, lower low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), and lower HDL-C in multivariate linear regression analyses. Despite having lower HDL-C level, the vegetarians had significantly lower total cholesterol/HDL-C and LDL-C/HDL-C ratios. After adjusting the other covariates, the risks for the MetS were lower for ovo-lacto-vegetarians of 1-11 years and >11 years respectively by 54% (odds ratio [OR] =0.46, 95%C.I.:0.26-0.79) and 57% (OR=0.43, 95%C.I.:0.23-0.76) compared to non-vegetarians by the IDF criteria. Likewise, they were lower respectively by 45% (OR=0.55, 95%C.I.:0.32-0.92) and 42% (OR=0.58, 95%C.I.:0.33-0.997), for the MetS by the modified NCEP criteria. In the subgroup of non-diabetic subjects, the vegetarians also had lower risk for IR by HOMA compared to the non-vegetarians (OR=0.71, 95%C.I.:0.48-1.06). CONCLUSION: The vegetarian behavior, mainly lacto-ovo-vegetarian, related to Buddhism, although not meant for its health effects, is associated with reduced risk for the MetS and IR and may potentially provide metabolic and cardiovascular protective effects in women. FAU - Chiang, Jui-Kun
Heart Failure and a Plant-Based Diet. A Case-Report and Literature Review.; A 54-year-old female with grade 3 obesity body mass index (BMI 45.2 kg/m(2)) and type II diabetes (hemoglobin A1c 8.1%) presented to her primary care physician in May 2017 with a chief complaint of left lower extremity edema. Work-up revealed heart failure with depressed left ventricular systolic function. Upon diagnosis, she substantially altered her lifestyle, changing her diet from a "healthy western" one to a whole food plant-based one. Guideline directed medical therapy for heart failure was also utilized. Over five and a half months, she lost 22.7 kg and reversed her diabetes without the use of diabetes medications. Her left ventricular systolic function normalized. Although causality cannot be determined, this case highlights the potential role of a plant-based diet in helping to reverse heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. This article will review how a minimally processed whole food plant-based dietary pattern and similar dietary patterns, such as the Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension diet, may contribute to the reversal of left ventricular dysfunction. FAU - Allen, Kathleen E
[Approaches to vitamin B12 deficiency].; A 28-year-old female vegetarian was referred to a specialist in internal medicine with persistent iron deficiency. Laboratory analysis revealed microcytic anaemia with low ferritin levels but normal total vitamin B12 levels. The red blood cell distribution width, however, showed a very wide variation in red blood cell sizes, indicating a coexisting vitamin B12 deficiency, which was confirmed by the low concentration of active vitamin B12. Another patient, a 69-year-old woman with a history of previous gastric surgery and renal insufficiency as a complication of diabetes mellitus, was suspected to be deficient in vitamin B12, as she had low total vitamin B12 levels and an accumulation of methylmalonic acid and homocysteine in her blood. Testing the total concentration of vitamin B12 alone has insufficient diagnostic accuracy and no accepted gold standard is available for diagnosing vitamin B12 deficiency. With the development of newer tests, such as measuring holotranscobalamin II (concentration of active vitamin B12), atypical and subclinical deficiency states can be recognized. A new approach to diagnosing vitamin B12 deficiency is presented, based upon these 2 case descriptions. FAU - Russcher, Henk
Role of plant protein in nutrition, wellness, and health.; Plant-based diets, and more specifically plant-based proteins, have been the subject of growing interest from researchers and consumers because of their potential health benefits as well as their positive environmental impact. Of course, plant proteins are found in plant foods, and positive health benefits of plant foods are linked to dietary fiber, vitamins, minerals, and phytochemicals. In epidemiological studies it is not possible to separate out the health benefits of plant foods in general as opposed to plant proteins specifically. Additionally, few vegans, who consume only plant-based proteins, are included in existing prospective cohort studies. Isolated plant proteins (soy, pea) have been used in intervention trials, but often to improve biomarkers linked to disease risk, including serum lipids or blood pressure. This review is an overview of plant proteins, the whole foods they are associated with, and the potential health benefits linked to consumption of protein from plant sources. Plant proteins and their potential for reducing the risk of developing metabolic syndrome, diabetes management, cancer prevention, and weight management are each discussed, as are the various rating systems currently used to determine protein quality from plant sources. Although additional research is needed that focuses specifically on the role that plant protein plays in the prevention and management of these chronic illnesses, rather than the role played by a more general plant-based diet, evidence suggests that plant proteins offer nutritional benefits to those who consume them. Limitations to plant proteins, including lower protein quality, must also be considered in this discussion.
The effect of vegetarian diet on skin autofluorescence measurements in haemodialysis patients.; CVD remains the major cause of death for dialysis patients. Dialysis patients have both traditional and nontraditional risk factors, including the retention of advanced glycation end products (AGE). Tissue AGE can be measured by skin autofluorescence (SAF) and are a reliable measurement of chronic exposure. Dietary intake of AGE may be lower in vegetarian patients than in non-vegetarian patients, so we determined whether vegetarian patients had lower SAF than non-vegetarian patients. We measured SAF in 332 adult haemodialysis patients using a UV technique in a standardised manner. Information about patients' demographic data, laboratory results and current medicinal prescriptions was collected retrospectively from the hospital's computerised database. The mean patient age was 65·2 (SD 15·1) years, 64 % were men, 42 % were diabetic, and 66 % were Caucasian. The mean SAF was 3·26 (SD 0·95) arbitrary units (AU), and SAF was lower in vegetarians as compared to non-vegetarians (2·71 (SD 0·6) v. 3·31 (SD 0·97) AU, P= 0·002). SAF was negatively correlated on both univariate (r -0·17, P= 0·002) and multiple linear regression (β coefficient -0·39, 95 % CI -0·7, -0·07, P= 0·019). SAF, a marker of tissue AGE deposition, was reduced in vegetarian haemodialysis patients after correction for known confounders, which suggests that a vegetarian diet may reduce exposure to preformed dietary AGE. Dietary manipulation could potentially reduce tissue AGE and SAF as well as CVD risk, but further prospective studies are warranted to confirm the present findings. FAU - Nongnuch, Arkom
Attenuated associations between increasing BMI and unfavorable lipid profiles in Chinese Buddhist vegetarians.; Obesity is related to hyperlipidemia and risk of cardiovascular disease. Health benefits of vegetarian diets have well-documented in the Western countries where both obesity and hyperlipidemia were prevalent. We studied the association between BMI and various lipid/lipoprotein measures, as well as between BMI and predicted coronary heart disease probability in lean, low risk populations in Southern China. The study included 170 Buddhist monks (vegetarians) and 126 omnivore men. Interaction between BMI and vegetarian status was tested in the multivariable regression analysis adjusting for age, education, smoking, alcohol drinking, and physical activity. Compared with omnivores, vegetarians had significantly lower mean BMI, blood pressures, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol to high density lipoprotein ratio, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and A-I, as well as lower predicted probability of coronary heart disease. Higher BMI was associated with unfavorable lipid/lipoprotein profile and predicted probability of coronary heart disease in both vegetarians and omnivores. However, the associations were significantly diminished in Buddhist vegetarians. CONCLUSIONS: Vegetarian diets not only lower BMI, but also attenuate the BMI-related increases of atherogenic lipid/ lipoprotein and the probability of coronary heart disease. FAU - Zhang, Hui-Jie
Association of a plant-based dietary pattern in relation to gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has adverse effects on mothers and their offspring, is increasing worldwide. The role of a plant-based dietary pattern as a determinant of GDM is not well understood. Therefore, we examined the association between plant-based dietary patterns and the risk of GDM. METHODS: We enrolled 460 pregnant women in this case-control study, of them 200 were cases and 260 were controls. Dietary intake of participants was evaluated using three 24-hour dietary records. Adherence to the plant-based dietary patterns was scored using three indices of the overall plant-based dietary index (PDI), healthy plant-based diet (hPDI) and unhealthy plant-based diet index (uPDI). The risk of GDM was compared across tertiles of PDI, hPDI and uPDI. RESULTS: After multivariable adjustment, we demonstrated that the high PDI score was inversely associated with risk of GDM (OR = 0.47; 95% CI: 0.28-0.78, P = 0.004), but there was no significant association between hPDI (OR = 1.03; 95% CI: 0.64-1.65, P = 0.884) or uPDI (OR = 1.65; 95% CI: 0.98-2.78, P = 0.06) and GDM risk. CONCLUSIONS: We found that following an overall plant-based diet was associated with lower risk of GDM. Future studies are warranted with longitudinal designs to confirm these findings.
Is red meat required for the prevention of iron deficiency among children and adolescents?; Iron deficiency remains the most common nutritional deficiency worldwide despite the fact that global prevention is a high priority. Recent guidelines suggest intake of red meat both in infants and toddlers to prevent iron deficiency. However frequent consumption of red and processed meat may be associated with an increased risk for cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Evidence also suggests that even in vegetarian diets or diets with little consumption of white or red meat, iron status may not be adversely affected. The Eastern Orthodox Christian Church dietary recommendations which is a type of periodic vegetarian diet, has proved beneficial for the prevention of iron deficiency and avoidance of excess iron intake. This paper aims to provide examples of meals for children and adolescents that may be sufficient to meet age specific iron requirements without consumption of red meat beyond the recommended consumption which is once or twice per month. FAU - Savva, Savvas C
The future for long chain n-3 PUFA in the prevention of coronary heart disease: do we need to target non-fish-eaters?; Dietary guidelines in many countries include a recommendation to consume oily fish, mainly on the basis of evidence from prospective cohort studies that fish consumption is cardioprotective. However, average intakes are very low in a large proportion of the UK population. Some groups, such as vegans and vegetarians, purposely omit fish (along with meat) from their diet resulting in zero or trace intakes of long chain (LC) n-3 PUFA. Although the efficacy of dietary fish oil supplementation in the prevention of CVD has been questioned in recent years, the balance of evidence indicates that LC n-3 PUFA exert systemic pleiotropic effects through their influence on gene expression, cell signalling, membrane fluidity and by conversion to specialised proresolving mediators; autacoid lipid mediators that resolve inflammatory events. The long-term impact of reduced tissue LC n-3 PUFA content on cardiovascular health is surprisingly poorly understood, particularly with regard to how low proportions of LC n-3 PUFA in cell membranes may affect cardiac electrophysiology and chronic inflammation. Randomised controlled trials investigating effects of supplementation on prevention of CHD in populations with low basal LC n-3 PUFA tissue status are lacking, and so the clinical benefits of supplementing non-fish-eating groups with vegetarian sources of LC n-3 PUFA remain to be determined. Refocusing dietary LC n-3 PUFA intervention studies towards those individuals with a low LC n-3 PUFA tissue status may go some way towards reconciling results from randomised controlled trials with the epidemiological evidence. FAU - Hall, W L
Update paper: Dietary treatment of chronic renal failure in adults. BDA Renal Dialysis Group.; The following summarises the policy of UK renal units for the dietary treatment of chronic renal failure (CRF) agreed in November 1983. The dietary treatment of haemodialysis patients is not included as these patients will normally not be treated in general hospitals but only in specialised renal units.
Liver protein synthesis in physiology and in disease states.; Liver protein synthesis is usually estimated in humans by measuring the synthesis rates of major exported liver proteins. Among these, the synthesis rates of albumin and fibrinogen have been more commonly studied. Recently, it was reported that several physiological stimuli such as physical exercise followed by recovery in the upright position, active and passive ascent to high altitude or life-style habits like vegetarian diet or smoking affect the synthesis rates of albumin and fibrinogen. Among disease states, the most recent literature addresses the effects of kidney diseases (hemodialysis, nephrotic syndrome), type 2 diabetes mellitus and growth hormone administration to critically ill patients and to patients undergoing laparoscopic colecystectomy. The results of these studies have clarified several aspects of the regulation of liver protein synthesis in humans and raise open questions that will stimulate the future research in the area. FAU - De Feo, Pierpaolo
Are levels of bone turnover related to lower bone mass of adolescents previously fed a macrobiotic diet?; Dutch adolescents who consumed a macrobiotic (vegan-type) diet in early life, demonstrate a lower relative bone mass than their omnivorous counterparts. We investigated whether subjects from the macrobiotic group showed signs of catching up with controls in terms of relative bone mass, reflected by higher levels of serum osteocalcin and alkaline phosphatase and lower levels of urinary cross-links. Group differences in calciotropic hormones and mineral excretion were also investigated. Bone measurements, blood, and urine samples were obtained from 69 macrobiotic (34 girls, 35 boys) and 99 control (57 girls, 42 boys) subjects, aged 9-15. Bone turnover markers and 1,25(OH)2D reached maximal levels at pubertal stages 3-4, and decreased thereafter. After adjusting for puberty, age, and lean body mass, no group differences were found in markers of bone turnover, 1,25(OH)2D, PTH, or calcium excretion, but phosphate excretion was 23% lower in macrobiotic girls. After adjustment for puberty, 1,25(OH)2D was positively related to osteocalcin. In summary, we found no evidence for group differences in bone turnover, or catch up in relative bone mass, which might be due to the fact that 60% of subjects were still in early stages of puberty. FAU - Parsons, T J
Lack of association between cassava consumption and tropical pancreatitis syndrome.; Previous studies suggesting an association between use of tubers of cassava and tropical pancreatitis have been weak and conflicting. To test a possible association the cassava consumption of 40 consecutive cases of tropical pancreatitis syndrome were compared with age-matched and sex-matched healthy hospital visitors. The sociodemographic characteristics of the two groups were comparable. There was no association between cassava consumption and tropical pancreatitis syndrome (odds ratio = 0.56; 95% confidence interval = 0.21-1.45). Controlling for the possible confounding effects of low socio-economic status and vegetarian diet did not alter the odds ratio. Testing for interaction also failed to show any effect modification of the association of cassava by economic status, chilli consumption or vegetarian diet. A significantly higher number of cases gave a positive family history of diabetes compared to the controls (odds ratio = 4.11; 95% confidence interval = 1.04-16.30; P = 0.04). In this case-control study which had sufficient power to detect an odds ratio > or = 3.5, there was no association between cassava consumption and tropical pancreatitis syndrome. FAU - Narendranathan, M
[Lipids and vitamin A and E status in vegetarian children].; BACKGROUND: The vegetarian diet may play a preventive role in the development of chronic diseases such as coronary heart disease, cancer and diabetes. In the literature only a few papers concerning benefits to health from vegetarian diet have been reported in children. AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate serum concentration of vitamin A (retinol) and E (alpha-tocopherol) in children on vegetarian and omnivorous diet. Material and methods. Vitamins A and E were measured by high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) in blood of 17 vegetarians and 16 nonvegetarian children. RESULTS: In the group of vegetarian mean plasma concentration of vitamin A and E was statistically lower as compared to those in nonvegetarian children (1.56 micromol/l vs 1.93 micromol/l, p < 0.05; 13.6 micromol/l vs 18.4 micromol/l, p < 0.001). In children on vegetarian diet total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol were significantly lower, whereas HDL cholesterol and triglycerides were in the range observed in control group. In vegetarian ratio of tocopherol-to-total cholesterol and tocopherol-to-lipids was statistically lower than those in children on omnivorous diet. CONCLUSION: Since vitamins A and E are important parts in antioxidant defence systems, their low levels may be insufficient for scavenging of free radicals in the cells. In order to recommend dietary guidelines the further studies are needed on large groups of children on different types of vegetarian diet. FAU - Chełchowska, Magdalena
Higher insulin sensitivity in vegans is not associated with higher mitochondrial density.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Vegans have a lower incidence of insulin resistance (IR)-associated diseases and a higher insulin sensitivity (IS) compared with omnivores. The aim of this study was to examine whether the higher IS in vegans relates to markers of mitochondrial biogenesis and to intramyocellular lipid (IMCL) content. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Eleven vegans and 10 matched (race, age, sex, body mass index, physical activity and energy intake) omnivorous controls were enrolled in a case-control study. Anthropometry, bioimpedance (BIA), ultrasound measurement of visceral and subcutaneous fat layer, parameters of glucose and lipid homeostasis, hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and muscle biopsies were performed. Citrate synthase (CS) activity, mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) and IMCL content were assessed in skeletal muscle samples. RESULTS: Both groups were comparable in anthropometric and BIA parameters, physical activity and protein-energy intake. Vegans had significantly higher glucose disposal (M-value, vegans 8.11±1.51 vs controls 6.31±1.57 mg/kg/min, 95% confidence interval: 0.402 to 3.212, P=0.014), slightly lower IMCL content (vegans 13.91 (7.8 to 44.0) vs controls 17.36 (12.4 to 78.5) mg/g of muscle, 95% confidence interval: -7.594 to 24.550, P=0.193) and slightly higher relative muscle mtDNA amount (vegans 1.36±0.31 vs controls 1.13±0.36, 95% confidence interval:-0.078 to 0.537, P=0.135). No significant differences were found in CS activity (vegans 18.43±5.05 vs controls 18.16±5.41 μmol/g/min, 95% confidence interval: -4.503 to 5.050, P=0.906). CONCLUSIONS: Vegans have a higher IS, but comparable mitochondrial density and IMCL content with omnivores. This suggests that a decrease in whole-body glucose disposal may precede muscle lipid accumulation and mitochondrial dysfunction in IR development. FAU - Gojda, J
Marabou 2005: nutrition and human development.; Nutrition is now becoming once more of intense interest to biological and medical scientists working on the control of development and human health. It is also now of ever greater public health interest. Few scientists, however, recognize that the same interest for those involved in fundamental science and public health developed a century ago focusing on the way in which nutrition and specific micronutrients, as well as general energy and protein intakes, were crucial to infant growth and appropriate development. The discovery of vitamins was matched by the proposition that stunted children in poor communities in the Western world were suffering from poverty-related poor diets. The critical role of nutrition was established by feeding studies, which then led to major food and agricultural policy changes during the Second World War, when food supplies were scarce throughout Europe. The success of these wartime policies led to a revolution in governmental thinking and a cheap food policy, together with a major boost in national agricultural production as an issue of national security. Nutritionists transferred their scientific interest to the study of childhood malnutrition in the developing world. The promotion of intensive agriculture and the food industry led to a revolution in food supplies, with the intense promotion of meat, milk, butter, and sugar production and consumption. The resulting escalation in cardiovascular disease related to the dietary change slowly altered public health policies, but as cardiovascular deaths decreased in the developed world, obesity and diabetes progressively increased. Now the lower- and middle-income countries (i.e., the developing world) have far more cardiovascular disease as Western diets and cultural habits are imported. The remarkable escalation of diabetes and cardiovascular disease, particularly in populations currently and previously subjected to malnutrition, now reveals unusual susceptibility to these diseases. This susceptibility is increasingly related to the conjunction of fetal malnutrition and later inappropriate diets. The alarming escalation in the health burden suggests that two-thirds of the world's population is super-sensitive to weight gain, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and perhaps many cancers. New evidence on epigenetics and the structural changes in the fetus in response to inappropriate maternal diets provides mechanisms to explain this. Unfortunately, a vicious intergenerational cycle of maternal and fetal epigenetic change seems to herald markedly increased future burdens of disease. The nutrition field is therefore challenged not only in terms of science, but also in new dimensions of public health of immense economic significance. FAU - James, Philip
Palaeolithic Diet in Diabesity and Endocrinopathies - A Vegan's Perspective.; INTRODUCTION: The Palaeolithic diet is designed to resemble that of human hunter-gatherer ancestors thousands to millions of years ago. This review summarises the evidence and clinical application of this diet in various disorders. An empiric vegan variant of it has been provided, keeping in mind vegan food habits. REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE: different types of Palaeolithic diets in vogue include the 80/20, the autoimmune, the lacto, the Palaeolithic vegan and the Palaeolithic ketogenic. We have developed an Indian variant of the Palaeolithic vegan diet, which excludes all animal-based foods. The Palaeolithic diet typically has low carbohydrate and lean protein of 30-35% daily caloric intake in addition to a fibre diet from non-cereal, plant-based sources, up to 45-100 g daily. In different observational studies, beneficial effects on metabolic syndrome, blood pressure, glucose tolerance, insulin secretion, lipid profiles and cardiovascular risk factors have been documented with the Palaeolithic diet. Short-term randomised controlled trials have documented weight loss, and improved glycaemia and adipo-cytokine profiles. Few concerns of micronutrient deficiency (e.g. calcium) have been raised. CONCLUSION: Initial data are encouraging with regard to the use of the Palaeolithic diet in managing diabesity. There is an urgent need for large randomised controlled trials to evaluate the role of the Palaeolithic diet with different anti-diabetes medications for glycaemic control and the reversal of type 2 diabetes.
Reduced protein bound uraemic toxins in vegetarian kidney failure patients treated by haemodiafiltration.; Introduction Indoxyl sulfate (IS) and p cresyl sulfate (PCS) are protein bound toxins which accumulate with chronic kidney disease. Haemodiafiltration (HDF) increases middle molecule clearances and has been suggested to increase IS and PCS clearance. We therefore wished to establish whether higher convective clearances with HDF would reduce IS and PCS concentrations. Methods We measured total plasma IS and PCS in a cohort of 138 CKD5d patients treated by On-line HDF (Ol-HDF), by high pressure liquid chromatography. Findings Mean patient age was 64.6 ± 16.5 years, 60.1% male, 57.3% diabetic, median dialysis vintage 25.9 months (12.4-62.0). The mean ICS concentration was 79.8 ± 56.4 umol/L and PCS 140.3 ± 101.8 umol/L. On multivariate analysis, IS was associated with serum albumin (β 4.31,P < 0.001), and negatively with residual renal function (β-4.1,P = 0.02) and vegetarian diet(β-28.3, P = 0.048) and PCS negatively with log C reactive protein (β-75.8, P < 0.001) and vegetarian diet (β-109, P = 0.001). Vegetarian patients had lower IS and PCS levels (median 41.5 (24.2-71.9) vs. 78.1 (49.5-107.5) and PCS (41.6 (14.2-178.3) vs. 127.3 (77.4-205.6) µmol/L, respectively, P < 0.05. Vegetarian patients had lower preOl-HDF serum urea, and phosphate (13.8 ±3.8 vs. 18.4 ± 5.2 mmol/L, and 1.33 ± 0.21 vs. 1.58 ± 0.45 mmol/L), and estimated urea nitrogen intake (1.25 ± 0.28 vs. 1.62 ± 0.5 g/kg/day), respectively, all P < 0.05. Discussion Plasma IS and PCS concentrations were not lower with Ol-HDF compared to previous studies in haemodialysis patients. However those eating a vegetarian diet had reduced IS and PCS concentrations. Although this could be due to differences in dietary protein intake, a vegetarian diet may also potentially reduce IS and PCS production by the intestinal microbiome.
The Influence of Dietary Habits and Meat Consumption on Plasma 3-Methylhistidine-A Potential Marker for Muscle Protein Turnover.; SCOPE: 3-Methylhistidine (3-MH) as a potential biomarker for muscle protein turnover is influenced by meat intake but data on the impact of meat on plasma 3-MH are scarce. We determined the association of plasma 3-MH, 1-methylhistidine (1-MH), and creatinine with dietary habits and assessed the impact of a single white meat intervention during a meat-free period. METHODS AND RESULTS: Plasma 3-MH, 1-MH, and creatinine concentrations of healthy young omnivores (n = 19) and vegetarians (n = 16) were analyzed together with data on anthropometry, body composition, grip strength, and nutrition. After baseline measurements omnivores adhered to a meat-free diet for 6 days and received a defined administration of chicken breast on day four. At baseline, omnivores had higher plasma 3-MH and 1-MH concentrations than vegetarians. White meat administration led to a slight increase in plasma 3-MH in omnivores. The elevated 3-MH concentrations significantly declined within 24 h after white meat intake. CONCLUSION: 1-MH concentrations in plasma seem to be suitable to display (white) meat consumption and its influence on 3-MH plasma concentration. 3-MH in plasma may be used as a biomarker for muscle protein turnover if subjects have not consumed meat in the previous 24 h.
Ascorbic acid and cholesterol gallstones.; Decreased activity of cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase, the rate-limiting enzyme in the catabolism of cholesterol to bile acids, is known to result in increased biliary cholesterol concentration and supersaturation of bile. Supersaturation of bile by cholesterol is a necessary condition for cholesterol gallstone formation. In guinea pigs, the hepatic concentration of ascorbic acid affects the catabolism of cholesterol: hypovitaminosis C reduces cholesterol 7 alpha-hydroxylase activity. Cholesterol gallstones are frequently found in ascorbic acid-deficient guinea pigs. Risk factors for cholesterol gallstones in humans include obesity, aging, estrogen treatment, pregnancy and diabetes. Plasma ascorbic acid levels are reduced in these groups. Vegetarian diets, which typically have high ascorbic acid contents, protect against gallstones. Since ascorbic acid effects the rate-limiting step in the catabolism of cholesterol in the guinea pig and many human risk groups for cholesterol gallstones are associated with reduced ascorbic acid levels, ascorbic acid may play a contributory role in human gallbladder disease. FAU - Simon, J A
Comparison of sex hormonal and metabolic profiles between omnivores and vegetarians in pre- and post-menopausal women.; The purpose of the present study was to investigate the sex hormonal and metabolic profiles in vegetarians and compare these with the profiles in omnivores. The design of the present study was cross-sectional. The study sample of pre- and post-menopausal women included forty-one omnivores and twenty-one vegetarians. Thereafter we determined: (1) plasma sex hormones, (2) fasting insulin, NEFA as well as apo-A and apo-B, (3) BMI, (4) a dietary profile (3 d dietary records), (5) physical activity and (6) total faecal excretion per 72 h and total urinary excretion per 72 h. Vegetarians showed higher levels of sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), apo-A, total faecal excretion per 72 h and total fibre intake as well as lower levels of apo-B, free oestradiol, free testosterone, dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEA-s) and BMI. Interestingly, after controlling for BMI, significant differences between groups still persisted except for apo-B. Moreover, stepwise regression analysis showed that total fibre intake explained 15.2 % of the variation in SHBG in our cohort, which accounted for the greatest source of unique variance. Results of the present study indicate that pre- and post-menopausal vegetarians present higher concentrations of SHBG, which could be explained, in part, by higher levels of fibre intake. This may explain, at least in part, the lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes. FAU - Karelis, Antony D
Effectiveness of plant-based diets in promoting well-being in the management of type 2 diabetes: a systematic review.; Diet interventions have suggested an association between plant-based diets and improvements in psychological well-being, quality of life and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) control in populations with diabetes. The aims of this review are to systematically analyze the available literature on plant-based diet interventions targeting diabetes in adults and to clearly define the benefits on well-being of such interventions. This is a systematic review of controlled trials. A computerized systematic literature search was conducted in the following electronic databases: Allied and Complementary Medicine, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, E-Journals, Excerpta Medica Database, MEDLINE, Health Management Information Consortium, PsycARTICLES, PsycINFO, PubMed, SocINDEX and Web of Science. The search strategy retrieved 1240 articles, of which 11 met the inclusion criteria (n=433; mean sample age 54.8 years). Plant-based diets were associated with significant improvement in emotional well-being, physical well-being, depression, quality of life, general health, HbA1c levels, weight, total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, compared with several diabetic associations' official guidelines and other comparator diets. Plant-based diets can significantly improve psychological health, quality of life, HbA1c levels and weight and therefore the management of diabetes. FAU - Toumpanakis, Anastasios
A Plant-Based Dietary Intervention for Preoperative Glucose Optimization in Diabetic Patients Undergoing Total Joint Arthroplasty.; Purpose. The purpose of this study was to assess the feasibility and effectiveness of a whole food plant-based diet (WFPBD) to improve day of surgery fasting blood glucose (FBG) among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Patients and Methods. Ten patients with T2D scheduled for a total hip or total knee replacement were recruited. For 3 weeks preceding their surgeries, subjects were asked to consume an entirely WFPBD. Frozen WFPBD meals were professionally prepared and delivered to each participant for the 3 weeks prior to surgery. FBG was reassessed on the morning of surgery and compared with preintervention values. Compliance with the diet was assessed. Results. Mean age of subjects and reported duration of diabetes was 65 and 8 years, respectively, average hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was 6.6%, and 6 were women. Mean FBG decreased from 127 to 116 mg/dL (P = .2). Five of the subjects experienced improvement in glycemic control, with an average decline of 11 mg/dL. Conclusion. A WFPBD is a potentially effective intervention to improve glycemic control among patients with T2D during the period leading up to surgery. Future controlled trials on a larger sample of patients to assess the impact of a WFPBD on glycemic control and surgical outcomes are warranted.
Association of carnitine deficiency in Indian continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients with anemia, erythropoietin use, residual renal function, and diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: In the present study, we aimed to determine levels of free carnitine in hemodialysis (HD) and peritoneal dialysis (PD) patients in India and to correlate carnitine deficiency with various clinical parameters. METHODS: Patients on HD and PD at two tertiary care centers were selected for the study. Baseline data were obtained, and a free carnitine analysis was performed. Carnitine deficiency was defined as a free carnitine level of less than 40 micromol/L. RESULTS: The total number of study patients was 96 (77 on HD, 19 on PD). In the PD group, the mean age was 56 years, with 26.3% of the patients being vegan, 47.4% having diabetes, and 57.9% having a daily urine output of <500 mL. The mean carnitine level in that group was 38.9 micromol/L, and 68.4% of the patients had a carnitine deficiency. A Pearson correlation test failed to show any association of carnitine level with parameters such as anemia, use of erythropoietin, non-vegetarian diet, diabetes, and hypertension. In the HD group, the mean age was 45 years, with 22% of the patients being vegan, 23% having diabetes, and 45.5% having a daily urine output of <500 mL. The mean carnitine level in the group was 38.2 micromol/L, and 64.3% of the patients had a carnitine deficiency. Residual renal function and duration of dialysis were different in HD patients with and without carnitine deficiency. Carnitine levels in the HD group correlated positively and statistically significantly with the presence of diabetes and hypertension. CONCLUSION: This study is the first demonstration that Indian dialysis patients have carnitine deficiency. FAU - Ramalakshmi, S
New Insight into the Dietary Cause of Atherosclerosis: Implications for Pharmacology.; At present, the guideline approach to the medical treatment and prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is to classify patients by risk and treat the known risk factors (contributory causes), e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, smoking, and poor diet, as appropriate. All high-risk patients should receive statins. This approach has had substantial success but ASCVD still remains the number one cause of death in the United States. Until recently, the underlying cause of ASCVD remained unknown, although a potential dietary cause was suggested by the fact that vegetarians, especially vegans, have a much lower incidence of ASCVD than animal flesh eaters. Recently, consistent with the vegetarian data, substantial evidence for a cause of ASCVD in animals and humans has been discovered. Trimethylamine (TMA)-containing dietary compounds in meat, milk, and other animal foods (e.g., lecithin, choline, and carnitine) are converted by closely related gut bacterial TMA lyases to TMA, which is absorbed and converted predominantly by flavin mono-oxygenase 3 to the toxic trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO). TMAO causes atherosclerosis in animals and is elevated in patients with coronary heart disease. Inhibition of bacterial lyases in mice prevents TMA and secondarily TMAO formation and atherosclerosis, strong evidence for the TMAO hypothesis. At present, the challenge for the pharmaceutical industry is to discover and develop a potent "broad spectrum" bacterial lyase inhibitor that, along with diet and exercise, could, if the TMAO hypothesis is correct, revolutionize the preventive treatment of ASCVD.
Low serum leptin concentration in vegetarian prepubertal children.; PURPOSE: Vegetarian diet may play a positive role in reducing risk of several chronic diseases such as diabetes, coronary heart disease and some types of cancer. There are different vegetarian dietary patterns, some of which are nutritionally adequate for children, whereas other may lack some essential nutrients. Leptin, a hormone from adipose tissue plays a key role in the control of body fat stores and energy expenditure. Higher leptin levels were observed in obese subjects and lower in anorectic patients. Recent studies support that diet may be a factor which influences leptin levels. The aim of this study was to investigate serum concentrations of leptin, lipids and apolipoproteins in prepubertal children with two different nutritional habits: vegetarian and omnivorous diet. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We examined 22 vegetarians and 13 omnivores in age 2-10 years. Serum leptin concentration was determined by immunoenzyme assay (ELISA) and serum lipids were measured by enzymatic and immunoturbidimetric methods. RESULTS: Average daily dietary energy intake and the percentage of energy from protein, fat and carbohydrates were similar for both groups of children. We observed that in vegetarian diet there is a high rate of fiber nearly twice as high as in omnivorous diet. Vegetarians had lower total cholesterol and HDL- and LDL-cholesterol concentrations than children on traditional mixed diet. There is no significant differences in triglyceride concentration between studied groups. The apolipoproteins levels in vegetarian children were significantly below that of omnivores. The serum concentration of leptin was lower in vegetarians (3.0 +/- 1.1 ng/mL) than in nonvegetarians (5.1 +/- 2.0 ng/mL) (p < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that vegetarian diet may be accompanied by lower serum leptin concentration. Further studies on large group of children are needed for understanding this problem better. FAU - Ambroszkiewicz, J
Vegetarian Diets in the Prevention and Management of Diabetes and Its Complications.; IN BRIEF Epidemiological studies have found a lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes among vegetarians compared to nonvegetarians. This reduced risk is likely a function of improved weight status, higher intake of dietary fiber, and the absence of animal protein and heme iron in the diet. Interventional studies have shown that vegetarian diets, especially a vegan diet, are effective tools in glycemic control and that these diets control plasma glucose to a greater level than do control diets, including diets traditionally recommended for patients with diabetes (e.g., diets based on carbohydrate counting). Vegetarian diets are associated with improvement in secondary outcomes such as weight reduction, serum lipid profile, and blood pressure. Studies indicate that vegetarian diets can be universally used in type 2 diabetes prevention and as tools to improve blood glucose management. FAU - Pawlak, Roman
Relationship of homocysteine with other risk factors and outcome of ischemic stroke.; OBJECTIVE: Hyperhomocysteinemia (HH) is an emerging risk factor for ischemic stroke but its role in outcome is controversial. We compare the risk factors, nature of stroke and outcome of patients with and without hyperhomocysteinemia. PATIENTS AND METHODS: CT proven ischemic stroke patients were included. The conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, obesity, smoking, and family history of stroke were recorded. Dietary history was noted. Fasting serum homocysteine (Hcy), B12 and folic acid were estimated after 1 month of stroke. Severity of stroke was assessed by Canadian Neurological Scale (CNS) and outcome at 3 months by Barthel Index (BI) score into good (BI > or = 12) and poor (BI < 12). Serum Hcy, B12 and folic acid were also estimated in 200 normal healthy volunteers. RESULTS: There were 198 patients with ischemic stroke whose median age was 56 years and 36 were females. In the study group, 41.4% patients were vegetarian, 55.1% hypertensive, 24.7% diabetic, 30.8% smoker, 61.1% sedentary and 28.8% obese. 23.2% had past history of stroke and 21.7% had stroke in their first degree relative. Serum cholesterol was elevated in 11.7% and LDL in 10.8% patients. Serum Hcy was elevated in 60.6% and serum B12 low in 25.7% and folic acid in 42.1%. Hcy levels correlated with serum B12 and LDL. Patients with hyperhomocysteinemia had significantly better outcome at 3 months. Hcy levels in stroke patients did not significantly differ from controls. CONCLUSION: Hyperhomocysteinemia is found in 60.6% stroke patients, which is related to low serum B12 level. Patients with hyperhomocysteinemia had a better 3-month outcome. FAU - Kalita, Jayantee
Distinct Genetic and Functional Traits of Human Intestinal Prevotella copri Strains Are Associated with Different Habitual Diets.; The role of intestinal Prevotella species in human health is controversial, with both positive and negative associations. Strain-level diversity may contribute to discrepancies in genus and species associations with health and disease. We dissected the gut metagenomes of Italians with varying dietary habits, investigating the presence of distinct Prevotella copri strains. Fiber-rich diets were linked to P. copri types with enhanced potential for carbohydrate catabolism. P. copri strains associated with an omnivore diet had a higher prevalence of the leuB gene-involved in branched-chain amino acid biosynthesis-a risk factor for glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. These P. copri pangenomes were compared to existing cohorts, providing evidence of distinct gene repertoires characterizing different P. copri populations, with drug metabolism and complex carbohydrate degradation significantly associated with Western and non-Western individuals, respectively. Strain-level P. copri diversity in gut microbiomes is affected by diet and should be considered when examining host-microbe associations.
Retrospective Evaluation of an Online Diabetes Health Coaching Program: A Pilot Study.; An estimated one third of American adults have prediabetes; over 30 million have type 2 diabetes mellitus. Health and wellness coaching is an emerging tool for preventing and treating chronic disease. Mastering Diabetes (MD) promotes a low-fat, plant-based, whole-food diet, utilizing online education, day-to-day accountability and support, and video conferencing. This pilot study provides a retrospective view of the effectiveness of MD to treat diabetes. Current and former clients of MD were invited to participate in a survey. On completion of the online consent, subjects were asked a series of questions in a REDCap-based survey: age, gender, enrollment date in MD, changes in weight, HbA1c, medication use, overall health, and current level of adherence to achieved changes. Overall, 253 (8.9%) participants responded to the survey; 80.6% were females, mean age was 56 years. Most of those responding (78.4%, P < .001) reported weight loss; 68.8% (P < .001) reported decreased HbA1c; 52.4% reported decreased medication use; 86.8% reported continued health improvement since having participated in MD; and 83.5% found the online program very helpful. This study demonstrated improvement in HbA1c and weight in participants in an online health and wellness coaching. Study limitations prevent drawing generalizable conclusions; further prospective evaluation is needed.
Omega-3 fatty acids for nutrition and medicine: considering microalgae oil as a vegetarian source of EPA and DHA.; Long-chain EPA/DHA omega-3 fatty acid supplementation can be co-preventative and co-therapeutic. Current research suggests increasing accumulated long chain omega-3s for health benefits and as natural medicine in several major diseases. But many believe plant omega-3 sources are nutritionally and therapeutically equivalent to the EPA/DHA omega-3 in fish oil. Although healthy, precursor ALA bio-conversion to EPA is inefficient and production of DHA is nearly absent, limiting the protective value of ALA supplementation from flax-oil, for example. Along with pollutants certain fish acquire high levels of EPA/DHA as predatory species. However, the origin of EPA/DHA in aquatic ecosystems is algae. Certain microalgae produce high levels of EPA or DHA. Now, organically produced DHA-rich microalgae oil is available. Clinical trials with DHA-rich oil indicate comparable efficacies to fish oil for protection from cardiovascular risk factors by lowering plasma triglycerides and oxidative stress. This review discusses 1) omega-3 fatty acids in nutrition and medicine; 2) omega-3s in physiology and gene regulation; 3) possible protective mechanisms of EPA/DHA in major diseases such as coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, cancer and type 2 diabetes; 4) EPA and DHA requirements considering fish oil safety; and 5) microalgae EPA and DHA-rich oils and recent clinical results. FAU - Doughman, Scott D
A cross-sectional study on food patterns and adiposity among individuals with abnormal glucose homeostasis.; BACKGROUND: Dietary habits play an important role in the prevention of chronic disease; however, few studies have assessed the major dietary patterns in Middle Eastern countries. This study identifies major dietary patterns among Iranian people with abnormal glucose homeostasis. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted at the Diabetes Research Center, Isfahan, Iran among 425 subjects with abnormal glucose homeostasis. Patients were of ages 35 - 55 years and had family histories of diabetes. We assessed dietary intake by the use of a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) that contained 39 food items. General obesity was defined as a BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 and central obesity was defined as waist circumference (WC) ≥ 88 in women and WC ≥ 102 in men. RESULTS: Five major dietary patterns were revealed by factor analysis: 'western', 'healthy', 'vegetarian', 'high-fat dairy', and 'chicken and plants'. Those in the top tertile of the 'western pattern' had greater odds for general (OR = 1.73; 95% CI = 1.07 - 2.78) and central obesity (OR = 2, 95% CI = 1.24 - 3.22), however these associations were not significant after adjustment for confounding variables. The 'high-fat dairy pattern' was associated with greater odds of general obesity only after adjusting for confounding variables (OR = 1.73; 95%CI = 1.01 - 2.96). CONCLUSION: The dietary pattern characterized by high intake of hydrogenated fat and sugar was shown to be positively associated with a risk of general and central obesity, however further prospective studies are required to confirm our findings. FAU - Amini, Massoud
Non-coding RNAs and Berberine: A new mechanism of its anti-diabetic activities.; Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) is a metabolic disease with high mortality and morbidity. Non-coding RNAs, including small and long non-coding RNAs, are a novel class of functional RNA molecules that regulate multiple biological functions through diverse mechanisms. Studies in the last decade have demonstrated that non-coding RNAs may represent compelling therapeutic targets and play important roles in regulating the course of insulin resistance and T2D. Berberine, a plant-based alkaloid, has shown promise as an anti-hyperglycaemic, anti-hyperlipidaemic agent against T2D. Previous studies have primarily focused on a diverse array of efficacy end points of berberine in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndromes and inflammation or oxidative stress. Currently, an increasing number of studies have revealed the importance of non-coding RNAs as regulators of the anti-diabetic effects of berberine. The regulation of non-coding RNAs has been associated with several therapeutic actions of berberine in T2D progression. Thus, this review summarizes the anti-diabetic mechanisms of berberine by focusing on its role in regulating non-coding RNA, thus demonstrating that berberine exerts global anti-diabetic effects by targeting non-coding RNAs and that these effects involve several miRNAs, lncRNAs and multiple signal pathways, which may enhance the current understanding of the anti-diabetic mechanism actions of berberine and provide new pathological targets for the development of berberine-related drugs.
Plant Foods, Antioxidant Biomarkers, and the Risk of Cardiovascular Disease, Cancer, and Mortality: A Review of the Evidence.; Although a high intake of plant foods such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and legumes has been recommended for chronic disease prevention, it has been unclear what is the optimal amount of intake of these foods and whether specific subtypes are particularly beneficial. The evidence from several recently published meta-analyses on plant foods and antioxidants and various health outcomes is reviewed as well as more recently published studies. In meta-analyses of prospective studies, inverse associations were observed between intake of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and nuts and the risk of coronary artery disease, stroke, cardiovascular disease overall, total cancer, and all-cause mortality. The strongest reductions in risk were observed at an intake of 800 g/d for fruits and vegetables, 225 g/d for whole grains, and 15-20 g/d for nuts, respectively. Whole-grain and nut consumption was also inversely associated with mortality from respiratory disease, infections, and diabetes. Stronger and more linear inverse associations were observed between blood concentrations of antioxidants (vitamin C, carotenoids, vitamin E) and cardiovascular disease, cancer, and all-cause mortality than for dietary intake. Most studies that have since been published have been consistent with these results; however, further studies are needed on subtypes of plant foods and less common causes of death. These results strongly support dietary recommendations to increase intake of plant foods, and suggest optimal intakes for chronic disease prevention may be ∼800 g/d for intakes of fruits and vegetables, 225 g/d for whole grains, and 15-20 g/d for nuts. Diets high in plant foods could potentially prevent several million premature deaths each year if adopted globally.
Dietary and lifestyle guidelines for the prevention of Alzheimer's disease.; Risk of developing Alzheimer's disease is increased by older age, genetic factors, and several medical risk factors. Studies have also suggested that dietary and lifestyle factors may influence risk, raising the possibility that preventive strategies may be effective. This body of research is incomplete. However, because the most scientifically supported lifestyle factors for Alzheimer's disease are known factors for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, it is reasonable to provide preliminary guidance to help individuals who wish to reduce their risk. At the International Conference on Nutrition and the Brain, Washington, DC, July 19-20, 2013, speakers were asked to comment on possible guidelines for Alzheimer's disease prevention, with an aim of developing a set of practical, albeit preliminary, steps to be recommended to members of the public. From this discussion, 7 guidelines emerged related to healthful diet and exercise habits.
Position of the academy of nutrition and dietetics: vegetarian diets.; It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that vegetarian diets can provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain health conditions, including atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Well-designed vegetarian diets that may include fortified foods or supplements meet current nutrient recommendations and are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence. Vegetarians must use special care to ensure adequate intake of vitamin B-12. Vegetarian diets are primarily plant-based, comprised of grains, legumes, nuts, seeds, vegetables, and fruit; do not include flesh foods (beef, pork, poultry and fowl, wild game, and fish); and may or may not include some animal products, such as dairy (milk and milk products), eggs, and processed foods that contain casein or whey. Although vegetarians may have a higher deficiency risk for some nutrients (eg, vitamin B-12) compared to nonvegetarians, nutritional deficiencies are not the main causes of mortality or morbidity in Western societies. Vegetarian diets are associated with a lower risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and some types of cancer; low-fat vegetarian diets, in combination with other healthy lifestyle factors, have been shown to be effective in the treatment of these diseases. Vegetarians have lower low-density lipoprotein, better serum glucose control, and lower oxidative stress. Low intake of foods containing saturated fat and cholesterol, and high intake of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, nuts and seeds, and soy products that are rich in fiber and phytochemicals are components of a vegetarian diet that contribute to reduction of chronic disease.
Lp(a) levels: effects of progressive chronic renal failure and dietary manipulation.; Patients with chronic renal failure (CRF) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Elevated lipoprotein(a) (LP(a)) levels have been shown to be an important risk factor for CVD. This study examined Lp(a) changes during the progression of renal disease in patients following different dietary regimens. Fifty-seven patients with CRF of different etiology and degree (mean age 58 +/- 10 yrs) were divided into four groups according to their serum creatinine (sCr) levels. The first group had sCr 1.5-3; the second 3-6; the third > 6, all on a conventional low-protein diet (CLPD), and the fourth had sCr > 6 on a supplemented vegetarian diet (SVD). Lp(a), apoproteins AI, B, E, CII, CIII, CII/CIII, Apo A/Apo B ratios and the lipid pattern (total cholesterol (TC) and its fractions LDL, HDL, HDL3 and triglycerides) were investigated. Patients with diabetes, proteinuria > 1.5 g/24 h, hepatic disease or taking contraceptives or lipid lowering drugs were excluded. Results were compared with a reference group (N = 12) with sCcr < 1. Lp(a) concentrations increased with the progression of renal failure, and a significant correlation was observed with sCr. Despite the elevated sCr levels, patients on the SVD had an almost normal Lp(a) concentration. Only 15% of the reference group had Lp(a) levels > 30 mg/dl, compared to 33%, 50% and 78% of the 1st, 2nd and 3rd groups and 38% of the 4th group. No relationship was found between Lp(a), lipids or apoproteins. Our results indicate that renal function influences Lp(a) levels and suggest a SVD helps to lower them. This might be ascribed to some antioxidant factors in the SVD. FAU - Monzani, G
Effects of a protective hydrolyzed casein diet upon the metabolic and secretory responses of pancreatic islets to IL-1beta, cytokine production by mesenteric lymph node cells, mitogenic and biosynthetic activities in Peyer's patch cells, and mitogenic activity in pancreatic lymph node cells from control and diabetes-prone BB rats.; The effects of substituting a plant-based control diabetogenic diet (NIH diet) by a protective hydrolyzed casein diet (HC diet) upon selected metabolic and functional variables were recently investigated in Peyer's patch cells, splenocytes, mesenteric lymph node cells, and pancreatic islets from either control (BBc) or diabetes-prone (BBdp) BB rats. In the present work, the plasma d-glucose and insulin concentrations, the protein and insulin content of pancreatic islets, the metabolism of d-glucose, and its insulinotropic action in islets first cultured for 24 h in the absence or presence of IL-1beta, the production of IFN-gamma and IL-10 by mesenteric lymph node cells cultured for 48 h in the absence or presence of concanavalin A, the mitogenic activity of Peyer's patch cells and pancreatic lymph node cells in the absence or presence of the same lectin, and the biosynthetic activity of Peyer's patch cells were measured in the BBc and BBdp rats fed either the NIH or the HC diet. Two major novel findings emerged from this study. First, in immune cells, diet HC increased to a greater extent the responsiveness to concanavalin A of certain metabolic and functional variables in BBdp rats than in BBc rats. Second, pancreatic islet cells of BBdp rats were less sensitive to IL-1beta than those of BBc rats and this difference was further accentuated when the animals were fed the HC rather than the NIH diet. These findings afford further support to the view that, in BB rats, changes in the biological behavior of Peyer's patch cells, mesenteric and pancreatic lymph node cells, and pancreatic islet cells participate in the pathogenesis of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and its prevention by a suitable dietary manipulation.
Red Meat Consumption (Heme Iron Intake) and Risk for Diabetes and Comorbidities?; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine the role of red meat consumption, especially heme iron intake, and risk for diabetes and its comorbidities. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies consistently show that consumption of red meat has been contributory to a multitude of chronic conditions such as diabetes, CVD, and malignancies. There are various emerging reasons that strengthen this link-from the basic constituents of red meat like the heme iron component, the metabolic reactions that take place after consumption, and finally to the methods used to cook it. The causative links show that even occasional use raises the risk of T2DM. Prior studies show how nitrites and nitrates in red meat can lead to increased insulin resistance, dysregulated blood glucose levels, and elevated oxidative stress all leading to chronic diseases. With the rise in these preventable chronic diseases, we examine how disease-causing links can be eliminated with appropriate lifestyle choices. FAU - Misra, Ranjita
The Mediterranean Diet: From an Environment-Driven Food Culture to an Emerging Medical Prescription. LID - 10.3390/ijerph16060942 [doi] LID - 942; The Mediterranean diet originates in the food cultures of ancient civilizations which developed around the Mediterranean Basin and is based on the regular consumption of olive oil (as the main source of added fat), plant foods (cereals, fruits, vegetables, legumes, tree nuts, and seeds), the moderate consumption of fish, seafood, and dairy, and low-to-moderate alcohol (mostly red wine) intake, balanced by a comparatively limited use of red meat and other meat products. A few decades ago, the Mediterranean diet drew the attention of medical professionals by proving extended health benefits. The first reports ascertained cardiovascular protection, as multiple large-scale clinical studies, starting with Ancel Keys' Seven Countries Study, showed a marked reduction of atherosclerotic clinical events in populations with a Mediterranean dietary pattern. Ensuing trials confirmed favorable influences on the risk for metabolic syndrome, obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cancer, and neurodegenerative diseases. While its health benefits are universally recognized today by medical professionals, the present state of the Mediterranean diet is challenged by major difficulties in implementing this protective dietary pattern in other geographical and cultural areas and keeping it alive in traditional Mediterranean territories, also tainted by the unhealthy eating habits brought by worldwide acculturation. FAU - Lăcătușu, Cristina-Mihaela
Low incidence of autoimmune type I diabetes in BB rats fed a hydrolysed casein-based diet associated with early inhibition of non-macrophage-dependent hyperexpression of MHC class I molecules on beta cells.; Diabetes-prone BioBreeding (DPBB) rats were fed a diabetogenic, mainly plant-based rodent diet, Purina Chow 5001, or a diabetes-retardant, hydrolysed casein-based diet. The expression of MHC class I antigens on pancreatic beta cells occurred at around 25 days of age in Purina Chow-fed rats, and progressively increased with the length of time of feeding with the Purina diet. Most of the Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats revealed hyperexpression of MHC class I antigens on their pancreatic beta cells by 50 days of age. Approximately 92% of the hyperexpressed Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats developed severe insulitis and diabetes. In contrast, the majority of hydrolysed casein-fed DPBB rats did not show MHC class I antigen hyperexpression and these rats failed to develop insulitis or diabetes. Purina Chow-fed Wistar-Furth rats and diabetes-resistant BioBreeding (DRBB) rats showed only very weak background staining for MHC class I antigens on their beta cells. When Purina Chow-fed (DPBB rats were treated with silica to inhibit macrophage infiltration into the pancreatic islets, the hyperexpression of MHC class I antigens was seen even more clearly, as beta cells remained intact. MHC class II antigens were not detected on pancreatic beta cells from DPBB, DRBB or Wistar-Furth rats, regardless of their diet. On the basis of these observations, we concluded that hyperexpression of MHC class I antigens on pancreatic beta cells was mainly restricted to Purina Chow-fed DPBB rats and that suppression of non-macrophage-dependent MHC class I antigen hyperexpression on pancreatic beta cells by a hydrolysed caseinbased diet resulted in the prevention of insulitis and diabetes. FAU - Li, X B
Pediatric Anti-Inflammatory Diet.; The anti-inflammatory diet is based on two diets that have been shown to have many positive health effects-the Mediterranean diet and the Okinawan diet. The anti-inflammatory diet is more than just a prescription for healthy food, but rather a way of life characterized by a plant-based diet and a pattern of living that includes eating a diverse range of locally grown foods eaten in season, conviviality, culinary activities, physical activity, and rest. The Mediterranean diet has been shown to reduce the burden and even prevent the development of cardiovascular disease, breast cancer, depression, colorectal cancer, diabetes, obesity, asthma, and cognitive decline in adults. In children, there is emerging evidence demonstrating beneficial effects with regard to obesity, cardiorespiratory fitness, diabetes, fatty liver, academic performance, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, asthma, and allergies. Maternal ingestion of the diet during pregnancy has also been shown to have positive effects on infants and children. [Pediatr Ann. 2019;48(6):e220-e225.].
A Clinician's Guide to Healthy Eating for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention.; Despite continued advances in health care, the cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality rate has plateaued in recent years and appears to be trending upward. Poor diet is a leading cause of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, which are leading contributors to CVD morbidity and mortality. Although dietary modification is a cornerstone of CVD prevention, implementation in clinical practice is limited by inadequate formal training in nutrition science. In this report, we review the individual components of a heart-healthy diet, evidence-based dietary recommendations, and the impact of diet on CVD risk factor prevention and management. Furthermore, we examine the unique difficulties of dietary counseling in low-socioeconomic-status environments and provide an evidence-based approach to better serve these populations. We utilized PubMed searches in adults with no date restriction with the following search terms: "carbohydrate," "fat," protein," "DASH," "Mediterranean," "plant-based," "vegetarian," "cardiovascular disease," "obesity," "weight loss," "diabetes," "socioeconomic status," and "race." In this review, we demonstrate that patients should focus on implementing a general diet plan that is high in fruits, whole grains, legumes, and nonstarchy vegetables while low in trans-fats, saturated fats, sodium, red meat, refined carbohydrates, and sugar-sweetened beverages. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension, Mediterranean, and vegetarian diets have the most evidence for CVD prevention. Clinicians should understand the barriers that patients may face in terms of access to healthy dietary choices. Further research is needed to determine the dietary changes that are most economically, socioculturally, and logistically feasible to reduce these barriers. Improvement in diet is a public health priority that can lead to a significant population-level reduction in CVD morbidity and mortality. It is imperative that clinicians understand current dietary practice guidelines and implement evidence-based dietary counseling in those at high risk for CVD. FAU - Pallazola, Vincent A
The importance of hyperhomocysteinemia as a risk factor for diseases: an overview.; Hyperhomocysteinemia is the result of a disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological studies have proven, that hyperhomocysteinemia is a risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Conflicting results come from prospective studies. Trials which are now in progress may clarify the "causality" of high homocysteine concentrations and will assess the value of homocysteine-lowering therapy. The induction of the atherogenic process by hyperhomocysteinemia seems to be associated with an alteration of endothelial and smooth muscle cell function leading to an accelerated formation of reactive oxygen species. An increased endothelial expression of adhesion molecules will then lead to an enhanced deposition of oxidized LDL in the vessel wall with the formation of foam cells. Additionally, hyperhomocysteinemia interferes with the coagulation system and thus also has prothrombotic effects. There is a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia as a sign of a vitamin deficiency in elderly subjects which strongly increases with age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B12 deficiency which can be diagnosed more reliably by the measurement of serum methylmalonic acid (MMA) level than by serum vitamin B12. Subjects following a strict vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia caused by functional vitamin B12 deficiency (increased MMA level). Last but not least, hyperhomocysteinemia is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and pre-eclampsia. An early diagnosis of vitamin B12 deficiency is important for the prevention of neurological damages. Homocysteine should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in obese subjects, in elderly people, in postmenopausal women, and in early pregnancy. A specific diagnosis of an underlying vitamin deficiency is important for adequate treatment. Individuals with homocysteine level >12 micromol/l should increase and/or supplement their dietary intake of vitamins. FAU - Herrmann, W
Atrial fibrillation risk factor management with a plant-based diet: A review.; Atrial fibrillation is the most prevalent cardiac arrhythmia in the clinical setting affecting approximately 34 million individuals worldwide. The disease is associated with a significant burden of morbidity and mortality resulting from stroke, heart failure, and acute coronary syndrome. Atrial fibrillation is now a major public health problem with tremendous implications on the economy and the world's healthcare systems. Numerous risk factors and clinical conditions that are associated with the development and progression of atrial fibrillation have been identified in the past. Within the last decades, a shift in awareness toward modifiable conditions has been observed and risk factor management has gained significant momentum. In light of this, dietary approaches are of paramount importance. Whole-food plant-based diets emphasizing grains, legumes, vegetables, fruits and nuts and excluding most (or all) animal products have recently experienced a significantly increased interest. The purpose of this review is to present evidence suggestive of a plant-based diet being a valuable tool in atrial fibrillation risk factor management. The effects of a plant-based diet on both established and emerging risk factors, such as inflammation and subclinical atherosclerosis, are reviewed in this article. A special focus is put on cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors including hypertension, coronary artery disease, diabetes, and obesity.
Mediterranean diet and health: food effects on gut microbiota and disease control.; The Mediterranean diet (MD) is considered one of the healthiest dietary models. Many of the characteristic components of the MD have functional features with positive effects on health and wellness. The MD adherence, calculated through various computational scores, can lead to a reduction of the incidence of major diseases (e.g., cancers, metabolic and cardiovascular syndromes, neurodegenerative diseases, type 2 diabetes and allergy). Furthermore, eating habits are the main significant determinants of the microbial multiplicity of the gut, and dietary components influence both microbial populations and their metabolic activities from the early stages of life. For this purpose, we present a study proposal relying on the generation of individual gut microbiota maps from MD-aware children/adolescents. The maps, based on meta-omics approaches, may be considered as new tools, acting as a systems biology-based proof of evidence to evaluate MD effects on gut microbiota homeostasis. Data integration of food metabotypes and gut microbiota "enterotypes" may allow one to interpret MD adherence and its effects on health in a new way, employable for the design of targeted diets and nutraceutical interventions in childcare and clinical management of food-related diseases, whose onset has been significantly shifted early in life. FAU - Del Chierico, Federica
Unhealthy lifestyle habits and diabetes-specific health-related quality of life in youths with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: Management of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) influences several aspects of life, such as adherence to healthy lifestyle habits and health-related quality of life (HRQoL). Our aim was to evaluate the association between unhealthy lifestyle habits and HRQoL in adolescents and young adults with T1DM. METHODS: Two hundred and forty-two Caucasian patients (13-19 years) consecutively enrolled over a 12-month period in three Regional Pediatric Diabetes Centers in Italy. Demographics, clinical, and laboratory parameters, adherence to lifestyle habits (Mediterranean Diet assessed by KIDMED, Physical Activity levels and sedentary behavior by questionnaire) considered either separately or in cluster, and HRQoL by Pediatric Quality of Life Inventory Diabetes Module (PedsQL 3.0 DM) were collected. Metabolic control was determined by HbA1c(mean) of previous year. RESULTS: Only 15 (6.2%) patients fulfilled the cluster of three healthy lifestyle habits without gender differences (p = 0.353); 62 (25.6%) had 1 unhealthy lifestyle habit, and 165 (68.2%) had ≥2. Adolescents meeting physical activity recommendations had better PedsQL scores than those who did not meet. PedsQL total score and specific sub-scales decreased in patients with unhealthy lifestyle habits. High PedsQL was significantly associated with being male, living in South Italy, having lower HbA1c mean levels, and reporting lower adherence to unhealthy lifestyle habits. CONCLUSIONS: The clustering of unhealthy lifestyle habits is associated with reduced HRQoL in adolescents and young adults with T1DM. Promoting multiple behavior changes may be a useful approach to improve the health status and the HRQoL in youths with T1DM. FAU - Mozzillo, Enza
Platycodon grandiflorum modifies adipokines and the glucose uptake in high-fat diet in mice and L6 muscle cells.; OBJECTIVES: Obesity and diabetes have become the most common human health problems worldwide. Obesity's contribution to type 2 diabetes might be due to dysregulation of adipokines and glucose uptake. METHODS: In this study, we performed in-vivo and in-vitro studies to evaluate the effects of Platycodon grandiflorum extract (PGE) on adipokines and glucose uptake. Before study, platycodin D concentrations were analysed by HPLC in PGE prepared in water, in 50% ethanol and in 80% ethanol, and we selected the 80% ethanol extract as the PGE for this study based on the HPLC results. KEY FINDINGS: We found that inclusion of PGE in the high-fat diet (HFD) markedly attenuated food intake, body weight, epididymal fat weight, adipocyte size and blood glucose levels by the oral glucose tolerance test in mice, and maintained serum levels of adiponectin, resistin, leptin, fructosamine and triglycerides. Gene expression analysis revealed that PGE up-regulated adiponectin, and down-regulated TNF-α and leptin in fat tissue. In L6 muscle cells in vitro, PGE increased insulin-stimulated glucose uptake. CONCLUSIONS:   We conclude that PGE may improve obesity in mice fed an HFD and glucose uptake in L6 muscle cells by modifying adipokines, and could offer clinical benefits as a supplement to treat obesity and diabetes.
Food restriction followed by refeeding with a casein- or whey-based diet differentially affects the gut microbiota of pre-pubertal male rats.; Researchers are gaining an increasing understanding of host-gut microbiota interactions, but studies of the role of gut microbiota in linear growth are scarce. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of food restriction and refeeding with different diets on gut microbiota composition in fast-growing rats. Young male Sprague-Dawley rats were fed regular rat chow ad libitum (control group) or subjected to 40% food restriction for 36 days followed by continued restriction or ad libitum refeeding for 24 days. Three different diets were used for refeeding: regular vegetarian protein chow or chow in which the sole source of protein was casein or whey. In the control group, the composition of the microbiota remained stable. Food restriction for 60 days led to a significant change in the gut microbiota at the phylum level, with a reduction in the abundance of Firmicutes and an increase in Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria. Rats refed with the vegetarian protein diet had a different microbiota composition than rats refed the casein- or whey-based diet. Similarities in the bacterial population were found between rats refed vegetarian protein or a whey-based diet and control rats, and between rats refed a casein-based diet and rats on continued restriction. There was a significant strong correlation between the gut microbiota and growth parameters: humerus length, epiphyseal growth plate height, and levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 and leptin. In conclusion, the type of protein in the diet significantly affects the gut microbiota and, thereby, may affect animal's health.
Diet-microbiota interactions and their implications for healthy living.; It is well established that diet influences the health of an individual and that a diet rich in plant-based foods has many advantages in relation to the health and well-being of an individual. What has been unclear until recently is the large contribution of the gut microbiota to this effect. As well as providing basic nutritional requirements, the long-term diet of an animal modifies its gut microbiota. In adults, diets that have a high proportion of fruit and vegetables and a low consumption of meat are associated with a highly diverse microbiota and are defined by a greater abundance of Prevotella compared to Bacteroides, while the reverse is associated with a diet that contains a low proportion of plant-based foods. Furthermore, it is becoming increasingly clear that the effect of the microbial ecology of the gut goes beyond the local gut immune system and is implicated in immune-related disorders, such as IBS, diabetes and inflamm-ageing. In this review, we investigate the evidence that a balanced diet leads to a balanced, diverse microbiota with significant consequences for healthy ageing by focusing on conditions of interest. FAU - Jeffery, Ian B
Short-Term Administration of Astaxanthin Attenuates Retinal Changes in Diet-Induced Diabetic Psammomys obesus.; OBJECTIVES: Psammomys obesus is a high-fat diet (HFD)-fed animal model of obesity and type 2 diabetes recently explored as a model of non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy. This study tested the protective effect of the pigment astaxanthin (AST) in the P. obesus diabetic retina. METHODS: Young adult P. obesus were randomly assigned to two groups. The control group received a normal diet consisting of a plant-based regimen, and the HFD group received an enriched laboratory chow. After 3 months, control and diabetic rodents were administered vehicle or AST, daily for 7 days. Body weight, blood glucose, and plasma pentosidine were assessed. Frozen sections of retinas were immunolabeled for markers of oxidative stress, glial reactivity and retinal ganglion cell bodies, and imaged by confocal microscopy. RESULTS: Retinal tissue from AST-treated control and HFD-diabetic P. obesus showed a greater expression of the antioxidant enzyme heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1). In retinas of HFD-diabetic AST-treated P. obesus, cellular retinaldehyde binding protein and glutamine synthetase in Müller cells were more intense compared to the untreated HFD-diabetic group. HFD-induced diabetes downregulated the expression of glial fibrillary acidic protein in astrocytes, the POU domain protein 3A in retinal ganglion cells, and synaptophysin throughout the plexiform layers. DISCUSSION: Our results show that type 2-like diabetes induced by HFD affected glial and neuronal retinal cell homeostasis. AST treatment induced the antioxidant enzyme HO-1 and reduced glial reactivity. These findings suggest that diabetic P. obesus is a useful model of HFD-induced obesity and diabetes to evaluate early neuroglial retinal alterations and antioxidant neuroprotection mechanisms in DR. FAU - Baccouche, Basma
Mediterranean diet rich in olive oil and obesity, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus.; After decades of epidemiological, clinical and experimental research, it has become clear that consumption of Mediterranean dietary patterns rich in olive oil has a profound influence on health outcomes, including obesity, metabolic syndrome (MetS) and diabetes mellitus. Traditionally, many beneficial properties associated with this oil have been ascribed to its high oleic acid content. Olive oil, however, is a functional food that, besides having high-monounsaturated (MUFA) content, contains other minor components with biological properties. In this line, phenolic compounds have shown antioxidant and antiinflammatory properties, prevent lipoperoxidation, induce favorable changes of lipid profile, improve endothelial function, and disclose antithrombotic properties. Research into the pharmacological properties of the minor components of olive oil is very active and could lead to the formulation of functional food and nutraceuticals. Although more data are mandatory the Mediterranean diet rich in olive oil does not contribute to obesity and appears to be a useful tool in the lifestyle management of the MetS. Moreover there is good scientific support for MUFA diets, especially those based on olive oil, as an alternative approach to low-fat diets for the medical nutritional therapy in diabetes. The objective of this review is to present evidence illustrating the relationship between Mediterranean diet, olive oil and metabolic diseases, including obesity, MetS and diabetes mellitus and to discuss potential mechanisms by which this food can help in disease prevention and treatment. FAU - Pérez-Martínez, Pablo
Effects on Health Outcomes of a Mediterranean Diet With No Restriction on Fat Intake: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Mediterranean diets may be healthier than typical Western diets. PURPOSE: To summarize the literature comparing a Mediterranean diet with unrestricted fat intake with other diets regarding their effects on health outcomes in adults. DATA SOURCES: Ovid MEDLINE, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from 1990 through April 2016. STUDY SELECTION: Controlled trials of 100 or more persons followed for at least 1 year for mortality, cardiovascular, hypertension, diabetes, and adherence outcomes, as well as cohort studies for cancer outcomes. DATA EXTRACTION: Data extracted by 1 investigator was verified by another. Two reviewers assessed risk of bias and strength of evidence. DATA SYNTHESIS: Two primary prevention trials found no difference in all-cause mortality between diet groups. One large primary prevention trial found that a Mediterranean diet resulted in a lower incidence of major cardiovascular events (hazard ratio [HR], 0.71 [95% CI, 0.56 to 0.90]), breast cancer (HR, 0.43 [CI, 0.21 to 0.88]), and diabetes (HR, 0.70 [CI, 0.54 to 0.92]). Pooled analyses of primary prevention cohort studies showed that compared with the lowest quantile, the highest quantile of adherence to a Mediterranean diet was associated with a reduction in total cancer mortality (risk ratio [RR], 0.86 [CI, 0.82 to 0.91]; 13 studies) and in the incidence of total (RR, 0.96 [CI, 0.95 to 0.97]; 3 studies) and colorectal (RR, 0.91 [CI, 0.84 to 0.98; 9 studies]) cancer. Of 3 secondary prevention studies reporting cardiovascular outcomes, 1 found a lower risk for recurrent myocardial infarction and cardiovascular death with the Mediterranean diet. There was inconsistent, minimal, or no evidence pertaining to any other outcome, including adherence, hypertension, cognitive function, kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and quality of life. LIMITATIONS: Few trials; medium risk-of-bias ratings for many studies; low or insufficient strength of evidence for outcomes; heterogeneous diet definitions and components. CONCLUSION: Limited evidence suggests that a Mediterranean diet with no restriction on fat intake may reduce the incidence of cardiovascular events, breast cancer, and type 2 diabetes mellitus but may not affect all-cause mortality. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Office of Research and Development, Quality Enhancement Research Initiative. (PROSPERO: CRD42015020262). FAU - Bloomfield, Hanna E
Intake of total saponins and polysaccharides from Polygonatum kingianum affects the gut microbiota in diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: The gut microbiota has been reported to play a critical role in metabolic diseases, including in diabetes. Polygonatum kingianum has been used in the treatment of diabetes and related diseases in China for centuries. Total saponins (TSPK) and total polysaccharides (PSPK) were reported to be major types of active constituents of P. kingianum. This research aims at investigation of their therapeutical mechanisms on diabetes based on the regulation of gut microbiota. STUDY DESIGN: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) rats were induced by high-fat diet (HFD) and streptozotocin-injection from male Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats. The blood biochemical indicators were measured. Intestinal microbial diversities and the overall structural changes in gut microbiota and the contents of the short chain fatty acids (SCFAs) were discussed. METHODS: T2D rats were treated with TSPK (0.025 and 0.1g/kg) and PSPK (0.1g/kg) for 56 days. Major biochemical indexes, such as fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS) and lipopolysaccharide (LPS), were measured. Intestinal microbial diversities and the overall structural changes in gut microbiota were discussed based on the sequencing results on V4 region of 16S rDNA. Moreover, the contents of the SCFAs in faeces, which were fermentation products produced from gut microbiota were determined by gas chromatography (GC). RESULTS: Oral administration of TSPK and PSPK prevented the increase of FBG. TSPK (0.025g/kg) enhancing the content of FINS at the end of research. Furthermore, TSPK and PSPK improved the intestinal microecology by decreasing the abundances of Bacteroidetes and Proteobacteria, and increasing that of Firmicutes. However, TSPK.L, PSPK and TSPK.H displayed discrepant regulation roles on Firmicutes. TSPK.L and PSPK significantly increased the abundance of Ruminococcaceae family and Ruminococcus genus in Firmicutes phylum, however, TSPK.H increased the abundances of Veillonellaceae family and Anaerovibrio genus. 57 Key variables, altered after treated by TSPK and PSPK, correlated to the alternations of FBG, FINS, LPS and body weight were identified. In addition, TSPK.L, PSPK and TSPK.H showed different adjustment on the contents of SCFAs. CONCLUSION: These results suggested that, compared to the normal rats, the structure of gut microbiota was significantly changed in diabetic rats. Oral administration with TSPK and PSPK could prevent T2D by its regulation role on the gut microbiota.
Nutrition of children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes in the recommendations of the Mediterranean diet.; INTRODUCTION: The nutrition of children and adolescents significantly affects the physical and mental development of those suffering from type 1 diabetes and their healthy peers. Nutrition rules for children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes do not differ from the principles of feeding their healthy peers. Hence, the demand for individual nutrients in type 1 diabetes and healthy people is the same. The nutrition of children and adolescents should meet the recommendations of the Institute of Food and Nutrition and the Polish Diabetes Association. AIM OF THE STUDY: Aim of the study is to present a pattern of nutrition for children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes, treated with intensive insulin therapy using the Mediterranean diet, which was recognised by the World Health Organization as a model of a healthy diet for both children and adults. Through the participation of a large number of natural products, it has antioxidant, chemopreventive, and anti-inflammatory effects, it reduces the level of triglycerides and cholesterol, as well as postprandial glycaemia. CONCLUSIONS: Żywienie dzieci i młodzieży istotnie wpływa na rozwój fizyczny i psychiczny dziecka - zarówno chorego na cukrzycę typu 1, jak i zdrowego. Zasady odżywiania dzieci i młodzieży z cukrzycą typu 1 nie różnią się od zasad żywienia ich zdrowych rówieśników. Dlatego też zapotrzebowanie na poszczególne składniki pokarmowe u dzieci chorych na cukrzycę typu 1 oraz dla zdrowych jest takie samo. Sposób odżywiania dzieci i młodzieży powinien spełniać zalecenia Instytutu Żywności i Żywienia oraz Polskiego Towarzystwa Diabetologicznego. FAU - Mańkiewicz-Żurawska, Irena
Nutritional intake of children and adolescents with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in crete, Greece. A case-control study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: The incidence of childhood insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is rapidly increasing in Greece. The aim of this study was to examine nutrient patterns of children and adolescents with IDDM in Crete. METHODS: A case-control survey of eating habits was conducted among 41 children and adolescents, aged 6-17 years, with IDDM (cases) and healthy sex- and age-matched controls, recruited from Heraklion University Hospital and the village of Rouvas, Crete, respectively. Dietary data was based on 24-hour recall records. RESULTS: Dietary intake was similar between the groups. Both groups exceeded the recommendations for total and saturated fat and consumed lower than recommended amounts of dietary fibre and total carbohydrates. Children with IDDM consumed more dairy products and vegetables and less meats and cereals. Vegetables were consumed by a relatively high proportion of children and adolescents in both groups, but there was a higher proportion of fruit consumers amongst the IDDM group. For those who ate fruit and vegetables, intake approximated current recommendations of 400 g/day. CONCLUSIONS: The need to increase complex carbohydrates and reduce the consumption of total and saturated fat, in order to approach the traditional dietary pattern of Crete for this population, should be addressed via appropriate nutrition education programmes.
Dietary intake of key nutrients and subarachnoid hemorrhage: a population-based case-control study in Australasia.; BACKGROUND: A healthy, balanced diet can prevent stroke, but little is known about dietary risk factors for subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). We aimed to determine the relationship between common dietary habits and risk of SAH. METHODS: In a population-based, case-control study of SAH undertaken across 4 Australasian cities, a standardized questionnaire was used to obtain information on the frequency of consumption of 15 common food items and alcohol in incident cases (n = 383) and frequency-matched community controls (n = 473). Logistic regression models were used to estimate the independent effects of these dietary factors, after adjusting for conventional risk factors for SAH. Data are reported with odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: The risk of SAH rose with increasing consumption of fat or skin on meat (p trend = 0.04), being highest in those with consumption >4 times weekly compared with no fat or skin on meat (adjusted OR 1.70, 95% CI 1.09-2.66), while use of skim or reduced-fat milk (p trend = 0.01) and fruit (p trend = 0.04) was associated with a reduced risk of SAH compared with rare use. Among people with a history of hypertension, frequently adding salt to food was associated with an increased risk of SAH, irrespective of whether they were (OR 2.58, 95% CI 1.29-5.13) or were not (OR 2.88, 95% CI 1.46-5.70) currently taking antihypertensive treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Frequent intake of fat appears to be associated with an increased risk of SAH, particularly in people with hypertension, while frequent use of skim or reduced-fat milk and fruit appears protective for SAH.
Improved clinical outcomes of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus utilizing integrative medicine: a case report.; This case report demonstrates a successful approach to managing patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2). Botanical herbs (including Gymnema sylvestre) and nutrients (including alpha lipoic acid and chromium) were used alongside metformin to help improve insulin sensitization; however, the greatest emphasis of treatment for this patient centered on a low-carbohydrate, whole-foods diet and regular exercise that shifted the focus to the patient's role in controlling their disease. Research on DM2 often focuses on improving drug efficacy while diet and lifestyle are generally overlooked as both a preventive and curative tool. During the 7 months of treatment, the patient's hemoglobin A1c and fasting glucose significantly decreased to within normal ranges and both cholesterol and liver enzyme markers normalized. A significant body of evidence already exists advocating for disease management using various diets, including Mediterranean, low-carb, and low-fat vegan diets; however, no clear dietary standards have been established. This study supports the use of naturopathic medicine as well as dietary and lifestyle changes to develop the most efficacious approach for the treatment of DM2. FAU - Grise, Diane E
Complementary feeding: a commentary by the ESPGHAN Committee on Nutrition.; This position paper on complementary feeding summarizes evidence for health effects of complementary foods. It focuses on healthy infants in Europe. After reviewing current knowledge and practices, we have formulated these conclusions: Exclusive or full breast-feeding for about 6 months is a desirable goal. Complementary feeding (ie, solid foods and liquids other than breast milk or infant formula and follow-on formula) should not be introduced before 17 weeks and not later than 26 weeks. There is no convincing scientific evidence that avoidance or delayed introduction of potentially allergenic foods, such as fish and eggs, reduces allergies, either in infants considered at increased risk for the development of allergy or in those not considered to be at increased risk. During the complementary feeding period, >90% of the iron requirements of a breast-fed infant must be met by complementary foods, which should provide sufficient bioavailable iron. Cow's milk is a poor source of iron and should not be used as the main drink before 12 months, although small volumes may be added to complementary foods. It is prudent to avoid both early (<4 months) and late (>or=7 months) introduction of gluten, and to introduce gluten gradually while the infant is still breast-fed, inasmuch as this may reduce the risk of celiac disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus, and wheat allergy. Infants and young children receiving a vegetarian diet should receive a sufficient amount ( approximately 500 mL) of breast milk or formula and dairy products. Infants and young children should not be fed a vegan diet. FAU - Agostoni, Carlo
Lower Circulating B12 Is Associated with Higher Obesity and Insulin Resistance during Pregnancy in a Non-Diabetic White British Population.; OBJECTIVE: Vitamin B12 and folate are critical micronutrients needed to support the increased metabolic demands of pregnancy. Recent studies from India have suggested that low vitamin B12 and folate concentrations in pregnancy are associated with increased obesity; however differences in diet, antenatal vitamin supplementation, and socioeconomic status may limit the generalisability of these findings. We aimed to explore the cross-sectional relationship of circulating serum vitamin B12 and folate at 28 weeks' gestation with maternal adiposity and related biochemical markers in a white non diabetic UK obstetric cohort. METHODS: Anthropometry and biochemistry data was available on 995 women recruited at 28 weeks gestation to the Exeter Family Study of Childhood Health. Associations between B12 and folate with maternal BMI and other obesity-related biochemical factors (HOMA-R, fasting glucose, triglycerides, HDL and AST) were explored using regression analysis, adjusting for potential confounders (socioeconomic status, vegetarian diet, vitamin supplementation, parity, haemodilution (haematocrit)). RESULTS: Higher 28 week BMI was associated with lower circulating vitamin B12 (r = -0.25; P<0.001) and folate (r = -0.15; P<0.001). In multiple regression analysis higher 28 week BMI remained an independent predictor of lower circulating B12 (β (95% CI) = -0.59 (-0.74, -0.44) i.e. for every 1% increase in BMI there was a 0.6% decrease in circulating B12). Other markers of adiposity/body fat metabolism (HOMA-R, triglycerides and AST) were also independently associated with circulating B12. In a similar multiple regression AST was the only independent obesity-related marker associated with serum folate (β (95% CI) = 0.16 (0.21, 0.51)). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, our study has replicated the previous Indian findings of associations between lower serum B12 and higher obesity and insulin resistance during pregnancy in a non-diabetic White British population. These findings may have important implications for fetal and maternal health in obese pregnancies. FAU - Knight, Bridget Ann
[Consumption of nuts and vegetal oil in people with type 1 diabetes mellitus].; INTRODUCTION: Recent studies have demonstrated the cardiovascular benefits of the Mediterranean Diet, enriched with olive oil and nuts. People with diabetes, who have an increased risk of cardiovascular complications, could benefit greatly from following this type of eating pattern. OBJECTIVE: Analysis of vegetable fats intake from nuts and olive oil in patients with 1 Diabetes Mellitus type (DM1). METHODS: Transverse descriptive study comparing 60 people with type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (DM1) with 60 healthy individuals. We collect the frequency of consumption of vegetable oils and nuts and calculate the contribution of these foods in mono and polyunsaturated fatty acids (oleic acid, linoleic acid and α-linolenic acid). For data collection we designed a food frequency questionnaire specifically. We also collect anthropometric variables, cardiovascular risk factors and diabetes-related variables. RESULTS: Vegetable fat intake from vegetable oils (3.02 ± 1.14 vs 3.07 ± 1.27 portions/day, P = 0.822) and nuts (1.35 ± 2.24 vs 1.60 ± 2.44 portions/week, P = 0.560), was similar in both groups. The DM1 group consumed fewer portions of olive oil daily than the control group (2.55 ± 1.17 vs 3.02 ± 1.34 portions/day, P = 0.046). We detected a significantly lower intake of α-linolenic acid in the control group (1.13 ± 2.06 versus 2.64 ± 4.37 g/day, p = 0.018) while there were not differences in the rest of fatty acids (oleic acid 28.30 ± 18.13 vs 29.53 ± 16.90 g/day, P = 0.703; linoleic 13.70 ± 16.80 vs 15.45 ± 19.90 g/day, P = 0.605). In DM1, it not demonstrated an influence of the intake of vegetable fats and oils from nuts in the anthropometric, metabolic and diabetes-specific variables. CONCLUSIONS: In people with DM1, total intake of vegetable oils and nuts do not differ from the general population. However, the consumption of olive oil and the contribution of α-linolenic fatty acid derived from such fats are slightly lower than the general population. Although intake of vegetable oils and nuts in people with DM1 is not related to metabolic parameters, or progression of complications of diabetes, it is reasonable to increase their intake, given the recognized benefits of this type of food.
Antidiabetic plant-derived nutraceuticals: a critical review.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the major health problems in the world, especially amongst the urban population. Chemically synthesized drugs used to decrease the ill effects of DM and its secondary complications cause adverse side effects, viz., weight gain, gastrointestinal disturbances, and heart failure. Currently, various other approaches, viz., diet control, physical exercise and use of antidiabetic plant-derived molecules/foods are advocated to manage DM, as they are economical with fewer or no side effects. This review mainly focuses on antidiabetic plants, chemically characterized plant molecules and plant-based foods in the treatment of DM. Very little science-based evidence is available on the mechanism of action of plant-derived food molecules on the DM targets. Critical DM targets include α-amylase, α-glucosidase, DPP-IV, aldose reductase, PPAR-γ, AMP kinase and GLUT4. In-depth studies carried out on a few of those targets with specific mechanisms of action are addressed in this review. This review may help future researchers in identifying a right plant molecule to treat DM or to develop food formulations for DM management. FAU - Naveen, Jayapal
Mediterranean diet and the metabolic syndrome.; The metabolic syndrome (also referred to as syndrome X or the insulin resistance syndrome) has emerged as an important cluster of risk factors for atherosclerotic disease. Patients with the syndrome also are at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. Common features are central (abdominal) obesity, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. Weight reduction deserves first priority in individuals with abdominal obesity and the metabolic syndrome. Both weight reduction and maintenance of a lower weight are best achieved by a combination of reduced caloric intake and increased physical activity. Dietary patterns close to the Mediterranean diet and rich in fruit and vegetables, and high in monounsaturated fats are negatively associated with features of the metabolic syndrome. Some recent studies dealing specifically with the effect of interventions on the resolution of the metabolic syndrome have demonstrated a 25% net reduction in the prevalence of the syndrome following lifestyle changes mainly based on nutritional recommendations. Similar rates of resolution have been obtained with drugs, such as rosiglitazone and rimonabant. The favourable benefit/hazard ratio makes Mediterranean-style diets particularly promising to reduce the cardiovascular burden associated with the metabolic syndrome. FAU - Esposito, Katherine
Gut microbiota and Ma-Pi 2 macrobiotic diet in the treatment of type 2 diabetes.; In the past 10 years the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has increased hugely worldwide, driven by a rise in the numbers of overweight and obese individuals. A number of diets have been shown to be effective for the management of T2DM: the Mediterranean diet, the vegetarian diet and the low-calorie diet. Results of studies clearly indicate, however, that the efficacy of these diets is not solely related to the biochemical structure of the individual nutrients they contain. This review discusses this point with reference to the potential role of the intestinal microbiota in diabetes. The macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet is rich in carbohydrates, whole grains and vegetables, with no animal fat or protein or added sugar. In short- and medium-term trials conducted in patients with T2DM, the Ma-Pi 2 diet has been found to significantly improve indicators of metabolic control, including fasting blood glucose, glycosylated hemoglobin, the serum lipid profile, body mass index, body weight and blood pressure. The diet may also alter the gut microbiota composition, which could additionally affect glycemic control. As a result, the Ma-Pi 2 diet could be considered a valid additional short- to medium-term treatment for T2DM. FAU - Fallucca, Francesco
A hospital based study of prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in an urban population of India.; OBJECTIVE: A cross-sectional institutional-based study was undertaken to know the prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) among Indian pregnant women. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 325 pregnant women were screened for evidence of diabetes who were previously not known to be diabetic. They underwent 75 g, 2 hour, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Chi-square test was done for statistically association of variables in GDM. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study indicate that bad obstetrics history, obese patient on high calorie diet especially non vegetarian diet with less physical activity are highly prone to develop GDM. FAU - Jali, M V
Olive oil and health: summary of the II international conference on olive oil and health consensus report, Jaén and Córdoba (Spain) 2008.; Olive oil (OO) is the most representative food of the traditional Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet). Increasing evidence suggests that monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) as a nutrient, OO as a food, and the MedDiet as a food pattern are associated with a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and hypertension. A MedDiet rich in OO and OO per se has been shown to improve cardiovascular risk factors, such as lipid profiles, blood pressure, postprandial hyperlipidemia, endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and antithrombotic profiles. Some of these beneficial effects can be attributed to the OO minor components. Therefore, the definition of the MedDiet should include OO. Phenolic compounds in OO have shown antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, prevent lipoperoxidation, induce favorable changes of lipid profile, improve endothelial function, and disclose antithrombotic properties. Observational studies from Mediterranean cohorts have suggested that dietary MUFA may be protective against age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. Recent studies consistently support the concept that the OO-rich MedDiet is compatible with healthier aging and increased longevity. In countries where the population adheres to the MedDiet, such as Spain, Greece and Italy, and OO is the principal source of fat, rates of cancer incidence are lower than in northern European countries. Experimental and human cellular studies have provided new evidence on the potential protective effect of OO on cancer. Furthermore, results of case-control and cohort studies suggest that MUFA intake including OO is associated with a reduction in cancer risk (mainly breast, colorectal and prostate cancers).
Treatment of reactive hypoglycemia with the macrobiotic Ma-pi 2 diet as assessed by continuous glucose monitoring: The MAHYP randomized crossover trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Nutritional therapy is recommended for management of reactive hypoglycemia (RH), a condition characterized by hypoglycemia that occurs within four hours after a meal. The macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet improves glycemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes. We explored the effect of this diet on outcomes in non-diabetic individuals with RH. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twelve subjects with RH were randomized to the Ma-Pi 2 diet for three days and a control diet for three days in a randomized crossover design. Subjects received snacks on two days out of each three-day period only, and were monitored using continuous glucose monitoring. The 24-h period was divided into daytime (08:00-22:30h [subdivided into 'daytime without snacks' and 'daytime with snacks']) and night-time (22:31-07:59h). The effects of the two diets on the number of RH events (blood glucose <70mg/dL [3.9mmol/L]) and the percentage distribution of glucose readings within each of 16 glycemic intervals from <40mg/dL (2.2mmol/L) to >180mg/dL (4.4mmol/L) were determined. RESULTS: There were significantly fewer RH events on the Ma-Pi 2 diet than the control diet during daytime without snacks (-2.5 events; 95% CI: -7.5, 0.0; P=0.022) and daytime with snacks (-4.25 events; 95% CI: -7.5; -2.0; P=0.013) but no difference at night. The percentage of glucose readings in the interval 71-80mg/dL (3.9-4.4mmol/L) was significantly higher on the control diet during daytime with and without snacks (P=0.03 for both), while the percentage of glucose readings in the interval 91-100mg/dL (5.1-5.6mmol/L) was significantly higher on the Ma-Pi 2 diet during daytime without snacks (P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: The macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet reduced blood glucose excursions during the day, thereby facilitating glycemic control in subjects with RH. The Ma-Pi 2 diet represents an effective nutritional tool for management of RH.
Comparative Evaluation of Biomarkers of Inflammation Among Indian Women With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) Consuming Vegetarian vs. Non-vegetarian Diet.; Background: Sub-inflammation and insulin resistance characterize women with PCOS. Data on dietary modulation of inflammation among PCOS women is scant, particularly from Indian subcontinent. The present study aimed to assess the effect of plant based vs. animal origin diets on serum markers of inflammation (primary outcome measure). Methods: This observational case-control study compared age and BMI matched PCOS and apparently healthy women from two populations following different dietary practices. The vegetarian women from New-Delhi (n = 82 PCOS and n = 179 healthy) and non-vegetarian women from Srinagar (n = 62 PCOS and n = 141 healthy) formed the groups. Using a uniform methodology, detailed clinical, biochemical, hormonal, and inflammatory marker assessment was undertaken. Results: The mean age of the overall cohort was 26.23 ± 4.59 years with a mean BMI of 24.39 ± 3.72 kg/m(2). Overall pro-inflammatory markers (TNF-α, IL-6, IL-1β, hs-CRP and serum resistin) were significantly higher (p ≤ 0.05) and anti-inflammatory markers (IL-10 and adiponectin) were lower among women with PCOS than healthy subjects. On comparing vegetarian women with non-vegetarians, higher daily calorie intake (1895.46 ± 258.19 vs. 1860.13 ± 323.96 Kcal) with a higher protein and fat and lower carbohydrate intake was recorded in the latter, although the percent energy derived from carbohydrates was higher among vegetarians. Clinical and biochemical parameters were comparable among the groups except mFG score, total serum testosterone and serum lipid levels which were higher among non-vegetarian women as compared to their vegetarian counterparts from both categories (PCOS and healthy). Interestingly, vegetarian women with PCOS and healthy women had higher serum pro-inflammatory and lower anti-inflammatory markers compared to their non-vegetarian counterparts. Conclusion: Women with PCOS consuming Indian vegetarian diet have higher pro-inflammatory and lower anti-inflammatory marker levels than their age and BMI matched healthy non-vegetarian counterparts. This interesting observation can be attributed to the dietary composition, among other factors and needs confirmation from well-designed randomized studies on a larger cohort. Clinical Trial Registration: The study was registered with CTRI database under registration number CTRI/2013/09/003996.
Dietary pattern associated with selenoprotein P and MRI-derived body fat volumes, liver signal intensity, and metabolic disorders.; PURPOSE: The association of complex dietary patterns with circulating selenoprotein P (SELENOP) levels in humans is unknown. In a general population sample, we aimed to identify a dietary pattern explaining inter-individual variation in circulating SELENOP concentrations and to study this pattern in relation to prevalent diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), MRI-determined total volumes of visceral (VAT) and subcutaneous (SAT) abdominal adipose tissue, and liver signal intensity/fatty liver disease. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, serum SELENOP levels were measured in 853 individuals. In a subsample of 553 participants, whole-body MRI was performed to assess body fat distribution and liver fat. Dietary intake was assessed by a self-administered food frequency questionnaire and the dietary pattern identified using reduced-rank regression (RRR). Multivariable linear and logistic regressions were used to investigate associations between dietary pattern score and metabolic traits. RESULTS: Characterized by high intake of fruit, vegetables and antioxidant beverages, the RRR-derived dietary pattern displayed inverse associations with VAT, SAT, MetS, and prevalent diabetes in multivariable-adjusted restricted cubic splines. Each unit increase in dietary pattern score was associated with 31% higher SELENOP levels, 12% lower VAT (95% CI: - 19%; - 5%), 13% (95% CI: - 20%; - 6%) lower SAT values and 46% (95% CI: 27%; 60%) and 53% (95% CI: 22%; 72%) lower odds of having MetS or diabetes, respectively. No meaningful relations were observed between the dietary pattern and liver traits. CONCLUSIONS: Our observations propose diet-related regulation in SELENOP levels and that the identified dietary pattern is inversely related to VAT, SAT, MetS, and prevalent diabetes. FAU - di Giuseppe, Romina
In vitro inhibitory effects of plant-based foods and their combinations on intestinal α-glucosidase and pancreatic α-amylase.; BACKGROUND: Plant-based foods have been used in traditional health systems to treat diabetes mellitus. The successful prevention of the onset of diabetes consists in controlling postprandial hyperglycemia by the inhibition of α-glucosidase and pancreatic α-amylase activities, resulting in aggressive delay of carbohydrate digestion to absorbable monosaccharide. In this study, five plant-based foods were investigated for intestinal α-glucosidase and pancreatic α-amylase. The combined inhibitory effects of plant-based foods were also evaluated. Preliminary phytochemical analysis of plant-based foods was performed in order to determine the total phenolic and flavonoid content. METHODS: The dried plants of Hibiscus sabdariffa (Roselle), Chrysanthemum indicum (chrysanthemum), Morus alba (mulberry), Aegle marmelos (bael), and Clitoria ternatea (butterfly pea) were extracted with distilled water and dried using spray drying process. The dried extracts were determined for the total phenolic and flavonoid content by using Folin-Ciocateu's reagent and AlCl3 assay, respectively. The dried extract of plant-based food was further quantified with respect to intestinal α-glucosidase (maltase and sucrase) inhibition and pancreatic α-amylase inhibition by glucose oxidase method and dinitrosalicylic (DNS) reagent, respectively. RESULTS: The phytochemical analysis revealed that the total phenolic content of the dried extracts were in the range of 230.3-460.0 mg gallic acid equivalent/g dried extract. The dried extracts contained flavonoid in the range of 50.3-114.8 mg quercetin equivalent/g dried extract. It was noted that the IC50 values of chrysanthemum, mulberry and butterfly pea extracts were 4.24±0.12 mg/ml, 0.59±0.06 mg/ml, and 3.15±0.19 mg/ml, respectively. In addition, the IC50 values of chrysanthemum, mulberry and butterfly pea extracts against intestinal sucrase were 3.85±0.41 mg/ml, 0.94±0.11 mg/ml, and 4.41±0.15 mg/ml, respectively. Furthermore, the IC50 values of roselle and butterfly pea extracts against pancreatic α-amylase occurred at concentration of 3.52±0.15 mg/ml and 4.05±0.32 mg/ml, respectively. Combining roselle, chrysanthemum, and butterfly pea extracts with mulberry extract showed additive interaction on intestinal maltase inhibition. The results also demonstrated that the combination of chrysanthemum, mulberry, or bael extracts together with roselle extract produced synergistic inhibition, whereas roselle extract showed additive inhibition when combined with butterfly pea extract against pancreatic α-amylase. CONCLUSIONS: The present study presents data from five plant-based foods evaluating the intestinal α-glucosidase and pancreatic α-amylase inhibitory activities and their additive and synergistic interactions. These results could be useful for developing functional foods by combination of plant-based foods for treatment and prevention of diabetes mellitus. FAU - Adisakwattana, Sirichai
Food and dietary pattern-based recommendations: an emerging approach to clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy in diabetes.; Clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) for the nutritional management of diabetes mellitus have evolved considerably over the last 25 years. As major diabetes associations have focussed on the individualization of nutrition therapy, there has been a move toward a broader more flexible macronutrient distribution that emphasizes macronutrient quality over quantity. There is now a call for the integration of food- and dietary pattern-based approaches into diabetes association CPGs. The main argument has been that an approach that focuses on nutrients alone misses important nutrient interactions oversimplifying the complexity of foods and dietary patterns, both of which have been shown to have a stronger influence on disease risk than nutrients alone. Although cancer and heart associations have begun to integrate this approach into their dietary guidelines, diabetes associations have not yet adopted this approach. We provide a rationale for the adoption of this approach for The Canadian Diabetes Association (CDA) 2013 CPGs for nutrition therapy. The systematic review for the development of these guidelines revealed emerging evidence to support the use of vegetarian, Mediterranean, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) dietary patterns as well as specific foods such as dietary pulses and nuts in people with diabetes. Popular and conventional weight loss diets were also found to have similar advantages in people with diabetes, although poor dietary adherence remains an issue with these diets. The CDA 2013 CPGs will support an even greater individualization of nutrition therapy for people with diabetes and appeal to a broader range of practice styles of health professionals.
Mediterranean diet, cardiovascular disease and mortality in diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical trials.; To update the clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies and randomized clinical trials (RCTs) to evaluate the effect of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) incidence and mortality. We searched Medline, EMBASE (through April 20, 2018) and Cochrane (through May 7, 2018) databases. Pooled relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated by the generic inverse variance method. A total of 41 reports (3 RCTs and 38 cohorts) were included. Meta-analyses of RCTs revealed a beneficial effect of the MedDiet on total CVD incidence (RR: 0.62; 95% CI: 0.50, 0.78) and total myocardial infarction (MI) incidence (RR: 0.65; 95% CI: 0.49, 0.88). Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies, which compared the highest versus lowest categories of MedDiet adherence, revealed an inverse association with total CVD mortality (RR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.77, 0.82), coronary heart disease (CHD) incidence (RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.62, 0.86), CHD mortality (RR: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.75, 0.92), stroke incidence (RR: 0.80; 95% CI: 0.71, 0.90), stroke mortality (RR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.80, 0.96) and MI incidence (RR: 0.73; 95% CI: 0.61, 0.88). The present study suggests that MedDiet has a beneficial role on CVD prevention in populations inclusive of individuals with diabetes. FAU - Becerra-Tomás, Nerea
[Diet and nutrition interventions prevent gestational diabetes mellitus].; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications during pregnancy, with rising trend over the years. Dietary nutrient intake (protein, fat and fatty acids, carbohydrate, vitamin D, vitamin E, iron, zinc, selenium and inositol et al.), dietary pattern and probiotics may be related to GDM occurrence. Dietary factors are modifiable factors for preventing GDM. The study reviewed the roles of these dietary factors in preventing GDM. Results showed that plant-based dietary pattern may lower the risk of GDM and dietary pattern characterized with high animal protein, high fat and low carbohydrate may increase the risk of GDM. It warrants further studies that nutrient supplementation may prevent pregnant women from GDM. Diverse diet based on plant and cereal food should be promote for healthy and appropriate weight gain during pregnancy. FAU - Yang, Z Y
Does cooking with vegetable oils increase the risk of chronic diseases?: a systematic review.; Overweight/obesity, CVD and type 2 diabetes are strongly associated with nutritional habits. High consumption of fried foods might increase the risk of these disorders. However, it is not clear whether the use of vegetables oils for cooking increases the risk of chronic diseases. We systematically searched for published studies that assessed the association between vegetable oil consumption including fried food consumption and the risk of overweight/obesity or weight gain, T2DM or the metabolic syndrome, and CVD or hypertension in the following databases: PubMed; Web of Science; Google Scholar. Keywords such as 'fried food' or 'vegetable oil' or 'frying' or 'frying oils' or 'dietary fats' and 'weight gain' or 'overweight' or 'obesity' or 'CHD' or 'CVD' or 'type 2 diabetes' or 'metabolic syndrome' were used in the primary search. Additional published reports were obtained through other sources. A total of twenty-three publications were included based on specific selection criteria. Based on the results of the studies included in the present systematic review, we conclude that (1) the myth that frying foods is generally associated with a higher risk of CVD is not supported by the available evidence; (2) virgin olive oil significantly reduces the risk of CVD clinical events, based on the results of a large randomised trial that included as part of the intervention the recommendation to use high amounts of virgin olive oil, also for frying foods; and (3) high consumption of fried foods is probably related to a higher risk of weight gain, though the type of oil may perhaps modify this association. FAU - Sayon-Orea, Carmen
Diets for Health: Goals and Guidelines.; Diet is the single most significant risk factor for disability and premature death. Patients and physicians often have difficulty staying abreast of diet trends, many of which focus primarily on weight loss rather than nutrition and health. Recommending an eating style can help patients make positive change. Dietary patterns that support health include the Mediterranean diet, the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet, the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, and the Healthy Eating Plate. These approaches have benefits that include prevention of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and obesity. These dietary patterns are supported by strong evidence that promotes a primary focus on unprocessed foods, fruits and vegetables, plant-based fats and proteins, legumes, whole grains, and nuts. Added sugars should be limited to less than 5% to 10% of daily caloric intake. Vegetables (not including potatoes) and fruits should make up one-half of each meal. Carbohydrate sources should primarily include beans/legumes, whole grains, fruits, and vegetables. An emphasis on monounsaturated fats, such as olive oil, avocados, and nuts, and omega-3 fatty acids, such as flax, cold-water fish, and nuts, helps prevent cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cognitive decline. A focus on foods rather than macronutrients can assist patients in understanding a healthy diet. Addressing barriers to following a healthy diet and utilizing the entire health care team can assist patients in following these guidelines. FAU - Locke, Amy
Prepregnancy adherence to dietary patterns and lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies observed inverse associations of adherence to the alternate Mediterranean (aMED), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) dietary patterns with risk of type 2 diabetes; however, their associations with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk are unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess usual prepregnancy adherence to well-known dietary patterns and GDM risk. DESIGN: Our study included 21,376 singleton live births reported from 15,254 participants of the Nurses' Health Study II cohort between 1991 and 2001. Pregnancies were free of prepregnancy chronic disease or previous GDM. Prepregnancy dietary pattern adherence scores were computed based on participants' usual intake of the patterns' components, assessed with a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Multivariable logistic regressions with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate the RRs and 95% CIs. RESULTS: Incident first-time GDM was reported in 872 pregnancies. All 3 scores were inversely associated with GDM risk after adjustment for several covariables. In a comparison of the multivariable risk of GDM in participants in the fourth and first quartiles of dietary pattern adherence scores, aMED was associated with a 24% lower risk (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.95; P-trend = 0.004), DASH with a 34% lower risk (RR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.53, 0.82; P-trend = 0.0005), and aHEI with a 46% lower risk (RR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.68; P-trend < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy adherence to healthful dietary patterns is significantly associated with a lower risk of GDM. FAU - Tobias, Deirdre K
Gut microbiome response to short-term dietary interventions in reactive hypoglycemia subjects. LID - 10.1002/dmrr.2927 [doi]; BACKGROUND: Reactive hypoglycemia is a metabolic disorder that provokes severe hypoglycemic episodes after meals. Over recent years, the gut microbiota has been recognized as potential target for the control of metabolic diseases, and the possibility to correct gut microbiota dysbioses through diet, favouring the recovery of metabolic homeostasis, has been considered. METHODS: We investigate the impact of 2 short-term (3-day) nutritional interventions, based on the macrobiotic Ma-Pi 2 diet and a control Mediterranean diet, on the structure and functionality of the gut microbiota in 12 patients affected by reactive hypoglycemia. The gut microbiota composition was characterized by next-generation sequencing of the V3 to V4 region of the 16S rRNA gene, and the ecosystem functionality was addressed by measuring the faecal concentration of short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs). In order to measure the short-term physiological gut microbiota fluctuation, the microbiomes of 7 healthy people were characterized before and after 3 days of constant diet. RESULTS: While no convergence of the gut microbiota compositional profiles was observed, a significant increase in SCFA faecal levels was induced only in the Ma-Pi 2 diet group, suggesting the potential of this diet to support a short-term functional convergence of the gut microbiota, regardless of the individual compositional layout. CONCLUSIONS: The Ma-Pi 2 diet, with its high fibre load, was effective in increasing the production of SCFAs by the gut microbiota. Because these metabolites are known for their ability to counterbalance the metabolic deregulation in persons with glucose impairment disorders, their increased bioavailability could be of some relevance in reactive hypoglycemia.
Adherence to special diets and its association with meeting the nutrient recommendations in individuals with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: Not much is known about adherence to special diets in type 1 diabetes, characteristics of individuals with special diets, and whether such practices should raise concerns with respect to meeting the dietary recommendations. In this study, we assessed the frequencies of adherence to special diets, in a population of individuals with type 1 diabetes, and investigated the association between special diet adherence and dietary intake, measured as dietary patterns and nutrient intakes. METHODS: During the Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study visit, participants with type 1 diabetes (n = 1429) were instructed to complete a diet questionnaire inquiring about the adherence to special diets. The participants also completed a food record, from which energy and nutrient intakes were calculated. RESULTS: In all, 36.6% participants reported adhering to some special diet. Most commonly reported special diets were lactose-free (17.1%), protein restriction (10.0%), vegetarian (7.0%), and gluten-free (5.6%) diet. Special diet adherents were more frequently women, older, had longer diabetes duration, and more frequently had various diabetes complications. Mean carbohydrate intakes were close to the lower levels of the recommendation in all diet groups, which was reflected in low mean fibre intakes but high frequencies of meeting the sucrose recommendations. The recommendation for saturated fatty acid intake was frequently unmet, with the highest frequencies observed in vegetarians. Of the micronutrients, vitamin D, folate, and iron recommendations were most frequently unmet, with some differences between the diet groups. CONCLUSIONS: Special diets are frequently followed by individuals with type 1 diabetes. The adherents are more frequently women, and have longer diabetes duration and more diabetes complications. Achieving the dietary recommendations differed between diets, and depended on the nutrient in question. Overall, intakes of fibre, vitamin D, folate, and iron fell short of the recommendations. FAU - Ahola, A J
Dietary recommendations for children and adolescents with diabetes: an implementation paper. British Diabetic Association's Professional Advisory Committee.; General Recommendations: 1. Children with diabetes mellitus have the same basic nutritional requirements as other children. 2. Dietary recommendations should be based on good eating habits for the whole family. Radical changes in diet involving unusual foods or eating patterns for the child with diabetes alone are not appropriate. 3. Energy requirements of children vary widely and the energy content of the diet should be based on what the child usually eats. The diet should be reviewed regularly to meet the changing needs of growth and physical exercise without obesity. 4. The insulin regimen should, as far as is possible, be chosen to fit the child's daily lifestyle and preferred eating habits. Insulin type, dose, and frequency should be reviewed with the diet as the child develops. 5. Regular distribution of meals and snacks throughout the day remains the most important way to avoid extremes of hyperglycaemia and hypoglycaemia. This distribution should be based on an exchange system, using handy measures and taking into account food and meal type, the particular insulin regimen and the child's exercise patterns and usual eating habits. Currently this exchange system is based on carbohydrate foods but in the future the energy and fat contents will need further consideration. 6. Most special 'diabetic foods' are unnecessary. Low calorie sweeteners, as used in low calorie fruit squashes and fizzy drinks, are useful. 7. Children with diabetes from specific ethnic minority groups, or on vegan diets or living in deprived circumstances require special dietary attention for their diabetes. Those with coexisting chronic disorders such as cystic fibrosis or coeliac disease, should receive dietary advice from professionals with specialist knowledge. 8. Translating the principles of diabetic dietary management into a varied diet, arranged readily by the parents and eaten by the child, is demanding. It can best be met by a skilled dietitian working in close co-operation with child, parents, diabetes specialist nurse and doctor. Infancy 9. The diet should not differ from that of infants without diabetes. Breast feeding should be encouraged or a standard infant formula-feed used. Solids may be introduced from 3-6 months, but breast milk or a modified infant formula is encouraged as part of the increasingly mixed diet to at least the end of the first year. 10. Diabetes is rare in infancy so expert advice should be sought from dietitians experienced in paediatric diabetes. Under fives: 11.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS) FAU - Magrath, G
Dietary saturate/unsaturate ratio as a determinant of adiposity.; The characteristic leanness of vegans and adherents to "Mediterranean" diet patterns may reflect the fact that the high saturate-to-unsaturate ratio of Western omnivore diets tends to impair muscle insulin sensitivity, leading to a compensatory up-regulation of insulin secretion. Since insulin signals adipocytes to take up and retain fatty acids, a high dietary saturate-to-unsaturate ratio would be expected to promote obesity. It is proposed that, at any given level of total fat intake, the dietary saturate/unsaturate ratio will correlate positively with BMI and propensity for weight gain - a readily testable prediction. The relatively low ratios of saturates to unsaturates and of essential to non-essential amino acids in plant-based diets may be primarily responsible for the low rates of obesity, diabetes, coronary disease, and "Western" cancers observed in quasi-vegan societies.
Comparison of coronary risk factors and quality of life in coronary artery disease patients with versus without diabetes mellitus.; It is unclear whether patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) and diabetes mellitus (DM) can make comprehensive lifestyle changes that produce similar changes in coronary risk factors and quality of life compared with patients with CAD and without DM. We examined medical characteristics, lifestyle, and quality of life by diabetic status and gender in the Multicenter Lifestyle Demonstration Project (MLDP), a study of 440 nonsmoking patients with CAD (347 men, 55 with DM; 15.9%; 93 women, 36 with DM; 38.7%). Patients met in groups to improve lifestyle (plant-based, low-fat diet; exercise; stress management) for 1 year. Follow-ups were conducted at 3 and 12 months. At baseline, body mass and systolic blood pressure were significantly higher among patients with DM. Men with DM had a worse medical history (e.g., hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and family history of CAD) than did those without DM. Patients with DM, especially women, reported poorer quality of life than did patients without DM. The 2 groups of patients were able to adhere to the recommended lifestyle, as demonstrated by significant improvements in weight (mean -5 kg), body fat, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, exercise capacity, and quality of life. No significant changes in triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol were noted. By the end of 12 months, improvements in glucose-lowering medications (i.e., discontinuation or a change from insulin to oral hypoglycemic agents) were noted for 19.8% (n = 18) of patients with DM. In conclusion, patients with CAD and DM are able to follow a comprehensive lifestyle change program and show similar improvements in coronary risk factors and quality of life as those without DM. FAU - Pischke, Claudia R
Investigation of medicinal plants traditionally used as dietary supplements: A review on Moringa oleifera.; Diet and nutrition are important factors in the promotion and maintenance of good health throughout the entire life course. A plant-based diet may be able to prevent and treat chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart disease and hypertension, obesity, chronic inflammation and cancer. Phytonutrient rich foods are found in traditional African diet which is mostly vegetarian, and most of these food plants are often used for medicinal purposes. This review focuses on a peculiar plant Moringa oleifera, called the "Miracle Tree", considered to be one of nature's healthiest and most nutritious foods. Countless studies describe the benefits of Moringa leaves, pods, seeds and flowers. Its well-documented role in prevention and treatment of chronic diseases is hypothesized here as a result of possible of cross-kingdom regulation by exogenous vegetal microRNAs and synergistic action of plant bioactive components on endogenous human microRNA regulation. The potential health impact of phytocomplexes from African dietary plants within the context of cross-kingdom and endogenous microRNA regulation on health improvement and the overall economic well-being of the continent is estimated to be enormous. FAU - Matic, Ivana
Good adherence to the Mediterranean diet reduces the risk for NASH and diabetes in pediatric patients with obesity: The results of an Italian Study.; OBJECTIVE: In the last decade, it was demonstrated that the Mediterranean diet (MD) represents an ideal diet for all age groups and has an important role in the prevention of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, as well as nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). The aim of the present study was to analyze the association between adherence to the MD and NAFLD, with laboratory and histologic evaluation, in a group of children and adolescents with obesity. METHODS: We enrolled 243 patients with obesity referred to our department from March 2014 to November 2015. In all patients, we performed abdominal ultrasound and laboratory assays. In selected cases (100 patients) liver biopsy was performed. Level of adherence to the MD was evaluated by a clinical questionnaire, the Mediterranean Diet Quality Index for children and adolescents (KIDMED). RESULTS: The prevalence of low KIDMED score was significantly higher in patients with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis compared with other groups; poor adherence to the MD correlated with liver damage, the NAFLD activity score >5, and grade 2 fibrosis. Moreover, in patients with poor adherence to the MD, higher values of C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, and homeostatic model assessment of β cell function were observed. CONCLUSION: The MD could be a safe and inexpensive therapeutic option for children with obesity and NAFLD.
Dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.; PURPOSE: To examine the association between dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: A hospital-based cross-sectional study of 83 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes was conducted over an 8-month period. Dietary patterns were extracted using principal components analysis from completed food frequency questionnaires. Retinal vascular calibre was measured by a trained grader using a standardized protocol and later summarized as central retinal artery equivalent (CRAE) and central retinal vein equivalent (CRVE) using a semi-automated computer program. RESULTS: Three major dietary patterns were identified as follows: (1) processed foods, (2) plant-based foods and (3) vegetable/fish avoidance pattern. The processed pattern had high component loadings for processed meats and high fat takeaway foods. The plant-based pattern had high component loadings for a number of fruits including, but not limited to, pineapple, grapes oranges and mangos as well as a smaller number of vegetables, including beans and leeks. The vegetable and fish avoidance pattern had high inverse component loadings for canned and fresh fish as well as a number of vegetables including, but not limited to, pumpkin, green beans, broccoli, sweet potato and cabbage. Adjusted regression analysis revealed the 'vegetable/fish avoidance' dietary pattern was associated with a wider CRVE (ExpB = 3.67, 95% CI = 0.11/7.24, p = 0.039). After multivariable adjustments, a vascular risk profile that included: older age, higher BMI, higher systolic blood pressure, greater gestational age, longer screen viewing time, lower maternal education level, lower physical activity levels and lower high-density lipoproteins concentrations were more likely to display narrower CRAE (ExpB = -2.43, 95% CI = -4.92/0.06, p = 0.041). CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence for a diet-calibre relationship in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. This outcome has potential public health implications, as promotion of healthy eating patterns in children and adolescents might attenuate changes in microvasculature that have been related to an increased risk of microvascular disease, such as retinopathy, in adulthood. Additional studies are warranted to explore and validate this novel finding.
Dietary Fiber Intake (Supplemental or Dietary Pattern Rich in Fiber) and Diabetic Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review of Clinical Trials. LID - 10.3390/nu11020347 [doi] LID - 347; Fiber intake is associated with better glycemic control being an important nonpharmacologicaltreatment for diabetes (DM). We hypothesize that a dietary fiber intake can bringbenefits to diabetic kidney disease (DKD), improving renal outcomes. This systematic review aimedto evaluate the effect of dietary fiber (supplemental or dietary pattern rich in fiber) on DKD. Wesearched six databases to identify clinical trials that reported fiber intake and renal outcomes(albuminuria, proteinuria, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) dialysis) in patients with DM.From 1814 studies, 48 papers were fully evaluated. In the end, seven trials (161 patients, aged 58.3years, 49% females) were included. The studies were organized into three categories (vegetarian,Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, and fiber supplement), two evaluatedsupplements and five dietary patterns. Vegetarian diet reduced albuminuria in three trials, two inpatients with type 1 DM and one in patients with type 2 DM; and one study demonstrated a change inthe eGFR in type 1 DM. The individual quality of the studies was low/uncertain. A vegetarian dietarypattern may have a beneficial effect on these renal outcomes. However, the individual effect of theintake of fiber on DKD not was possible to be evaluated. FAU - Carvalho, Cláudia Mesquita de
Evaluating the diet of children at increased risk for type 1 diabetes: first results from the TEENDIAB study.; OBJECTIVE: The development of type 1 diabetes (T1D) is potentially influenced by nutrition. The aim of our study was to assess food and nutrient intakes of children at increased risk of T1D. DESIGN: Dietary intake of the last 4 weeks was assessed using a diet history interview. The daily nutrient and food intakes were compared with the German Dietary Reference Intakes, the Optimized Mixed Diet recommendations and those of a representative sample of children from the EsKiMo study. SETTING: Children included in the analysis participated in the prospective TEENDIAB study. SUBJECTS: First-degree relatives of people with T1D (n 268), aged 8-12 years. RESULTS: The TEENDIAB children consumed 52·0 % of their total energy from carbohydrates, 32·6 % from fat and 14·3 % from protein. Compared with the reference values, their intake was lowest for folate at 61·3 % of the reference, for iodine at 58·1 % and for vitamin D at 8·9 %, and exceeded the reference for vitamin K about 5-fold, for Na about 3·5-fold and for protein about 1·5-fold. Their nutrient intakes were similar to those of a control cohort without increased T1D risk. The consumption of non-desirable food groups (meat products, sweets/snacks) was above the recommendations and the consumption of desirable food groups (fruits, vegetables, carbohydrate-rich foods) was below the recommendations. CONCLUSIONS: The TEENDIAB children had intakes considerably below the recommendations for vitamin D, iodine, folate and plant-based foods, and intakes above for vitamin K, Na, protein, meat products and sweets/snacks. They showed similar dietary patterns to non-risk children. FAU - Weber, Katharina Susanne
Opuntia spp.: Characterization and Benefits in Chronic Diseases.; Opuntia species have been used for centuries as food resources and in traditional folk medicine for their nutritional properties and their benefit in chronic diseases, particularly diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer. These plants are largely distributed in America, Africa, and the Mediterranean basin. Opuntia spp. have great economic potential because they grow in arid and desert areas, and O. ficus-indica, the domesticated O. species, is used as a nutritional and pharmaceutical agent in various dietary and value-added products. Though differences in the phytochemical composition exist between wild and domesticated (O. ficus-indica) Opuntia spp., all Opuntia vegetatives (pear, roots, cladodes, seeds, and juice) exhibit beneficial properties mainly resulting from their high content in antioxidants (flavonoids, ascorbate), pigments (carotenoids, betalains), and phenolic acids. Other phytochemical components (biopeptides, soluble fibers) have been characterized and contribute to the medicinal properties of Opuntia spp. The biological properties of Opuntia spp. have been investigated on cellular and animal models and in clinical trials in humans, allowing characterization and clarification of the protective effect of Opuntia-enriched diets in chronic diseases. This review is an update on the phytochemical composition and biological properties of Opuntia spp. and their potential interest in medicine. FAU - Del Socorro Santos Díaz, María
Session 4: CVD, diabetes and cancer: Evidence for the use of the Mediterranean diet in patients with CHD.; Diet is associated with the development of CHD. The incidence of CHD is lower in southern European countries than in northern European countries and it has been proposed that this difference may be a result of diet. The traditional Mediterranean diet emphasises a high intake of fruits, vegetables, bread, other forms of cereals, potatoes, beans, nuts and seeds. It includes olive oil as a major fat source and dairy products, fish and poultry are consumed in low to moderate amounts. Many observational studies have shown that the Mediterranean diet is associated with reduced risk of CHD, and this result has been confirmed by meta-analysis, while a single randomised controlled trial, the Lyon Diet Heart study, has shown a reduction in CHD risk in subjects following the Mediterranean diet in the secondary prevention setting. However, it is uncertain whether the benefits of the Mediterranean diet are transferable to other non-Mediterranean populations and whether the effects of the Mediterranean diet will still be feasible in light of the changes in pharmacological therapy seen in patients with CHD since the Lyon Diet Heart study was conducted. Further randomised controlled trials are required and if the risk-reducing effect is confirmed then the best methods to effectively deliver this public health message worldwide need to be considered. FAU - McKeown, Pascal P
Improved adherence to Mediterranean Diet in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: We aimed to assess food intake and adherence to the Mediterranean Diet in patients with T1D compared with nondiabetic individuals. METHODS: This was an observational, multicenter study in 262 T1D subjects and 254 age- and sex-matched nondiabetic subjects. A validated food-frequency questionnaire was administered. The alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED) and alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) were assessed. The clinical variables were also collected. The analysis of data included comparisons between groups and multivariate models. RESULTS: Compared to the controls, the patients with T1D had a higher intake of dairy products (p < 0.001), processed meat (p = 0.001), fatty fish (p = 0.009), fruits and vegetables (p < 0.001), nuts (p = 0.011), legumes (p < 0.001), potatoes (p = 0.045), and bread (p = 0.045), and a lower intake of seafood (p = 0.011), sweets (p < 0.001), and alcohol drinks (p = 0.025). This intake pattern resulted in a higher consumption of complex carbohydrates (p = 0.049), fiber (p < 0.001), protein (p < 0.001), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (p = 0.007), antioxidants (p < 0.001), vitamins (p < 0.001), and minerals (p < 0.001). The frequency of patients with T1D and low aMED score (23.2%) was lower than that of the controls (35.4%; p = 0.019). The overall multivariate analysis showed that, among other factors, being a T1D subject was associated with improved aMED and aHEI scores (p = 0.006 and p < 0.001). In patients with T1D, residing in a nonurban area was associated with improved aMED and aHEI scores (p = 0.001 and p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Adult patients with T1D showed healthier dietary habits and a higher adherence to the Mediterranean Diet than nondiabetic subjects. Residing in a nonurban area is associated with an improved dietary pattern. FAU - Granado-Casas, Minerva
Extra virgin olive oil: More than a healthy fat.; The beneficial effects of a Mediterranean diet on human health and, in particular, on lowering risk of cardiovascular disease, has been mainly attributed to its high content to extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). While its main fatty acid, oleic acid, is considered important to these effects, EVOO has other biological properties that depend on, or are potentiated by other minor components of this oil. Initially, the mechanisms considered as possible causes of this cardioprotective effect of EVOO were based on the incidence on the so-called traditional risk factors (especially lipids and blood pressure). However, the high relative reduction in the prevalence of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were not proportional to the limited findings about regulation of those traditional risk factors. In addition to several studies confirming the above effects, current research on beneficial effect of EVOO, and in particular in conjunction with Mediterranean style diets, is being focused on defining its effects on newer cardiovascular risk factors, such as inflammation, oxidative stress, coagulation, platelet aggregation, fibrinolysis, endothelial function or lipids or on the modulation of the conditions which predispose people to cardiovascular events, such as obesity, metabolic syndrome or type 2 diabetes mellitus. In the current review, we will mainly focus on reviewing the current evidence about the effects that EVOO exerts on alternative factors, including postprandial lipemia or coagulation, among others, discussing the underlying mechanism by which it exerts its effect, as well as providing a short review on future directions. FAU - Yubero-Serrano, Elena M
Low maternal vitamin B12 status is associated with lower cord blood HDL cholesterol in white Caucasians living in the UK.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Studies in South Asian population show that low maternal vitamin B12 associates with insulin resistance and small for gestational age in the offspring. Low vitamin B12 status is attributed to vegetarianism in these populations. It is not known whether low B12 status is associated with metabolic risk of the offspring in whites, where the childhood metabolic disorders are increasing rapidly. Here, we studied whether maternal B12 levels associate with metabolic risk of the offspring at birth. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study of 91 mother-infant pairs (n = 182), of white Caucasian origin living in the UK. Blood samples were collected from white pregnant women at delivery and their newborns (cord blood). Serum vitamin B12, folate, homocysteine as well as the relevant metabolic risk factors were measured. RESULTS: The prevalence of low serum vitamin B12 (<191 ng/L) and folate (<4.6 μg/L) were 40% and 11%, respectively. Maternal B12 was inversely associated with offspring's Homeostasis Model Assessment 2-Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR), triglycerides, homocysteine and positively with HDL-cholesterol after adjusting for age and BMI. In regression analysis, after adjusting for likely confounders, maternal B12 is independently associated with neonatal HDL-cholesterol and homocysteine but not triglycerides or HOMA-IR. CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that low B12 status is common in white women and is independently associated with adverse cord blood cholesterol. FAU - Adaikalakoteswari, Antonysunil
Adherence to the DASH and Mediterranean diets is associated with decreased risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Few studies have examined the association between adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) or Mediterranean (MED) diets and prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the association between the two diets and GDM. METHODS: In a case-control hospital-based study, pregnant women with (n = 200) and without (n = 260) GMD were recruited. An average of three 24-h dietary records were used to assess participants' dietary intakes. DASH scores were calculated based on the Fung method and MED scores were calculated using the Trichopoulou method. GDM was defined as fasting glucose >95 mg/dL or 1-h postprandial glucose >140 mg/dL for the first time in the pregnancy. The risk for GDM was assessed across tertiles of DASH and MED scores. RESULTS: DASH and MED diets were negatively related to fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, and serum triacylglycerol concentrations. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly higher for those in the top tertile of the DASH diet but not the MED diet in comparison with the lowest tertile. Total serum cholesterol level was lower in the third tertile of the MED diet but not in the DASH diet. Participants in the highest tertile of the MED diet had 80% lower risk for GDM compared with those in the lowest tertile (Ptrend = 0.006). Greater adherence to the DASH eating plan was associated with 71% reduced risk for GDM (Ptrend = 0.006) after adjustment for potential confounders. CONCLUSION: Adherence to either the DASH or Mediterranean diet is associated with decreased risk for GDM.
Peritoneal fluid leptin levels are increased but adiponectin levels are not changed in infertile patients with pelvic endometriosis.; OBJECTIVE: Endometriosis is a leading cause of infertility, and recent studies suggest that leptin and adiponectin may have a role in its causation and progression. This study assessed levels of leptin and adiponectin in serum and peritoneal fluid (PF) in patients with endometriosis and infertility. DESIGN AND SETTING: This cross-sectional study included women undergoing diagnostic and/or therapeutic laparoscopy for endometriosis with chief complaint of infertility. Following laparoscopy, patients diagnosed with endometriosis served as cases while patients with no endometriosis served as controls. Patients with polycystic ovarian syndrome, diabetes, thyroiditis and patients on prior therapy with danazol or leuprolide were excluded from the study. Leptin and adiponectin levels were analysed in blood and PF using commercially available ELISA kits. RESULTS: Of the 50 patients (aged 22-41 years), 15 had endometriosis (cases) while 35 had no endometriosis (controls). The median PF leptin level was significantly higher in cases as compared to controls (27.7 vs. 15.6 ng/ml, p = 0.019), and this remained significant even when PF leptin was BMI-normalised (p = 0.004). However, median serum leptin and adiponectin levels remained comparable between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: This study confirmed the role of PF leptin in causation and progression of endometriosis. However, this would have been definitive if healthy fertile females were included in this study. FAU - Pandey, Nitin
Mediterranean diet adherence in individuals with prediabetes and unknown diabetes: the Di@bet.es Study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is causally related to diabetes and is a dietary pattern recommended to individuals with diabetes. We investigated MedDiet adherence in individuals with prediabetes and unknown (PREDM/UKDM) or known diabetes (KDM) compared to those with normal glucose metabolism (NORMAL). METHODS: This was a national, population-based, cross-sectional, cluster-sampling study. MedDiet adherence was scored (MedScore, mean ± SD 24 ± 5) using a qualitative food frequency questionnaire. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between MedScore and PREDM/UKDM or KDM versus control subjects. RESULTS: We evaluated 5,076 individuals. Mean age was 50 years, 57% were female, 826 (582/244) were PREDM/UKDM, 478 were KDM and 3,772 were NORMAL. Mean age increased across MedScore tertiles (46, 51 and 56 years, p < 0.0001). Higher age-adjusted adherence to MedDiet (5-unit increment in the MedScore) was associated with lower and nondifferent odds (OR, 95% CI) of prevalent PREDM/UKDM (0.88, 0.81-0.96, p = 0.001) and KDM (0.97, 0.87-1.07, p = 0.279), respectively, compared to individuals in the NORMAL group. CONCLUSIONS: In a representative sample of the whole Spanish population, MedDiet adherence is independently associated with PREDM/UKDM. Therapeutic intervention may be, in part, responsible for the lack of differences in adherence observed between the KDM and NORMAL groups. However, reverse causation bias cannot be ruled out in cross-sectional studies.
Vitamin C and hyperglycemia in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer--Norfolk (EPIC-Norfolk) study: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the cross-sectional association between plasma vitamin C, self-reported diabetes, and HbA1c. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data from a population-based study of diet, cancer, and chronic disease were analyzed. A total of 2,898 men and 3,560 women 45-74 years of age who were registered with general practices in Norfolk, U.K., were recruited to the European Prospective Investigation Into Cancer-Norfolk study between 1995 and 1998. RESULTS: Mean plasma vitamin C levels were significantly higher in individuals with HbA1c levels < 7% than in those with self-reported diabetes or prevalent undiagnosed hyperglycemia (HbA1c > or = 7%). An inverse gradient of mean plasma vitamin C was found in both sexes across quintiles of HbA1c distribution < 7%. The odds ratio (95% CI) of having prevalent undiagnosed hyperglycemia per 20 micromol/l (or 1 SD) increase in plasma vitamin C was 0.70 (0.52-0.95) (adjusted for sex, age, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio, tertiary education, any use of dietary supplements, vegetarian diet, alcohol consumption, physical activity, dietary vitamin E, dietary fiber, dietary saturated fat, and smoking history). The unadjusted change in HbA1c per 20 micromol/l increase in vitamin C estimated by linear regression was -0.12% (-0.14 to -0.09) in men and -0.09% (-0.11 to -0.07) in women. After adjusting for the possible confounders, these values were -0.08% (-0.11 to -0.04) in men and -0.05% (-0.07 to -0.03) in women. CONCLUSIONS: An inverse association was found between plasma vitamin C and HbA1c. Dietary measures to increase plasma vitamin C may be an important public health strategy for reducing the prevalence of diabetes. FAU - Sargeant, L A
Gut permeability and intestinal mucins, invertase, and peroxidase in control and diabetes-prone BB rats fed either a protective or a diabetogenic diet.; This study deals with the enteropathy recently identified in diabetes-prone BB rats (BBdp). Diabetes-resistant BB rats (BBc) and BBdp rats were fed from days 32-39 onward either a protective diabetes-retardant hydrolyzed casein diet (HC) or a plant-based diabetogenic (NTP) diet. The NTP diet decreased body weight and plasma insulin in BBc and BBdp rats. The BBdp rats displayed low intestinal invertase and increased intestinal peroxidase activity. In the BBdp rats fed the HC diet, the mucin content 30-35 cm below the pylorus was higher and the gut permeability lower than in the other three rat groups. There was a significant inverse correlation between gut permeability and the insulinogenic index in the BBdp rats fed the HC or NTP diet. Thus, in BBdp rats, the HC diet somehow prevents the increase in gut permeability and the decrease in the insulinogenic index otherwise found in some of these diabetes-prone animals. FAU - Courtois, Philippe
Dietary carbohydrates, physical inactivity, obesity, and the 'metabolic syndrome' as predictors of coronary heart disease.; Several decades of epidemiological and clinical research have identified physical inactivity, excessive calorie consumption, and excess weight as common risk factors for both type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. This trio forms the environmental substrate for a now well-recognized metabolic phenotype called the insulin resistance syndrome. Recent data suggest that a high intake of rapidly absorbed carbohydrates, which is characterized by a high glycemic load (a measure of carbohydrate quality and quantity), may increase the risk of coronary heart disease by aggravating glucose intolerance and dyslipidemia. These data also suggest that individuals who are obese and insulin resistant are particularly prone to the adverse effects of a high dietary glycemic load. In addition, data continue to accumulate suggesting the important beneficial effects of physical activity, even at moderate levels, and weight reduction on improving insulin sensitivity and reducing the risk of coronary heart disease. Future metabolic studies should continue to quantify the physiological impact of different foods on serum glucose and insulin, and such information should routinely be incorporated into large-scale and long-term prospective studies, in which the possible interaction effects between diet and other metabolic determinants such as physical activity and obesity can be examined. Until more definitive data are available, replacing refined grain products and potatoes with minimally processed plant-based foods such as whole grains, fruits, and vegetables, and reducing the intake of high glycemic load beverages may offer a simple strategy for reducing the incidence of coronary heart disease. FAU - Liu, S
Mediterranean diet, endothelial function and vascular inflammatory markers.; OBJECTIVES: To discuss present knowledge about the relation between adipose tissue, inflammation and the Mediterranean-style diet. DESIGN: Review of the literature and personal perspectives. SETTING AND RESULTS: Recent studies indicate that adipose tissue is an endocrine organ producing numerous proteins, collectively referred to as adipokines, with broad biological activity, which play an important autocrine role in obesity-associated complications. Adipose tissue in general and visceral fat in particular are thought to be key regulators of inflammation which is heavily involved in the onset and development of atherothrombotic disease. Moreover, chronic inflammation may also represent a triggering factor in the origin of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus. An increased release of proinflammatory adipokines from the visceral adipose tissue, associated with a reduced secretion of anti-inflammatory adipokines and cytokines, could determine a low-grade chronic inflammatory state which might play a role in the future development of the metabolic syndrome, diabetes and atherosclerosis through both insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. Interventions aimed at decreasing weight loss and improving adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet in people with obesity or metabolic syndrome decrease the inflammatory milieu and ameliorate both insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS: Appropriate dietary patterns, as those associated with the eating model of Mediterranean-type diets, represent therapeutic strategies to reduce inflammation and the associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk. FAU - Esposito, Katherine
Type 1 Diabetic Subjects with Diabetic Retinopathy Show an Unfavorable Pattern of Fat Intake. LID - 10.3390/nu10091184 [doi] LID - 1184; Medical nutrition therapy is an important part of the management of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Proper adherence to a healthy diet may have a favorable impact on diabetes management and its diabetic complications. Our aim was to assess differences in food and nutrient intake of type 1 diabetic patients with and without diabetic retinopathy (DR). This was a two-center, cross-sectional study in patients with T1DM, with and without DR. Subjects were recruited from the outpatient clinic of the two participating centers. A validated food frequency questionnaire was administered. A total of 103 T1DM patients with DR and 140 T1DM patient without DR were recruited. Subjects with DR showed a lower intake of total fat (p = 0.036) than that of their non-DR counterparts. DR was associated with increasing age (p = 0.004), hypertension (p < 0.001), and diabetes duration (p < 0.001), however there was a negative association with high educational level (p = 0.018). The multivariate-adjusted analysis showed that the intake of complex carbohydrates was positively related to the presence of DR (p = 0.031). In contrast, the intakes of total fat (p = 0.009), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) (p = 0.012), oleic acid (p = 0.012), and vitamin E (p = 0.006) were associated with the absence of DR. As conclusions, the intake of total MUFAs, oleic acid, and vitamin E is associated with a lower frequency of DR in patients with T1DM. These results suggest a potential protective effect of these lipid components for DR. FAU - Granado-Casas, Minerva
Mediterranean diet as the diet of choice for patients with chronic kidney disease.; Traditional dietary management of chronic kidney disease (CKD) focuses on the quantity within the diet of energy and protein, and the restriction of single micronutrients, with little mention of dietary quality. Dietary patterns that are more plant-based, lower in meat (including processed meat), sodium and refined sugar, and have a higher content of grains and fibres are now included in multiple clinical guidelines for chronic disease prevention. The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been associated with reduced cardiovascular disease incidence in both observational and interventional studies. A wealth of evidence links MD with other beneficial effects on chronic diseases such as diabetes, obesity or cognitive health. This review examines each constituent of the classical MD and evaluates their suitability for the management of patients with CKD. We also evaluate the potential hyperkalaemia risk of increasing fruit and vegetable intake. Overall, a decrease in net endogenous acid production and increase in fibre may lead to a better control of metabolic acidosis. This, together with other putative favourable effects of MD on endothelial function, inflammation, lipid profile and blood pressure, provide mechanistic pathways to explain the observed reduced renal function decline and improved survival in CKD patients adhering to an MD. FAU - Chauveau, Philippe
Health effects of low-carbohydrate diets: where should new research go?; There has been considerable debate about the metabolic effects of restricting carbohydrate intake in weight and diabetes management. However, the American Diabetes Association has noted that weight and metabolic improvements can be achieved with low carbohydrate, low fat (implicitly higher carbohydrate), or a Mediterranean style diet (usually an intermediate level of carbohydrate). Our paper addresses variability in the definition for low or restricted carbohydrate, the effects of carbohydrate restriction on diabetes-related health outcomes, strategies for restricting carbohydrate intake, and potential genetic variability in response to dietary carbohydrate restriction. Issues for future research are also addressed. FAU - Wylie-Rosett, Judith
Dietary quality of predominantly traditional diets is associated with blood glucose profiles, but not with total fecal Bifidobacterium in Indonesian women.; BACKGROUND: A high quality modern diet is associated with reduced risk of metabolic disease and diabetes. However, it remains unclear whether the quality of predominantly traditional ethnic diets is associated with such conditions. Moreover, the relationship between dietary quality and microbiota, a potential mediator of metabolic disease, has not been studied. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the relationship of dietary quality of traditional ethnic diets in Indonesia with fasting blood glucose (FBG), HbA1c, and the number of fecal Bifidobacterium. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was conducted in selected districts with predominantly animal- or plant-based traditional diets of West Sumatera and West Java provinces, respectively. A total of 240 apparently healthy women aged 19-50 years were randomly selected from 360 women screened by a cluster sampling design. Dietary quality was assessed by 2-day repeated 24-hour food recall, and scored using the Healthy Eating Index (HEI) 2010. FBG was quantified with the enzymatic colorimetric method, and HbA1c by using hexokinase and high-performance liquid chromatography, and total fecal Bifidobacterium by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: The HEI scores of 99% of women were <51, indicating a low-quality diet. In adjusted multivariate regression, HEI was inversely associated with FBG (ß = -0.403; 95% CI = -0.789 to -0.016; p = 0.041) and HbA1c (ß = -0.018; 95% CI = -0.036 to 0.000; p = 0.048) but was not significantly associated with total levels of Bifidobacterium (ß = -0.007, p = 0.275). Bifidobacterium count was not significantly associated with either FBG or HbA1c levels. CONCLUSION: Low dietary quality is clearly associated with risk of increased markers of blood glucose. However, any mediating role of Bifidobacterium between dietary quality and glucose outcomes was not apparent. Innovative interventions for healthy eating should be implemented to increase dietary quality of populations transitioning from predominantly traditional to modern diets, to reduce the risk of diabetes, especially in women. FAU - Stefani, Shiela
Associations of Diet and Physical Activity with Risk for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. LID - 10.3390/nu10060698 [doi] LID - 698; Rising rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and related complications have prompted calls to identify potentially modifiable risk factors that are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We systematically reviewed the scientific literature for observational studies examining specific dietary and/or physical activity (PA) factors and risk of GDM. Our search included PubMed, Medline, CINAHL/EBSCO, Science Direct and EMBASE, and identified 1167 articles, of which 40 met our inclusion criteria (e.g., singleton pregnancy, reported diet or PA data during pre-pregnancy/early pregnancy and GDM as an outcome measure). Studies were assessed for quality using a modified Quality Criteria Checklist from American Dietetic Association. Of the final 40 studies, 72% obtained a positive quality rating and 28% were rated neutral. The final analysis incorporated data on 30,871 pregnant women. Dietary studies were categorised into either caffeine, carbohydrate, fat, protein, calcium, fast food and recognized dietary patterns. Diets such as Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet and Alternate Healthy Eating Index diet (AHEI) were associated with 15–38% reduced relative risk of GDM. In contrast, frequent consumption of potato, meat/processed meats, and protein (% energy) derived from animal sources was associated with an increased risk of GDM. Compared to no PA, any pre-pregnancy or early pregnancy PA was associated with 30% and 21% reduced odds of GDM, respectively. Engaging in >90 min/week of leisure time PA before pregnancy was associated with 46% decreased odds of GDM. We conclude that diets resembling MedDiet/DASH diet as well as higher PA levels before or in early pregnancy were associated with lower risks or odds of GDM respectively. The systematic review was registered at PROSPERO (www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO) as CRD42016027795. FAU - Mijatovic-Vukas, Jovana
Metabolic fate of saturated and monounsaturated dietary fats: the Mediterranean diet revisited from epidemiological evidence to cellular mechanisms.; Increasing evidence indicates favourable effects of the Mediterranean diet, partly associated to its monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) content on both obesity and diabetes. However, neither the underlying mechanisms by which the Mediterranean diet exerts its protective effect, nor the interplay with other environmental factors (i.e. physical activity), are fully characterised. In this review, we examined recent data on how the metabolic fate of MUFA and saturated fatty acids (SFA) differs. Because of differential packaging into lipoproteins, hydrolysis of triacylglycerol-rich lipoproteins by lipoprotein lipase and transport into oxidative tissues, MUFA are oxidised more than SFA. This high MUFA oxidation favour lipid oxidation and according to the oxidative balance concept reduces the risk of obesity. It also improves the intra-muscular triacylglycerol turnover, which mitigates the SFA-induced accumulation of diacylglycerol and ceramides, and thus protects the insulin sensitivity and cell viability. Finally, physical activity through its action on the energy turnover differentially regulates the metabolism of SFA and MUFA. The putative combined role of AMP-activated kinase and mitochondrial glycerol-3-phosphate transferase on the intra-muscular partitioning of MUFA and SFA provides new areas of research to better understand the beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet and physical activity on obesity and diabetes. FAU - Bergouignan, Audrey
Pre-Pregnancy Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11051003 [doi] LID - 1003; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), an important public health problem that affects mothers and offspring, is a common metabolic disorder. We evaluated the effect of the pre-pregnancy Mediterranean diet (MD) level of exposure on the odds of GDM development. A case-control study (291 GDM cases and 1175 controls without GDM) was conducted in pregnant women. Pre-pregnancy dietary intake was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire to calculate an MD adherence index (range score 0-9: low ≤ 2; middle 3-4; high 5-6; very high ≥ 7). Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and their 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using multivariable logistic regression models including age, BMI, family history of diabetes mellitus, previous GDM, miscarriages, and gravidity. Overall, middle-high MD adherence was 216/291 (74.2%) and very high adherence was 17/291 (5.8%) in cases. In controls the corresponding figures were 900/1175 (76.6%) and 73/1175 (6.2%), respectively. Compared to low adherence, high MD adherence was associated with GDM reduction (aOR 0.61, 95% CI 0.39,0.94; p = 0.028), and very high MD adherence was even more strongly associated (aOR 0.33, 95% CI 0.15, 0.72; p = 0.005). The protective effect of adherence to the MD prior to pregnancy should be considered as a preventive tool against the development of GDM. FAU - Olmedo-Requena, Rocío
Awareness and perception of plant-based diets for the treatment and management of type 2 diabetes in a community education clinic: a pilot study.; Objective. To assess awareness, barriers, and promoters of plant-based diet use for management of type 2 diabetes (T2D) for the development of an appropriate educational program. Design. Cross-sectional study of patients and healthcare providers. Setting. Regional Diabetes Education Centre in ON, Canada. Participants. n = 98 patients attending the Diabetes Education Centre and n = 25 healthcare providers. Variables Measures. Patient questionnaires addressed demographics, health history, and eating patterns, as well as current knowledge, confidence levels, barriers to, promoters of, and interests in plant-based diets. Staff questionnaires addressed attitudes and current practice with respect to plant-based diets. Analysis. Mean values, frequency counts, and logistic regression (alpha = 0.05). Results. Few respondents (9%) currently followed a plant-based diet, but 66% indicated willingness to follow one for 3 weeks. Family eating preferences and meal planning skills were common barriers to diet change. 72% of healthcare providers reported knowledge of plant-based diets for diabetes management but low levels of practice. Conclusions and Implications. Patient awareness of the benefits of a plant-based diet for the management of diabetes remains suboptimal and may be influenced by perception of diabetes educators and clinicians. Given the reported willingness to try (but low current use of) plant-based diets, educational interventions targeting patient and provider level knowledge are warranted. FAU - Lee, Vincent
Adherence to Mediterranean Diet and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: Effect on Insulin Resistance.; OBJECTIVES: The prevalence of cardiometabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), is increasing in western countries, because of changes in lifestyle and dietary habits. Mediterranean Diet (Med-Diet) is effective for cardiovascular prevention, but its relationship with NAFLD has been scarcely investigated. METHODS: We included 584 consecutive outpatients presenting with one or more cardiovascular risk factor such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension, overweight/obesity, and dyslipidemia. Liver steatosis was assessed using ultrasonography. Med-Diet adherence was investigated by a validated semiquantitative nine-item dietary questionnaire; patients were divided into low, intermediate, and high adherence. Insulin resistance was defined by the 75th percentile of homeostasis model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR; ≥3.8). RESULTS: The mean age was 56.2±12.4 years and 38.2% were women. Liver steatosis was present in 82.7%, and its prevalence decreased from low to high adherence group (96.5% vs. 71.4%, P<0.001). In a multiple logistic regression analysis, hypertriglyceridemia (odds ratio (OR): 2.913; P=0.002), log (ALT) (OR: 6.186; P<0.001), Med-Diet adherence (intermediate vs. low OR: 0.115; P=0.041, high vs. low OR: 0.093; P=0.030), T2DM (OR: 3.940; P=0.003), and high waist circumference (OR: 3.012; P<0.001) were associated with NAFLD. Among single foods, low meat intake (OR: 0.178; P<0.001) was inversely significantly associated with NAFLD. In 334 non-diabetic NAFLD patients, age (OR: 1.035, P=0.025), high waist circumference (OR: 7.855, P<0.001), hypertriglyceridemia (OR: 2.152, P=0.011), and Log (ALT) (OR: 2.549, P=0.002) were directly associated with HOMA-IR, whereas Med-Diet score was inversely associated (OR: 0.801, P=0.018). CONCLUSIONS: We found an inverse relationship between Med-Diet and NAFLD prevalence. Among NAFLD patients, good adherence to Med-Diet was associated with lower insulin resistance. Our findings suggest that Med-Diet may be a beneficial nutritional approach in NAFLD patients. FAU - Baratta, Francesco
Protective Effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Type 2 Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome.; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2DM and that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that make up the plant-based MedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathways that lead to MetS and T2DM, as well as other chronic conditions. Abundant epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Impact of combined healthy lifestyle factors on survival in an adult general population and in high-risk groups: prospective results from the Moli-sani Study.; BACKGROUND: There is poor knowledge on the association between combined lifestyles with mortality risk among individuals at high risk, and little is known on the biological mechanisms that could be on the pathway. METHODS: Longitudinal analysis on 22 839 individuals from the Moli-sani Study (Italy, 2005-2010). Among them, we identified 5200 elderly individuals (≥65 year), 2127 subjects with diabetes and 1180 with cardiovascular disease (CVD) at baseline. A healthy lifestyle score (HLS) was calculated, allocating 1 point for each of the following: abstention from smoking; adherence to Mediterranean diet; physical activity; absence of abdominal obesity. Hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were calculated by multivariable Cox regression and competing risk models. RESULTS: During 8.2 years of follow-up, 1237 deaths occurred. In the general population, adherence to all four healthy lifestyles, compared with none or 1, was associated with lower risk of all-cause (HR = 0.53; 95%CI:0.39-0.72), CVD (HR = 0.54; 0.32-0.91), cancer (HR = 0.62; 0.39-1.00) and mortality from other causes (HR = 0.39; 0.19-0.81). A 1-point increase in HLS was associated with 20%, 22% and 24% lower risk of total mortality among the elderly, in subjects with diabetes or CVD, respectively. Traditional (e.g. blood lipids), inflammatory (e.g. C-reactive protein) and novel biomarkers (e.g. markers of cardiac damage) accounted for up to 24% of the association of HLS with all-cause mortality risk in the general population. CONCLUSIONS: The impact of combined four healthy lifestyles on survival was considerable, both in the general population and among high-risk subgroups. Inflammatory and novel biomarkers of CVD risk explained a substantial proportion of this association.
Ferulic acid may target MyD88-mediated pro-inflammatory signaling - Implications for the health protection afforded by whole grains, anthocyanins, and coffee.; Higher dietary intakes of anthocyanins have been linked epidemiologically to decreased risk for metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular events; clinical trials and rodent studies evaluating ingestion of anthocyanin-rich extracts confirm favorable effects of these agents on endothelial function and metabolic syndrome. However, these benefits of anthocyanins are lost in rats whose gut microbiome has been eliminated with antibiotic treatment - pointing to bacterial metabolites of anthocyanins as the likely protective agents. A human pharmacokinetic assessment of orally administered cyanidin-3-O-glucoside, a prominent anthocyanin, has revealed that, whereas this compound is minimally absorbed, ferulic acid (FA) is one of its primary metabolites that appears in plasma. FA is a strong antioxidant and phase 2 inducer that has exerted marked anti-inflammatory effects in a number of rodent and cell culture studies; in particular, FA is highly protective in rodent models of diet-induced weight gain and metabolic syndrome. FA, a precursor for lignan synthesis, is widely distributed in plant-based whole foods, mostly in conjugated form; whole grains are a notable source. Coffee ingestion boosts plasma FA owing to gastrointestinal metabolism of chlorogenic acid. Hence, it is reasonable to suspect that FA mediates some of the broad health benefits that have been associated epidemiologically with frequent consumption of whole grains, anthocyanins, coffee, and unrefined plant-based foods. The molecular basis of the anti-inflammatory effects of FA may have been clarified by a recent study demonstrating that FA can target the adaptor protein MyD88; this plays an essential role in pro-inflammatory signaling by most toll-like receptors and interleukin-1β. If feasible oral intakes of FA can indeed down-regulate MyD88-dependent signaling, favorable effects of FA on neurodegeneration, hypothalamic inflammation, weight gain, adipocyte and beta cell function, adiponectin secretion, vascular health, and cartilage and bone integrity can be predicted. Since FA is well tolerated, safe, and natural, it may have great potential as a protective nutraceutical, and clinical trials evaluating its effects are needed.
Impact of dietary protein and fat source on the development of insulin-dependent diabetes in the BB rat.; Epidemiological studies show a remarkable geographical difference in the prevalence of IDDM, suggesting a role for environmental factors such as diet, infection, or stress in the etiology of the disease. Dietary modification has already been shown to be effective in the prevention of autoimmune diabetes in the BB rat and NOD mouse. We studied the effect of protein and fat source in the prophylaxis of diabetes in the BB rat. Natural ingredient rat chow was consistently associated with a high expression of the disease, whereas a casein-based, defined diet significantly inhibited the development of diabetes. Substitution of casein with raw red lentils resulted in a markedly higher incidence. This is the first highly diabetogenic defined diet in the BB rat. Neither fish oil nor soy oil enhanced diabetes expression in the BB rat. Increased amounts of soy oil also did not influence the disease process. These results suggest a central role for dietary protein source in the pathogenesis of BB rat diabetes. We speculate that plant proteins containing anti-nutrients such as chemicals, lectins, enzyme inhibitors, and nonphysiologic amino acids may initiate or hasten the pathogenesis process via beta cell stress or immune response activation. FAU - Hoorfar, J
Anatomy of health effects of Mediterranean diet: Greek EPIC prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relative importance of the individual components of the Mediterranean diet in generating the inverse association of increased adherence to this diet and overall mortality. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Greek segment of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and nutrition (EPIC). PARTICIPANTS: 23 349 men and women, not previously diagnosed with cancer, coronary heart disease, or diabetes, with documented survival status until June 2008 and complete information on nutritional variables and important covariates at enrolment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: All cause mortality. RESULTS: After a mean follow-up of 8.5 years, 652 deaths from any cause had occurred among 12 694 participants with Mediterranean diet scores 0-4 and 423 among 10 655 participants with scores of 5 or more. Controlling for potential confounders, higher adherence to a Mediterranean diet was associated with a statistically significant reduction in total mortality (adjusted mortality ratio per two unit increase in score 0.864, 95% confidence interval 0.802 to 0.932). The contributions of the individual components of the Mediterranean diet to this association were moderate ethanol consumption 23.5%, low consumption of meat and meat products 16.6%, high vegetable consumption 16.2%, high fruit and nut consumption 11.2%, high monounsaturated to saturated lipid ratio 10.6%, and high legume consumption 9.7%. The contributions of high cereal consumption and low dairy consumption were minimal, whereas high fish and seafood consumption was associated with a non-significant increase in mortality ratio. CONCLUSION: The dominant components of the Mediterranean diet score as a predictor of lower mortality are moderate consumption of ethanol, low consumption of meat and meat products, and high consumption of vegetables, fruits and nuts, olive oil, and legumes. Minimal contributions were found for cereals and dairy products, possibly because they are heterogeneous categories of foods with differential health effects, and for fish and seafood, the intake of which is low in this population. FAU - Trichopoulou, Antonia
A plant-based cholera toxin B subunit-insulin fusion protein protects against the development of autoimmune diabetes.; Oral administration of disease-specific autoantigens can prevent or delay the onset of autoimmune disease symptoms. We have generated transgenic potato plants that synthesize human insulin, a major insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus autoantigen, at levels up to 0.05% of total soluble protein. To direct delivery of plant-synthesized insulin to the gut-associated lymphoid tissues, insulin was linked to the C-terminus of the cholera toxin B subunit (CTB). Transgenic potato tubers produced 0.1% of total soluble protein as the pentameric CTB-insulin fusion, which retained GM1-ganglioside binding affinity and native antigenicity of both CTB and insulin. Nonobese diabetic mice fed transformed potato tuber tissues containing microgram amounts of the CTB-insulin fusion protein showed a substantial reduction in pancreatic islet inflammation (insulitis), and a delay in the progression of clinical diabetes. Feeding transgenic potato tissues producing insulin or CTB protein alone did not provide a significant reduction in insulitis or diabetic symptoms. The experimental results indicate that food plants are feasible production and delivery systems for immunotolerization against this T cell-mediated autoimmune disease. FAU - Arakawa, T
Risk factors, associated health problems, reasons for admission and knowledge profile of diabetes patients admitted in BPKIHS.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of the study was to find out the demographic profile, identify the known risk factors, assess the associated health problems, find out the reasons for admission and explore the knowledge profile of the patients admitted with diabetes in medical units of BPKIHS. METHODS: It was hospital based exploratory study conducted among the admitted DM patients during the period of 1-3-2003 to 29-2-2004 in medical units using simple random sampling, which included 35 samples. The data was analysed using Excel and SPSS programme. RESULTS: About 54% subjects were of age group between 40-60 yr., Hindu 85.7%, married 92.9%, and non-vegetarian 75.9 %. About 50% of subjects were on Insulin. About 60.7 % subject had hypertension, 39.3 % had ocular problem, and 25 % had renal problems. Majority of subject (82.1 %) had knowledge about the disease, they were suffering but limited subject had the knowledge about, causes, curability, treatment modalities, diet, and other aspects. CONCLUSIONS: As the knowledge regarding various aspects of DM is very low, there is need for information booklet in Nepali and health education programme among public will be very beneficial. FAU - Mehta, R S
A dietary intervention for chronic diabetic neuropathy pain: a randomized controlled pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic neuropathy is a common and often debilitating condition for which available treatments are limited. Because a low-fat plant-based diet has been shown to improve glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes, we hypothesized that such a diet would reduce painful symptoms of diabetic neuropathy. METHODS: In this 20-week pilot study, individuals with type 2 diabetes and painful diabetic neuropathy were randomly assigned to two groups. The intervention group was asked to follow a low-fat, plant-based diet, with weekly classes for support in following the prescribed diet, and to take a vitamin B12 supplement. The control group was asked to take the same vitamin B12 supplement, but received no other intervention. At baseline, midpoint and 20 weeks, clinical, laboratory and questionnaire data were collected. Questionnaires included an analog 'worst pain' scale, Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument, global impression scale, Short Form McGill Pain Questionnaire, Neuropathy Total Symptom Score, a weekly pain diary and Norfolk Quality of Life Questionnaire. RESULTS: After 20 weeks, body weight change with the intervention was -6.4 kg (95% confidence interval (CI) -9.4 to -3.4, P<0.001) in an effect size analysis. Electrochemical skin conductance in the foot improved by an average of 12.4 microseimens (95% CI 1.2-23.6, P=0.03) with the intervention in an effect size analysis. The between-group difference in change in pain, as measured by the McGill pain questionnaire, was -8.2 points (95% CI -16.1 to -0.3, P=0.04). Michigan Neuropathy Screening Instrument questionnaire score change was -1.6 points (95% CI -3.0 to -0.2, P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements were seen in some clinical and pain measures. This pilot study suggests the potential value of a plant-based diet intervention, including weekly support classes, for treating painful diabetic neuropathy. FAU - Bunner, A E
Mediterranean products as promising source of multi-target agents in the treatment of metabolic syndrome.; Alteration of nutritional habits play an essential role on the risk of developing Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). Several epidemiological studies have shown that assuming diets rich of foods included in the Mediterranean diet (MetDiet) pattern like, such as olive oil, nuts, fruit, fiber, vegetables, wine and grain cereals has protective effects on the different risk factors characterizing the MetS. The beneficial effects of the MetDiet in the MetS are mainly due to the antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of the most abundant phytochemical components of such foods as polyphenols like resveratrol and oleuropein, allyl sulfides, ellagic acid, mono- and poly-unsaturated fatty acids (MUFA and PUFA), tocopherols and flavonoids like quercetin, which have shown positive results in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), with related risk factors, like hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and obesity. In this review, we highlighted the multi-target activities of the bioactive components contained in some foods typical of the Mediterranean area like olive oil, onion, liquorice, rosemary, oregano, hazelnut, pistachio, "Melannurca" apple, red wine, hot pepper, Citrus sp. fruits, saffron and garlic, with particular focus on their impact on health outcomes in relation to MetS main key factors, such as insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), endothelial dysfunctions, inflammatory response, oxidative stress and dyslipidaemic and hypercholesterolemic effects.
Cardiovascular disease in Greece; the latest evidence on risk factors.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a significant and ever-growing problem in Europe, accounting for nearly 45% of all deaths and leading to significant morbidity. Greece is one of the European Union member states that top the list of deaths due to ischemic heart disease and stroke, a fact that is mainly attributed to unfavorable changes in modifiable risk factors. The aim of this review is to examine the latest evidence on the most important CVD risk factors. According to studies conducted during the last two decades, the prevalence of arterial hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus, and obesity remained relatively stable or increased. The decrease in the prevalence of active smokers and the increase in physical activity, during the last few years, are the main favorable risk modifications in the Greek population. Nevertheless, citizens of Greece seem to gradually adopt unhealthy dietary habits by moving away from Mediterranean diet, as issue that is intensified after the outbreak of the Greek debt crisis. Furthermore, the inability of some patients to afford their medications and the possible health care deficiencies as well as the increasing prevalence of depression may make the situation even worse. During the financial crisis, CVD mortality seems to have remained unaffected, but there is evidence that the incidence of cardiovascular events is increasing. More effort is needed to control established and emerging CVD risk factors among the Greek population.
Lipid profile and nutritional intake in children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes improve after a structured dietician training to a Mediterranean-style diet.; AIM: To evaluate if nutritional intakes and lipid profile fulfill international guidelines and recommendations before and after a structured dietician training to a Mediterranean- style diet in an Italian pediatric population with Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: A 6-month prospective cohort study. Baseline and after-intervention nutritional intakes, lipid profile, glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)), and clinical parameters of 96 children and adolescents with Type 1 diabetes were assessed. A comparative computerized system which was approved and validated by the Italian Diabetologist Association was used to define the amounts of nutrients. RESULTS: At baseline mean daily dietary intakes of carbohydrates, proteins, and lipids were respectively (mean ± SEM) 51.8 ± 0.5, 15.9 ± 0.2, 33.8 ± 0.6%, with a contribution of cholesterol of 248.7 ± 12.5 mg/day. Fiber assumption was 18.0 ± 0.4 g/day. The 64.5% and 29.1% (p<0.0001) of subjects had at least one lipid parameter higher than 75(th) and 95(th) percentiles, respectively, of selected cut points (American Diabetes Association guidelines for total and LDL-cholesterol and American Academy of Pediatrics standards for HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides). Six months after the dietician intervention, dietary lipids and cholesterol decreased (p<0.0001) while fibers (p<0.0001) increased. LDL-cholesterol, non-HDL-cholesterol, and total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratios significantly decreased (p<0.001) with a reduction of rate of subjects with at least one pathological lipid parameter (p<0.01) independently by weight and glucose control. CONCLUSIONS: Italian pediatric subjects with Type 1 diabetes present a balanced diet with exception of lipids intake and a suboptimal lipid profile. A structured dietician training to a Mediterranean-style diet improves the quality of nutrient intakes being followed by a reduction of LDL-cholesterol, non- HDL-cholesterol, and total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratios. FAU - Cadario, F
Comprehensive Cardiovascular Risk Reduction and Cardiac Rehabilitation in Diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome.; The epidemic of obesity has contributed to a growing burden of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and diabetes mellitus (DM) worldwide. MetS is defined as central obesity along with associated factors such as hypertriglyceridemia, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, hyperglycemia, and hypertension. MetS and DM are associated with significant cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Healthy behavioural modification is the cornerstone for reducing the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease burden in this population. Comprehensive, multidisciplinary cardiac rehabilitation (CR) programs reduce mortality and hospitalizations in patients with MetS and DM. Despite this benefit, patients with MetS and DM are less likely to attend and complete CR because of numerous barriers. Implementation of innovative CR delivery models might improve utilization of CR and cardiovascular outcomes in this high-risk population.
Food-insecure dietary patterns are associated with poor longitudinal glycemic control in diabetes: results from the Boston Puerto Rican Health study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether dietary patterns associated with food insecurity are associated with poor longitudinal glycemic control. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a prospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study, we ascertained food security (Food Security Survey Module), dietary pattern (Healthy Eating Index-2005 [HEI 2005]), and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in Puerto Rican adults aged 45-75 years with diabetes at baseline (2004-2009) and HbA1c at ∼2 years follow-up (2006-2012). We determined associations between food insecurity and dietary pattern and assessed whether those dietary patterns were associated with poorer HbA1c concentration over time, using multivariable-adjusted repeated subjects mixed-effects models. RESULTS: There were 584 participants with diabetes at baseline and 516 at follow-up. Food-insecure participants reported lower overall dietary quality and lower intake of fruit and vegetables. A food insecurity*HEI 2005 interaction (P < 0.001) suggested that better diet quality was more strongly associated with lower HbA1c in food-insecure than food-secure participants. In adjusted models, lower follow-up HbA1c was associated with greater HEI 2005 score (β = -0.01 HbA1c % per HEI 2005 point, per year, P = 0.003) and with subscores of total vegetables (β = -0.09, P = 0.04) and dark green and orange vegetables and legumes (β = -0.06, P = 0.048). Compared with the minimum total vegetable score, a participant with the maximum score showed relative improvements of HbA1c of 0.5% per year. CONCLUSIONS: Food insecurity was associated with lower overall dietary quality and lower consumption of plant-based foods, which was associated with poor longitudinal glycemic control.
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and risk of incident cognitive impairment.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the relationship of greater adherence to Mediterranean diet (MeD) and likelihood of incident cognitive impairment (ICI) and evaluate the interaction of race and vascular risk factors. METHODS: A prospective, population-based, cohort of individuals enrolled in the Reasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) Study 2003-2007, excluding participants with history of stroke, impaired cognitive status at baseline, and missing data on Food Frequency Questionnaires (FFQ), was evaluated. Adherence to a MeD (scored as 0-9) was computed from FFQ. Cognitive status was evaluated at baseline and annually during a mean follow-up period of 4.0 ± 1.5 years using Six-item-Screener. RESULTS: ICI was identified in 1,248 (7%) out of 17,478 individuals fulfilling the inclusion criteria. Higher adherence to MeD was associated with lower likelihood of ICI before (odds ratio [lsqb]OR[rsqb] 0.89; 95% confidence interval [lsqb]CI[rsqb] 0.79-1.00) and after adjustment for potential confounders (OR 0.87; 95% CI 0.76-1.00) including demographic characteristics, environmental factors, vascular risk factors, depressive symptoms, and self-reported health status. There was no interaction between race (p = 0.2928) and association of adherence to MeD with cognitive status. However, we identified a strong interaction of diabetes mellitus (p = 0.0134) on the relationship of adherence to MeD with ICI; high adherence to MeD was associated with a lower likelihood of ICI in nondiabetic participants (OR 0.81; 95% CI 0.70-0.94; p = 0.0066) but not in diabetic individuals (OR 1.27; 95% CI 0.95-1.71; p = 0.1063). CONCLUSIONS: Higher adherence to MeD was associated with a lower likelihood of ICI independent of potential confounders. This association was moderated by presence of diabetes mellitus. FAU - Tsivgoulis, Georgios
[Benefits of an educational intervention on diet and anthropometric profile of women with one cardiovascular risk factor].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: To assess whether an educational intervention in perimenopausal women with hypertension, diabetes mellitus and/or dyslipidaemia would improve adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern and achieve changes in anthropometric parameters. PATIENTS: Randomized clinical trial of parallel groups: 320 women (45-60 years) in 2 urban primary care services. VARIABLES STUDIED: hip and waist circumference, body mass index (BMI), total, visceral and trunk fat (bioimpedance measures) and adherence to Mediterranean diet (MEDAS-14 questionnaire). Intervention group: 3 interactive workshops on prevention of cardiovascular disease, and control group: information by post. RESULTS: Two hundred and thirty women completed the study (113 control group and 117 intervention group). The differences between groups were significant in all parameters one year later. In the intragroup comparison, the intervention group maintained their BMI and improved adherence to the Mediterranean diet. The control group increased their BMI, abdominal and hip circumference and fat parameters (total, visceral and trunk fat). CONCLUSIONS: A simple educational intervention in perimenopausal women with cardiovascular risk can improve their healthy habits.
Comparison of a Mediterranean to a low-fat diet intervention in adults with type 1 diabetes and metabolic syndrome: A 6-month randomized trial.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is an emerging complication in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D), with no preventive or therapeutic treatment reported yet. We wanted to compare the impact of two 6-month nutritional interventions, based on a Mediterranean (MED) or a low-fat diet, on waist circumference, anthropometric and metabolic outcomes in patients with both T1D and the MS. METHODS AND RESULTS: Participants were randomized into 2 intervention groups: 1) MED-diet or 2) low-fat diet. The 6-month study included 9 teaching sessions with a registered dietitian. Anthropometric (primary outcome: waist circumference), metabolic and nutritional assessments were performed at inclusion, 3 and 6-month. We used mixed effects models to assess the effects of both interventions. 28 participants were included (50.9 ± 10.3 years old) with a mean BMI of 30.7 ± 3.3 kg/m(2) and a waist circumference of 105.5 ± 8.9 cm at inclusion. A trend towards a greater reduction of dietary fat intakes in the low-fat diet group was observed (P-interaction = 0.09). Waist circumference was reduced at 6-month in both groups (-3.5 cm low-fat; -1.5 cm MED-diet) with no significant difference between groups (P-interaction = 0.43). Body mass index also significantly decreased in both groups (-0.7 kg/m(2) low-fat; -1.1 kg/m(2) MED-diet; P-interaction = 0.56). No significant differences between groups were observed for other metabolic parameters. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that a 6-month non-restrictive dietary intervention in patients with T1D and MS could contribute to weight management, without significant differences between interventions for anthropometric and metabolic parameters. Further studies should investigate the long-term benefits of these diets. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: NCT02821585 (https://clinicaltrials.gov/).
[Severely increased serum lipid levels in diabetic ketoacidosis - case report].; Severe hypertriglyceridemia is a known, but uncommon complication of diabetic ketoacidosis. We discuss the case of a 23-year-old, previously healthy, woman who initially presented to the emergency department with abdominal pain. Grossly lipemic serum due to extremely high triglyceride (38.6 mmol/L) and cholesterol (23.2 mmol/L) levels were observed with a high blood glucose (23 mmol/L) and a low pH of 7.06 on a venous blood gas. She was treated successfully with fluids and insulin and had no sequale of pancreatitis or cerebral edema. Her triglycerides and cholesterol was normalized in three days and she was discharged home on insulin therapy after five days. Further history revealed a recent change in diet with no meat, fish or poultry consumption in the last 12 months and concomitantly an increase in carbohydrate intake which might have contributed to her extremely high serum lipid levels. This case demonstrates that clinicians should be mindful of the different presentations of diabetic ketoacidosis. Key words: diabetic ketoacidosis, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperlipidemia, vegan diet, carbohydrate diet. Correspondence: Hrafnkell Stefansson, hrafnkell.stefans@gmail.com. FAU - Stefansson, Hrafnkell
A Mediterranean diet with additional extra virgin olive oil and pistachios reduces the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A randomized controlled trial: The St. Carlos GDM prevention study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing and becoming a major public health concern. Whether a Mediterranean diet can help prevent GDM in unselected pregnant women has yet to be studied. METHODS: We conducted a prospective, randomized controlled trial to evaluate the incidence of GDM with two different dietary models. All consecutive normoglycemic (<92 mg/dL) pregnant women at 8-12 gestational weeks (GW) were assigned to Intervention Group (IG, n = 500): MedDiet supplemented with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios; or Control Group (CG, n = 500): standard diet with limited fat intake. Primary outcome was to assess the effect of the intervention on GDM incidence at 24-28 GW. Gestational weight gain (GWG), pregnancy-induced hypertension, caesarean section (CS), preterm delivery, perineal trauma, small and large for gestational age (SGA and LGA) and admissions to neonatal intensive care unit were also assessed. Analysis was by intention-to-treat. RESULTS: A total of 874 women completed the study (440/434, CG/IG). According to nutritional questionnaires and biomarker analysis, women in the IG had a good adherence to the intervention. 177/874 women were diagnosed with GDM, 103/440 (23.4%) in CG and 74/434(17.1%) in IG, p = 0.012. The crude relative risk (RR) for GDM was 0.73 (95% CI: 0.56-0.95; p = 0.020) IG vs CG and persisted after adjusted multivariable analysis, 0.75(95% CI: 0.57-0.98; p = 0.039). IG had also significantly reduced rates of insulin-treated GDM, prematurity, GWG at 24-28 and 36-38 GW, emergency CS, perineal trauma, and SGA and LGA newborns (all p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: An early nutritional intervention with a supplemented MedDiet reduces the incidence of GDM and improves several maternal and neonatal outcomes. FAU - Assaf-Balut, Carla
Mediterranean diet and metabolic syndrome in an urban population: the Athens Study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies demonstrated the beneficial impact of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on metabolic syndrome (MetS). The aim of this study was to retrospectively investigate the association between MedDiet and MetS in a representative sample of the Athenian population in the early 1980s, when MetS had not been established as an entity yet. METHODS: In a cross-sectional epidemiologic survey of cardiovascular disease (CVD), 2,074 randomly selected adults were examined: 900 men and 1,174 women (age, 46.9 ± 14.9 years). MetS was defined according to criteria of the National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III. A validated questionnaire concerning nutrition habits was administered, and MedDiet was assessed according to guidelines of the Division of Nutrition/Epidemiology, Athens University Medical School. RESULTS: Overall, 1,023 participants (49.3%) followed MedDiet (47.3% men, 52.0% women, P = .033) with similar rates across age groups (P = .337). MetS was diagnosed in 24.0% of those following MedDiet, compared with 27.9% of those not following it (P = .041). Participants with CVD or diabetes mellitus were less likely to follow MedDiet (43% vs 50%, P = .009). Multivariate analysis revealed that MedDiet is associated with a 20% reduction in MetS (odds ratio = 0.80, 95% confidence interval = 0.65-0.98), after adjustment for age, gender, smoking, light physical activity, serum levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and γ-glutamyl transferase, diabetes mellitus, CVD, family history of hypertension, and/or hyperlipidemia. CONCLUSIONS: Results indicate that adherence to MedDiet may attenuate the prevalence of MetS and, consequently, the increasing burden of diabetes mellitus and CVD, especially in urban populations. FAU - Gouveri, Evanthia T
Actions of Adjunctive Nutritional Antioxidants in Periodontitis and Prevalent Systemic Inflammatory Diseases.; Common risk markers for periodontitis and prevalent systemic comorbidities indicate similarities in their progression and molecular mechanisms involved. Resultant pro-oxidant disease profiles provide scope for attenuating their pathogeneses with appropriate adjunctive antioxidants. Levels of oxidative stress markers 8-hydroxy-deoxguanosine (8-HOdG) and malondialdehyde (MDA) are significantly higher in periodontitis and other chronic inflammatory conditions. There is a clear link between periodontitis and diseases associated with significant systemic inflammatory loading, such as metabolic syndrome. Micro- and macro-nutrients have proven to be effective in curbing molecular mechanisms that generate reactive oxygen and nitrogen species. A Mediterranean diet rich in fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grain, nuts, fish, olive oil and red wine in moderation, could be attributed to the lower occurrence of cardiovascular disease, insulin resistance and other inflammatory diseases in this region. A significant number of naturally occurring flavonoids have been identified in these products. Flavonoids comprising flavonols, flavones and isoflavones are potent free radical scavengers, effective in inhibiting lipid peroxidation, with anti-atherosclerotic and antihypertensive effects.The phenolic compound oleocanthal isolated in virgin olive oil has similar anti-inflammatory actions to that of ibuprofen. The anti-atherogenic effects of MUFA and PUFA in nuts, enhance endothelial function by reducing total cholesterol, oxidized LDL, hs-CRP, sVCAM-1 levels, lipids, lipoproteins and inflammatory markers. Epigenetics influenced by environmental factors and interactions between genes and nutrients, are important considerations in influencing these effects. Using antioxidants as therapeutic adjuncts could enhance the antioxidant capacity of an inherent glutathione system and overcome oxidative effects, thereby mitigating therapeutic side-effects. FAU - El-Shinnawi, U
Use of lifestyle changes treatment plans and drug therapy in controlling cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors.; Intervention in weight management should begin before the onset of the metabolic syndrome. Therapeutic lifestyle changes (e.g., diet and physical activity) comprise the cornerstone of care for overweight and obese patients. Behavior modification approaches are useful in facilitating adherence to specific dietary regimens. Pharmacotherapy is an option for patients with a BMI >30 kg/m(2) or for those with a BMI of 27 to 30 kg/m(2) and two or more risk factors, who have failed on diet and exercise alone. To date, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved three weight loss agents: sibutramine, orlistat, and phentermine. FAU - Pi-Sunyer, F Xavier
Antidiabetic Activity of Triticum aestivum Seed-Based Diet on Alloxan-Induced Diabetic Rats.; The antidiabetic activity of Triticum aestivum seed-based diet on alloxan-induced diabetic rats was investigated. Forty-eight male and female albino rats of four groups were used for this study. Rats were sacrificed on day 28 and organs of interest were excised. Triticum aestivum seed-based diet significantly (p < .05) reversed the levels of fasting blood glucose, albumin, globulin, bilirubin, urea, creatinine, Na(+), and K(+). In addition, diabetic rats fed Triticum aestivum seed-based diet had significantly (p < .05) increased insulin and glycogen concentrations, activities of hexokinase, catalase, superoxide dismutase, and glutathione peroxidase and the levels of hematological parameters studied. Diabetic rats fed on Triticum aestivum seed had significantly (p < .05) reduced activities of glucose-6-phosphatase and fructose 1,6-diphosphatase and concentration of MDA and reversed activities of AST and GGT; ALP and regeneration of liver, kidney, and pancreas tissues compared favorably with the control group from histological examination results. Consumption of this diet may be useful for diabetes mellitus patients in ameliorating diabetes mellitus and its complications. FAU - Ajiboye, B O
Diabetes prevention program in a Mediterranean environment: individual or group therapy? An effectiveness evaluation.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes as a multifactorial disorder requires prevention measures based upon the modification of several risk factors simultaneously; otherwise, there is insufficient potential for prevention. Following the success of the American Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), we implemented an intervention program in a large Israeli healthcare organization with an emphasize on Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) and physical activity. The objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of two types of intervention, individual and group therapies, in reducing risk factors and in preventing or delaying the development of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Out of 180 primary care physicians, 85 who agreed to participate, were randomly assigned, between the years 2005 and 2006, into two groups: those who would refer pre-diabetes adult patients for individual therapy and those who would refer for group therapy. The two groups of patients consisted of 111 and 112 in each group. The intervention lasted for 6 months and discussed: the benefits of MedDiet, planning nutritional behavior and mindful eating, and the importance of physical activity. All patients were invited to participate in walking groups. Follow up lasted for 24 months and logistic, mixed models, and Cox regressions were employed. RESULTS: No statistically significant differences were detected between the two intervention groups in age; gender and clinical measurements at recruitment. Thirty nine percent of both groups developed diabetes (entered the DR by 2012), including 38.7% from the individual therapy and 39.3% from the group therapy (P=0.933). The mean time from 2005 until entry to the Diabetes Registry (DR) was 2.9 and 2.5 years for the individual and group therapy respectively (P=0.542). CONCLUSION: Both interventions were equally effective in achieving the desired outcomes and time until entry to the DR. For large health organizations with a high number of pre-diabetes patients and scarce resources, group therapy, where 12 people are reached out by one team member are preferable and more costly effective, than a one on one therapy.
Modifiable predictors of dementia in mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Public health campaigns encouraging early help seeking have increased rates of mild cognitive impairment (MCI) diagnosis in Western countries, but we know little about how to treat or predict dementia outcomes in persons with the condition. METHOD: The authors searched electronic databases and references for longitudinal studies reporting potentially modifiable risk factors for incident dementia after MCI. Two authors independently evaluated study quality using a checklist. Meta-analyses were conducted of three or more studies. RESULTS: There were 76 eligible articles. Diabetes and prediabetes increased risk of conversion from amnestic MCI to Alzheimer's dementia; risk in treated versus untreated diabetes was lower in one study. Diabetes was also associated with increased risk of conversion from any-type or nonamnestic MCI to all-cause dementia. Metabolic syndrome and prediabetes predicted all-cause dementia in people with amnestic and any-type MCI, respectively. Mediterranean diet decreased the risk of conversion to Alzheimer's dementia. The presence of neuropsychiatric symptoms or lower serum folate levels predicted conversion from any-type MCI to all-cause dementia, but less formal education did not. Depressive symptoms predicted conversion from any-type MCI to all-cause dementia in epidemiological but not clinical studies. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes increased the risk of conversion to dementia. Other prognostic factors that are potentially manageable are prediabetes and the metabolic syndrome, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and low dietary folate. Dietary interventions and interventions to reduce neuropsychiatric symptoms, including depression, that increase risk of conversion to dementia may decrease new incidence of dementia. FAU - Cooper, Claudia
Mediterranean diet and familial dysmetabolism as factors influencing the development of acne.; AIM: To investigate the effects of adherence to the Mediterranean diet and familial dysmetabolisms on acne development. METHODS: A community-based case-control study was carried out in Italy enrolling cases as acneic outpatients of a dermatological ambulatory service and controls as clinically healthy acne-free subjects. Food consumption were evaluated with a validated food-frequency questionnaire, exploring the consumption of pasta, meat, cheese, fish, fruit, vegetables, and olive oil. Adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet was assessed by a 10-point Mediterranean diet scale that incorporated the main characteristics of this diet. A logistic regression analysis estimated the variables who predicted the odds of being case, using those variables that at the univariate analysis yielded a p-value <0.25. Results are presented as odds ratio (OR) or adjusted OR (AOR). RESULTS: The study included 93 cases (36.6% males, median age 17 years) and 200 controls (32% males, median age 16 years). The Mediterranean diet score ≥6 revealed a protective effect towards acne (crude OR 0.22, 95% CI 0.08-0.64). Logistic regression analysis showed that familial hypercholesterolaemia, diabetes, and hypertension are strong risk factors for acne (AOR 8.79, 95% CI 1.67-46.22; 3.32, 95% CI 1.27-8.63; and 2.73, 95% CI 1.07-6.96, respectively), while the Mediterranean diet represents a protective factor (score ≥6, AOR 0.31, 95% CI 0.11-0.89). CONCLUSIONS: The odds for familial dysmetabolisms was higher in cases than in controls, confirming their role in determining or maintaining acne. Moreover, this is the first study demonstrating a protective role of the Mediterranean diet in the pathogenesis of acne. FAU - Skroza, Nevena
Pre-pregnancy dietary patterns and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: results from an Australian population-based prospective cohort study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We examined the associations between pre-pregnancy dietary patterns and the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a population-based cohort study of women of reproductive age. METHODS: The Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health included 3,853 women without pre-existing diabetes who were followed-up between 2003 and 2012. Pre-pregnancy dietary patterns were derived using factor analysis based on 101 food items from a validated food frequency questionnaire. GDM was self-reported and validated in a subsample. Multivariable regression models with generalised estimating equations were used to estimate RR and 95% CI. RESULTS: During 9 years follow-up, 292 GDM cases (4.4%) were documented in 6,626 pregnancies. No associations were found for the 'Fruit and low-fat dairy' and 'Cooked vegetables' patterns. The 'Meats, snacks and sweets' pattern was associated with higher GDM risk after adjustment for socioeconomic, reproductive and lifestyle factors (RR [95% CI] per SD increase in score: 1.38 [1.02, 1.86]). Further adjustment for BMI attenuated the results (1.35 [0.98, 1.81]). In stratified analysis, the 'Meats, snacks and sweets' pattern was associated with significantly higher GDM risk in parous and obese women, and in women with lower educational qualifications. The 'Mediterranean-style' pattern was associated with lower GDM risk in the fully adjusted model (0.85 [0.76, 0.98]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings support general dietary recommendations for women of reproductive age to consume a diet rich in vegetables, whole grains, nuts and fish, and low in red and processed meats and snacks. Further prospective studies are needed to confirm these findings. FAU - Schoenaker, Danielle A J M
Adherence to the Mediterranean food pattern predicts the prevalence of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes and obesity, among healthy adults; the accuracy of the MedDietScore.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the accuracy of a diet score in relation to hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes and obesity. METHODS: A diet score (range 0-55) has been developed that assesses adherence to the Mediterranean diet. For the consumption of items presumed to be close to Mediterranean dietary pattern (non-refined cereals, fruits, vegetables, legumes, olive oil, fish and potatoes) scores 0 to 5 for never, rare, frequent, very frequent, weekly and daily consumption were assigned, while for the consumption of foods presumed to be away from this pattern (red meat and products, poultry and full fat dairy products) scores on a reverse scale were assigned. Positive and negative predictive values, in relation to hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes and obesity status of the ATTICA study participants (n=3042, enrolment 2001-02 in Athens metropolitan area, aged 18-89 years) were calculated and the 10-year CHD risk based on Framingham equations was estimated, too. RESULTS: The positive predictive values of the score regarding hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes and obesity are: 45% (95% CI 43%-48%), 46% (95% CI 44%-49%), 12% (95% CI 11%-14%) and 33% (95% CI 30%-35%), while the negative predictive values are 86% (95% CI 85%-88%), 71% (95% CI 69%-74%), 98% (95% CI 97%-99%) and 97% (95% CI 96%-98%), respectively. Moreover, a 10-unit increase in the diet score is associated with 4% lower 10-year CHD risk (+/-0.1%, p<0.001). CONCLUSION: The proposed Mediterranean Diet Score may be useful in detecting individuals prone to the development of nutrition-related health conditions and cardiovascular disease. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
[Eating behaviours of italian adults: results of the Osservatorio epidemiologico cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey].; OBJECTIVES: to describe eating behaviours of the Italian adult population collected by the Osservatorio Epidemiologico Cardiovascolare/Health Examination Survey during 2008- 2012. DESIGN: cross-sectional survey conducted in all Italian regions; random samples of the general population, stratified by age and sex, in 23 municipalities, 220 persons every 1.5 million people. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: 9,111 persons examined, aged 25-79 years; participation rate of 53%; data of 8,462 persons were used in this analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: lifestyles, risk factors, and high risk conditions were measured. Eating behaviours were assessed by the EPIC questionnaire, which includes principal foods, portions, and eating patterns; principal health eating behaviours and nutrients were described by macroareas; sodium and potassium intake were measured also by 24h urine collection; data were compared to the Mediterranean model described in the Sixties nutritional survey carried out in Nicotera, a municipality of Calabria Region, Southern Italy. RESULTS: the eating behaviours are healthy only in a part of the population: 30% have adequate intake of vegetables and fish; only 10% use cakes/sweets/desserts once a week as recommended. Energy intake from saturated fat and sugars are high. Compared to the Sixties Mediterranean model, consumption of cereals, potatoes, and legumes are reduced by half, while meats, cheeses, milk, and in particular sweets are more than doubled. CONCLUSIONS: taking into account the distribution of risk factors and high risk conditions as overweight/obesity, which affects almost 75% of the adult population, physical inactivity (30-40%), hypertension (50%), hypercholesterolemia (35%), and diabetes (7-11%), community actions for improving diet in the population are urgent. Education of the population is also needed to reduce portions and salt intake, and to use less olive oil and wine given their high caloric values, as recommended by the modern Mediterranean diet. FAU - Giampaoli, Simona
[Medicinal plants and diabetes mellitus].; Diabetes mellitus is a group of chronic metabolic disorders. Hyperglycaemia and other related disturbances in the body's metabolism can result in serious damage to many of the body's systems, especially the blood vessels and nerves. Across the globe, there are an estimated 150 million people suffering from diabetes mellitus, which causes about 5 % of all deaths globally each year. From many reports it is clear that diabetes will be one of the major diseases in the coming years. Existing treatment options are costly, and have limited palliative effects. It stimulates finding new medicines or suitable prophylactic treatments. Plant-based medicinal products known since ancient times have been used to control diabetes in the traditional medicinal systems. Numerous medicinal plants have been studied and validated for their hypoglycaemic properties using diabetic animal models but not so often in clinical studies. Testing of many plant extracts and plant substances continue. This review paper presents selected information on the hypoglycemic and antihyperglycaemic activities of tested preparations of plant origin. FAU - Suchý, V
Natural products as alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors and their hypoglycaemic potential in the treatment of diabetes: an update.; The inhibition of alpha-glucosidase and alpha-amylase, enzymes involved in the digestion of carbohydrates, can significantly reduce the post-prandial increase of blood glucose and therefore can be an important strategy in the management of blood glucose level in type 2 diabetic and borderline patients. Currently, there is renewed interest in plant-based medicines and functional foods modulating physiological effects in the prevention and cure of diabetes and obesity. The plant kingdom is a wide field to search for natural effective oral hypoglycaemic agents that have slight or no side effects. More than ca. 1200 plant species have been recorded to be used empirically worldwide for their alleged hypoglycaemic activity. Therefore, natural alpha-glucosidase and alpha-amylase inhibitors from plant sources offer an attractive strategy for the control of hyperglycaemia. This article reviews recent data on plant extracts and isolated natural compounds that are being tested for their hypglycaemic activity, highlights ongoing research and considers the future persepctives. FAU - Tundis, R
Identification of change-points in the relationship between food groups in the Mediterranean diet and overall mortality: an 'a posteriori' approach.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to Mediterranean diet has been shown to be associated with a better health and greater survival. The aim of the present study was to identify change-points in the relationship between food groups composing Mediterranean diet and overall mortality. METHODS: The population of the Greek EPIC prospective cohort study (23,349 adult men and women in the Greek EPIC sample who had not previously been diagnosed as having cancer, coronary heart disease or diabetes mellitus at enrolment) was analysed. Segmented logistic regression analysis was conducted to examine the association between each of the food groups contributing to the Mediterranean diet score and overall mortality. RESULTS: This analysis allowed the determination of the following change-points: among men: 1 change-point for vegetables, legumes, cereals, fish and seafood and dairy products and 2 change-points for fruit and nuts, meat and meat products and ethanol; among women: 1 change-point for legumes and fish and seafood and 2 change-points for the remaining food groups. These cut-off points were used to construct an 'a posteriori' score that may be better in capturing the health-promoting potential of the traditional Mediterranean diet. CONCLUSION: Identification of change-points in the relationship between components of the Mediterranean diet and mortality can be used to increase the discriminatory ability of a widely used Mediterranean diet score in relation to mortality. FAU - Sofi, Francesco
Herbal Remedies: A Boon for Diabetic Neuropathy.; Diabetic neuropathy is a chronic complication of diabetes mellitus affecting about 50% of patients. Its symptoms include decreased motility and severe pain in peripheral parts. The pathogenesis involved is an abnormality in blood vessels that supply the peripheral nerves, metabolic disorders such as myo-inositol depletion, and increased nonenzymatic glycation. Moreover, oxidative stress in neurons results in activation of multiple biochemical pathways, which results in the generation of free radicals. Apart from available marketed formulations, extensive research is being carried out on herbal-based natural products to control hyperglycemia and its associated complications. This review is focused to provide a summary on diabetic neuropathy covering its etiology, types, and existing work on herbal-based therapies, which include pure compounds isolated from plant materials, plant extracts, and Ayurvedic preparations. FAU - Tiwari, Reshu
Adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet and reduced prevalence of clustered cardiovascular risk factors in a cohort of 3,204 high-risk patients.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean food pattern (MeDiet) has been suggested to have beneficial effects on cardiovascular risk factors. Scarcity of assessment of this effect on large samples of patients at high risk is, however, observed. Our objective was to estimate the association between adherence to MeDiet and the prevalence of risk factors in 3,204 asymptomatic high-risk patients. DESIGN: Cross-sectional assessment of baseline characteristics of participants in a primary prevention trial. METHODS: Participants were assessed by their usual primary-care physicians to ascertain the prevalence of diet-related cardiovascular risk factors (diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, or obesity) using standard diagnostic criteria. A dietitian interviewed each participant to obtain a 14-point score measuring the degree of adherence to MeDiet. RESULTS: Adherence to MeDiet was inversely associated with individual risk factors and, above all, with the clustering of them. The multivariate adjusted odds ratio to present simultaneously the four risk factors for those above the median value of the MeDiet score was 0.67 (95% confidence interval: 0.53-0.85). The multivariate odds ratios for successive categories of adherence to MeDiet were 1 (ref.), 1.03, 0.85, 0.70 and 0.54 (P for trend <0.001). CONCLUSION: Following a MeDiet was inversely associated with the clustering of hypertension, diabetes, obesity, and hypercholesterolemia among high-risk patients. FAU - Sánchez-Taínta, Ana
Feeding a protective hydrolysed casein diet to young diabetic-prone BB rats affects oxidation of L[U-14C]glutamine in islets and Peyer's patches, reduces abnormally high mitotic activity in mesenteric lymph nodes, enhances islet insulin and tends to normalize NO production.; The present studies were undertaken to examine concomitant diet-induced changes in pancreatic islets and cells of the gut immune system of diabetes-prone BB rats in the period before classic insulitis. Diabetes-prone (BBdp) and control nondiabetes prone (BBc) BB rats were fed for approximately 17 days either a mainly plant-based standard laboratory rodent diet associated with high diabetes frequency, NIH-07 (NIH) or a protective semipurified diet with hydrolyzed casein (HC) as the amino acid source. By about 7 weeks of age, NIH-fed BBdp rats had lower plasma insulin and insulin/glucose ratio, lower insulin content of isolated islets, lower basal levels of NO but higher responsiveness of NO production to IL-1beta in cultured islets, and higher Con A response and biosynthetic activities in mesenteric lymphocytes than control rats fed the same diet. In control rats, the HC diet caused only minor changes in most variables, except for a decrease in oxidation of L-[U-14C]glutamine in Peyer's patch (PP) cells and an increase in protein biosynthesis in mesenteric lymphocytes. In BBdp rats, however, the HC diet increased plasma insulin concentration, islet insulin/protein ratio, and tended to normalize the basal and IL-1beta-stimulated NO production by cultured islets. The HC diet decreased oxidation of L[U-14C]glutamine in BBdp pancreatic islets, whereas oxidation of L-[U-14C]glutamine in PP cells was increased, and the basal [Methyl-3H]thymidine incorporation in mesenteric lymphocytes was decreased. These findings are compatible with the view that alteration of nutrient catabolism in islet cells as well as key cells of the gut immune system, particularly changes in mitotic and biosynthetic activities in mesenteric lymphocytes, as well as basal and IL-1beta stimulated NO production, participate in the sequence of events leading to autoimmune diabetes in BB rats. Thus, the protection afforded by feeding a hydrolysed casein-based diet derives from alterations in both the target islet tissue and key cells of the gut immune system in this animal model of type 1 diabetes. FAU - Malaisse, W J
Prevalence and risk factors of gallstone disease in an adult population of Taiwan: an epidemiological survey.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and risk factors of gallstone disease (GSD) in an adult population of Taiwan through a population-based screening study. METHODS: A cross-sectional community study in a rural village of Taiwan was conducted in 3333 Chinese adults (aged > or = 18 years) undergoing ultrasonography. A questionnaire on personal history was completed to ascertain whether the removed gallbladder contained stones in all cholecystectomized subjects, the dietary habits (vegetarian/non-vegetarian diet), the history of GSD in the participant's first-degree relatives, the history of gastrointestinal surgery (vagotomy, gastrectomy for peptic ulcer disease, or ileal resection), parity, and use of oral contraceptives. The demographic characteristics and biochemical parameters were recorded. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of GSD was 5.0% (4.6% in men, 5.4% in women) with no significant sex differences (men/women: odds ratio [OR] 0.71, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.50-1.01, P = 0.058). Logistic regression analysis showed that increasing age (men: 40-64 years, OR 7.38, 95% CI 2.59-21.01, P < 0.001 and > or = 65 years, OR 14.16, 95% CI 4.84-41.47, P < 0.001; women: 40-64 years, OR 4.08, 95% CI 1.90-8.75, P < 0.001 and > or = 65 years, OR 6.78, 95% CI 2.97-15.46, P < 0.001) and the presence of fatty liver evidenced by ultrasonography (men: OR 2.24, 95% CI 1.32-3.80, P = 0.003; women: OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.33-3.42, P = 0.002) were risk factors for GSD. Additionally, fasting plasma glucose > or = 126 mg/dL (OR 2.11, 95% CI 1.16-3.83, P = 0.014), history of GSD in the first-degree relatives (OR 7.47, 95% CI 2.22-25.12, P = 0.001), and use of oral contraceptives (OR 10.71, 95% CI 3.06-37.49, P < 0.001) were risk factors for GSD in women, but fasting plasma glucose > or = 126 mg/dL was only correlated to GSD without controlling for other confounding factors in men. Other demographic characteristics and biochemical parameters, such as high body mass index (> or = 25 kg/m2), increased parity, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, hyperuricemia, hepatitis C infection and cirrhosis, did not exhibit any correlation to GSD in logistic regression analysis, although they appeared to be related to GSD in women in univariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Age and fatty liver in both sexes were found to be risk factors for GSD in the study population. The finding of a correlation between fatty liver and GSD is an important addition to the literature concerning the risk factors of GSD. Diabetes mellitus, history of GSD in the first-degree relatives, and use of oral contraceptives were also risk factors for GSD in women. FAU - Chen, Chien-Hua
Healthful Dietary Patterns and the Risk of Hypertension Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; Women who developed gestational diabetes mellitus represent a high-risk population for hypertension later in life. The role of diet in the progression of hypertension among this susceptible population is unknown. We conducted a prospective cohort study of 3818 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Nurses' Health Study II as part of the ongoing Diabetes & Women's Health Study. These women were followed-up from 1989 to 2011. Incident hypertension was identified through self-administered questionnaires that were validated previously by medical record review. Adherence scores for the alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010, the alternative Mediterranean diet, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension were computed for each participant. Cox proportional hazard models were used to evaluate the associations between dietary scores and hypertension while adjusting for major risk factors for hypertension. We documented 1069 incident hypertension cases during a median of 18.5 years of follow-up. After adjustment for major risk factors for hypertension, including body mass index, alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010, alternative Mediterranean diet, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension scores were significantly inversely associated with the risk of hypertension; hazard ratio and 95% confidence interval comparing the extreme quartiles (highest versus lowest) were 0.76 (0.61-0.94; P for linear trend =0.03) for AHEI score, 0.72 (0.58-0.90; P for trend =0.01) for Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension score, and 0.70 (0.56-0.88; P for trend =0.002) for alternative Mediterranean diet score. Adherence to a healthful dietary pattern was related to a lower subsequent risk of developing hypertension among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
A Mediterranean Diet with an Enhanced Consumption of Extra Virgin Olive Oil and Pistachios Improves Pregnancy Outcomes in Women Without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Sub-Analysis of the St. Carlos Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Study.; AIMS: The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), enhanced with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) and nuts, on a composite of adverse maternofoetal outcomes of women with normoglycemia during pregnancy. METHODS: This was a sub-analysis of the St Carlos gestational diabetes mellitus Prevention Study. Only normoglycemic women were analysed (697). They were randomized (at 8-12th gestational weeks) to: standard-care control group (337), where fat consumption was limited to 30% of total caloric intake; or intervention group (360), where a MedDiet, enhanced with EVOO and pistachios (40-42% fats of total caloric intake) was recommended. The primary outcome was a composite of maternofoetal outcomes (CMFOs): at least having 1 event of emergency C-section, perineal trauma, pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia, prematurity, large-for-gestational-age and small-for gestational-age. RESULTS: Crude relative risk showed that the intervention was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of CMFOs (0.48 [0.37-0.63]; p = 0.0001), with a number-needed-to-treat = 5. Risk of urinary tract infections, emergency C-sections, perineal trauma, large-for-gestational-age and small-for gestational age new-borns were also significantly reduced. CONCLUSION: A MedDiet, enhanced with EVOO and nuts, was associated with a risk reduction of CMFOs in over 50% in normoglycemic pregnant women. Therefore, it might be a potentially adequate diet for pregnant women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Identifier ISRCTN84389045. The study was registered on September 27, 2013. Last edited on September 26, 2018.
Diet and Diabetic Kidney Disease: Plant Versus Animal Protein.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The goal of this review is to present an overview of the evidence on the effectiveness of plant-based diets in delaying progression of diabetic kidney disease (DKD). RECENT FINDINGS: The ideal quantity of dietary protein has been a controversial topic for patients with DKD. Smaller studies have focused on protein source, plant versus animal, for preventing progression. Limited evidence suggests that dietary patterns that focus on plant-based foods, those that are lower in processed foods, or those that are lower in advanced glycation end products (AGE) may be useful in prevention of DKD progression. Increasing plant-based foods, incorporating diet patterns that limit processed foods, or potentially lowering AGE contents in diets may be beneficial for dietary management of DKD. However, dietary studies specifically targeted at DKD treatment are sparse. Further, large trials powered to assess outcomes including changes in kidney function, end-stage kidney disease, and mortality are needed to provide more substantial evidence for these diets. FAU - Moorthi, Ranjani N
Intake of fiber and fiber-rich plant foods is associated with a lower risk of renal cell carcinoma in a large US cohort.; BACKGROUND: Plant-based and fiber-rich diets high in vegetables, fruit, and whole grains are recommended to prevent cancer and chronic conditions associated with renal cell carcinoma (RCC), such as obesity, hypertension, and diabetes. Diet may play a role in the etiology of RCC directly and/or indirectly. OBJECTIVE: In a large prospective cohort of US men and women, we comprehensively investigated dietary intake and food sources of fiber in relation to RCC risk. DESIGN: Participants of the NIH-AARP Diet and Health Study (n = 491,841) completed a self-administered questionnaire of demographics, diet, lifestyle, and medical history. Over 9 (mean) years of follow-up we identified 1816 incident cases of RCC. HRs and 95% CIs were estimated within quintiles by using multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: Total dietary fiber intake was associated with a significant 15-20% lower risk of RCC in the 2 highest quintiles compared with the lowest (P-trend = 0.005). Intakes of legumes, whole grains, and cruciferous vegetables were also associated with a 16-18% reduced risk of RCC. Conversely, refined grain intake was positively associated with RCC risk in a comparison of quintile 5 with quintile 1 (HR: 1.19; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.39; P-trend = 0.04). The inverse association between fiber intake and RCC was consistent among participants who never smoked, had a body mass index [BMI (in kg/m(2))] <30, and did not report a history of diabetes or hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Intake of fiber and fiber-rich plant foods was associated with a significantly lower risk of RCC in this large US cohort. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00340015. FAU - Daniel, Carrie R
Relationship of carotid intima-media thickness and duration of vegetarian diet in Chinese male vegetarians.; OBJECTIVE: Many studies have shown that vegetarian diet has beneficial effects on the prevention of cardiovascular diseases. However, the effect of vegetarian diet on carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), as well as the association between IMT and duration of vegetarian diet, are still unclear. The present study aims to investigate the influence of duration of vegetarian diet on cardiovascular risk factors, and more importantly on IMT among Chinese vegetarians. METHODS: One hundred and seventy-one Chinese male vegetarians were screened for metabolic profile, cardiovascular risk and carotid IMT. They were compared with 129 age-matched omnivores recruited from a community-based health project. The effects of confounding factors were adjusted by stepwise logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Compared to the omnivores, the vegetarians had lower BMI, weight, systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure. Also, the levels of triglyceride, total cholesterol, HDL-Cholesterol, LDL-Cholesterol, ApoA1, ApoB, uric acid, albumin and γ-glutamyltransferase were significantly reduced in vegetarians. Omnivores had significantly higher fasting blood glucose than that of vegetarians. However, there were no differences in fasting insulin, C-reactive protein and HOMA-IR between the two groups. IMT was thinner in the vegetarian group than in the omnivore group (0.59 ± 0.16 vs. 0.63 ± 0.10 cm, P < 0.05). The vegetarians were divided according to duration of vegetarian diet (< 6 years, 6 to ≤ 11 years, > 11 years), those in tertile 1 (< 6 years) and tertile 2 (6 to ≤ 11 years) had shown thinner IMT as compared to the omnivores, and tertile 3 had shown no reduction. CONCLUSION: A decrease in multiple cardiovascular risk factors such as BMI, blood pressure and lipid profile was associated with vegetarian diet. Moreover, taking a low-calorie, low-protein, or vegetarian diet might have great beneficial effects on IMT through improved lipid profile, and the beneficial effects appeared to be correlated with the duration of vegetarian diet. FAU - Yang, Shu-Yu
Diabetes mellitus and obesity.; Numerous vitamins, herbs, supplements, and other agents are readily available for the treatment of diabetes and obesity. Many of these products have little evidence-based medical support to prove the efficacy of these supplements. The physician must be aware that their patients are using these products and must be knowledgeable about their side effects and drug-herb interactions. Our patients have tremendous access to medical information in the lay literature and on the internet. They are using this information to gain access to various diet therapies. Numerous fad diets consisting of various combinations of protein, carbohydrate, and fat are widely publicized but not grounded in evidence. Liquid diets and supplements are readily available and widely used by the public with little long-term beneficial effects on obese patients. Other alternative methods, such as hypnotherapy, acupuncture, biofeedback, and electrogalvanic therapy, have become widely available and seem to have little adverse reaction, but whose benefits remain to be proved. The physician must recognize the widespread use of these products and work with patients and alternative practitioners to deliver comprehensive quality care. Physicians who become comfortable with these products should consider their judicious use while monitoring for side effects and drug interaction. It is hoped that with further evidence-based study many of these products and techniques will enter mainstream medicine. FAU - Roth, Alan
Inflammation, obesity and comorbidities: the role of diet.; The adipocyte metabolism has been shown to change during the fat enlargement process associated to obesity. Several procoagulant proteins such as plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1, tissue factor or factor VII and also inducible nitric oxide synthase show higher expression in adipose tissue of obese people in comparison to lean. This overexpression could explain at least a part of the atherogenic and cardiovascular risk associated with obesity. In addition to cytokine secretion, many other features have been observed to be common to adipocyte and monocyte/macrophage lines: for example, phagocytic and microbicidal activities, and possibly a cellular plasticity of adipose precursors. Overweight and obesity are associated with an increased risk of such metabolic abnormalities as dyslipidemia, hypertension or type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases, common features of the metabolic syndrome. Initially, insulin resistance or hyperinsulinemia was suggested as the origin of these abnormalities. More recent studies indicate that adipokynes have an important role in obesity-associated metabolic complications, and suggest that chronically elevated local or systemic concentrations of adipokynes contribute to the development of complications associated with obesity and metabolic syndrome. Considering all the evidence relating to diet and inflammation, the best diet for protecting against the metabolic derangements associated with obesity and metabolic syndrome would be high in fibre-rich cereals, fruit, vegetables, fish, virgin olive oil and nuts; moderate in wine; and low in meat, processed meat foods and trans-fatty acids. FAU - Bulló, Mónica
Dietary effects on insulin and nutrient metabolism in mesenteric lymph node cells, splenocytes, and pancreatic islets of BB rats.; The present studies were performed to determine if a protective diet has different effects on the metabolic activity or function of islet cells, as well as the metabolic activity of mesenteric lymph node (MLN) cells and spleen cells, from BioBreeding (BB) rats. Diabetes-prone BB (BBdp) rats and control non-diabetes-prone BB (BBc) rats were fed for about 20 days either a mainly plant-based diabetogenic diet, NIH-07 (NIH), or a protective semipurified diet with hydrolyzed casein (HC) as the amino acid source. At 6 to 8 weeks of age, BBdp rats had high plasma D-glucose and low insulin concentrations, low insulin content, and low metabolic and secretory responses to D-glucose in isolated pancreatic islets. Islet metabolism, as measured by accumulation of 14C-acidic metabolites, amino acids, and the ratio of D-[U-14C]glucose oxidation and D-[5-3H]glucose utilization was increased in control rats fed HC (P < .05); a similar trend in BBdp rats was not significant. Feeding the HC diet increased islet insulin content (P < .01) by 13% in BBdp and 23% in BBc rats; other metabolic and hormonal variables were unaffected. Compared with BBc rats, BBdp rats displayed higher rates of L-[U-14C]glutamine oxidation, D-[5-3H]glucose utilization, and D-[U-14C]glucose oxidation in MLN cells, but not in splenocytes. There was a dramatic decrease of L-[U-14C]glutamine oxidation in MLN cells from BBc and BBdp rats fed HC. Glycolysis was decreased in control rats. We conclude that the protection afforded by feeding BBdp rats a HC diet is associated with increased insulin in target beta cells and downregulation of metabolic activity in gut-associated MLN cells. Metabolic activity in splenocytes, cells representative of the systemic immune system, was less affected. These data suggest that diet-induced metabolic changes occur in the islets and nearby cells of the gut immune system in the period before classic insulitis. Changes in the islets were smaller in comparison to the dramatic remodeling of nutrient catabolism in MLN cells. MLN downregulation may reflect baseline metabolic activity in the absence of diabetogenic (or other) food antigens and further highlights an important interaction between diabetogenic food antigens and the gut immune tissues. FAU - Scott, F W
Cinnamic Acid and Its Derivatives: Mechanisms for Prevention and Management of Diabetes and Its Complications. LID - 10.3390/nu9020163 [doi] LID - 163; With recent insight into the development of dietary supplements and functional foods, search of effective phytochemical compounds and their mechanisms involved in prevention and management of diabetes and its complications are now being assessed. Cinnamic acid and its derivatives occur naturally in high levels of plant-based foods. Among various biological activities, cinnamic acid and its derivatives are associated with a beneficial influence on diabetes and its complications. The aim of the review is to summarize the potential mechanisms of these compounds for prevention and management of diabetes and its complications. Based on several in vitro studies and animal models, cinnamic acid and its derivatives act on different mechanism of actions, including stimulation of insulin secretion, improvement of pancreatic β-cell functionality, inhibition of hepatic gluconeogenesis, enhanced glucose uptake, increased insulin signaling pathway, delay of carbohydrate digestion and glucose absorption, and inhibition of protein glycation and insulin fibrillation. However, due to the limited intestinal absorption being a result of low bioavailability of cinnamic acid and its derivatives, current improvement efforts with entrapping into solid and liquid particles are highlighted. Further human clinical studies are needed to clarify the effects of cinnamic acid and its derivatives in diabetic patients. FAU - Adisakwattana, Sirichai
Mediterranean diet and multiple health outcomes: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of observational studies and randomised trials.; Research has shown that a greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with a reduced risk of major chronic disease. However, the existing literature leads to debate for different issues, such as the measurement of the adherence to the Mediterranean diet, the use of a wide variety of dietary indices with various food components and the large heterogeneity across the studies. In order to summarise the evidence and evaluate the validity of the association between the adherence to the Mediterranean diet and multiple health outcomes, an umbrella review of the evidence across meta-analyses of observational studies and randomised clinical trials (RCTs) was performed. Thirteen meta-analyses of observational studies and 16 meta-analyses of RCTs investigating the association between the adherence to the Mediterranean diet and 37 different health outcomes, for a total population of over than 12 800 000 subjects, were identified. A robust evidence, supported by a P-value<0.001, a large simple size, and not a considerable heterogeneity between studies, for a greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet and a reduced the risk of overall mortality, cardiovascular diseases, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, overall cancer incidence, neurodegenerative diseases and diabetes was found. For most of the site-specific cancers, as well as for inflammatory and metabolic parameters, the evidence was only suggestive or weak and further studies are needed to draw firmer conclusions. No evidence, on the other hand, was reported for bladder, endometrial and ovarian cancers, as well as for LDL (low density lipoprotein)-cholesterol levels. FAU - Dinu, M
Association of adherence to a Mediterranean diet with glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in youth with type I diabetes: the SEARCH Nutrition Ancillary Study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine the association between a Mediterranean diet and glycemic control and other cardiovascular risk factors among youth with type I diabetes (TID). SUBJECTS/METHODS: Incident TID cases aged <20 years at diagnosis between 2002 and 2005 were included. Participants were seen at baseline (N=793), 1-year (N=512) and 5-year follow-up visits (N=501). Mediterranean diet score was assessed using a modified KIDMED index (mKIDMED). Multivariate linear regression and longitudinal mixed model were applied to determine the association between mKIDMED score and log-HbA1c, lipids, blood pressure (BP) and obesity. RESULTS: In cross-sectional analyses using baseline data, for individuals with the hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) of 7.5%, a two-point higher mKIDMED score (1 s.d.) was associated with 0.15% lower HbA1c (P=0.02). A two-point higher mKIDMED score was associated with 4.0 mg/dl lower total cholesterol (TC) (P=0.006), 3.4 mg/dl lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) (P=0.004), 3.9 mg/dl lower non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) (P=0.004) and 0.07 lower LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (P=0.02). Using longitudinal data, a two-point increase in mKIDMED score was associated with 0.01% lower log-HbA1c (P=0.07), 1.8 mg/dl lower TC (P=0.05), 1.6 mg/dl lower LDL-C (P=0.03) and 1.8 mg/dl lower non-HDL-C (P=0.03) than would otherwise have been expected. HbA1c mediated ∼20% of the association for lipids in both cross-sectional and longitudinal models. An unexpected positive association between mKIDMED score and systolic BP was found among non-Hispanic white youth in cross-sectional analyses (P=0.009). Mediterranean diet was not associated with obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean diet may improve glycemic control and cardiovascular health in TID youth. FAU - Zhong, V W
Antidiabetic dietary materials and animal models.; The ever-increasing occurrence of diabetes worldwide demands cost-effective anti-diabetic strategies. Food-based materials have great potential as efficient anti-diabetic agents. Focusing on the literatures of the recent 5years, this review summarizes the methods, findings, and limitations of each research involving non-medicinal foods (individual and mixed) and diabetic animal models. Various types of fruits, vegetables, legumes, cereals, spices, beverages, oilseeds, and edible oils showed antidiabetic effects in different animal models. Animal feeding trials rarely had identical designs in food doses, feeding schedules, and routes of administration, as well as biochemical markers for antidiabetic evaluation. Various possible cellular and metabolic targets were speculated for the anti-hyperglycemic effects of the dietary materials, and the molecular mechanisms of action remain to be better explored. Short-term (maximum 16weeks) antidiabetic studies have been established. Limited safety/tolerability data are available for antidiabetic dietary materials. Findings from current animal studies present a generic antidiabetic dietary pattern associated with plant-based whole foods, which agrees well with the findings of epidemiological studies.
Pre-pregnancy adherences to empirically derived dietary patterns and gestational diabetes risk in a Mediterranean cohort: the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) project.; The aim of this study was to investigate the association between the adherence to empirically derived dietary patterns and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk and of healthy lifestyles with the prevention of GDM defining an overall healthy score. The Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra project is a Mediterranean cohort of university graduates started in 1999. We included 3455 pregnant women. During a mean follow-up of 10·3 (sd 3·3) years, we identified 173 incident GDM cases. Two major dietary patterns were identified using principal component analysis: the Western dietary pattern (WDP) (characterised by a high consumption of meat-based products and processed foods) and the Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP) (characterised by a high consumption of vegetables, fruits, fish and non-processed foods). A low-risk score for GDM was defined taking into account important risk factors (age, BMI and unhealthy dietary pattern) for GDM. Positive association was found in the multivariable model between the highest quartile of adherence to WDP and GDM incidence compared with the lowest quartile (OR 1·56; 95 % CI 1·00, 2·43). No association was found between adherence to the MDP and GDM incidence (OR 1·08; 95 % CI 0·68, 1·70 for the highest quartile compared with the lowest). Women who adhered to all three low-risk factors had a 76 % lower risk of GDM (OR 0·24; 95 % CI 0·10, 0·55) compared with women who did not adhere to any factor before pregnancy. In conclusion, our results reinforce the importance of dietary recommendations and other two factors (low BMI and young age at pregnancy) in pre-gravid women. FAU - Donazar-Ezcurra, Mikel
Advancing Health Equity With Lifestyle Medicine.; The Optimal Health and Wellness Clinic of Morehouse Healthcare seeks to advance health equity by providing lifestyle medicine services to its predominantly African American patient population. Health equity means eliminating health disparities by providing services that meet the needs of the population served. African Americans have a higher burden of cardiovascular disease and diabetes than other American ethnic groups. Recent evidence indicates that eating a plant-based diet may eliminate disparities in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. The clinic provides lifestyle intervention services such as stress and sleep management, but the focus is on helping patients to adopt and maintain a plant-based diet. A range of encounter options that include shared medical appointments and cooking classes are offered. The clinic is an example of a lifestyle medicine specialty practice within the multispecialty practice arm of a medical school. The shared mission to promote health equity provides substantial resources to the clinic and allows for collaborative efforts to improve the health of the community. FAU - Rooke, Jennifer
Relation of the Mediterranean diet with the incidence of gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Some studies document relationships of the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with individual components of the diet, but studies exploring relationships with patterns of eating are lacking. This observational study aimed to explore a possible relationship between the incidence of GDM and the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) pattern of eating. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In 10 Mediterranean countries, 1076 consecutive pregnant women underwent a 75-g OGTT at the 24th-32nd week of gestation, interpreted both by the ADA_2010 and the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG)_2012 criteria. The dietary habits were assessed by a previously validated questionnaire and a Mediterranean Diet Index (MDI) was computed, reflecting the degree of adherence to the MedDiet pattern of eating: a higher MDI denoting better adherence. RESULTS: After adjustment for age, BMI, diabetes in the family, weight gain and energy intake, subjects with GDM, by either criterion, had lower MDI (ADA_2010, 5.8 vs 6.3, P=0.028; IADPSG_2012, 5.9 vs 6.4, P<0.001). Moreover, the incidence of GDM was lower in subjects with better adherence to the MedDiet (higher tertile of MDI distribution), 8.0% vs 12.3%, OR=0.618, P=0.030 by ADA_2010 and 24.3% vs 32.8%, OR=0.655, P=0.004 by IADPSG_2012 criteria. In subjects without GDM, MDI was negatively correlated with both fasting plasma glucose and AUC glucose, P<0.001 for both. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a MedDiet pattern of eating is associated with lower incidence of GDM and better degree of glucose tolerance, even in women without GDM. The possibility to use MedDiet for the prevention of GDM deserves further testing with intervention studies. FAU - Karamanos, B
Adherence to the Mediterranean Dietary Pattern and Incidence of Nephrolithiasis in the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra Follow-up (SUN) Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Diet plays an important role in the pathogenesis of nephrolithiasis. Limited data are available to investigate the association between a Mediterranean dietary pattern and risk for nephrolithiasis. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: 16,094 men and women without a history of nephrolithiasis who participated in the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra Follow-up (SUN) Project. PREDICTORS: A validated 136-item food frequency questionnaire was used to assess baseline adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern that is high in fruits, vegetables, nuts, fish, and legumes, but moderate in alcohol and low in meats, saturated fats, and sugars. A Mediterranean dietary pattern score was calculated and categorized into 3 groups (0-3, 4-6, and 7-9 points). Additional factors included in statistical models were sex, age, body mass index, smoking, physical activity, time spent watching television, following a medical nutritional therapy, water and energy intake, calcium and vitamin D supplementation, and history of hypertension or diabetes. OUTCOMES: Incidence of nephrolithiasis. Participants were classified as having incident nephrolithiasis if they reported a physician-made diagnosis of nephrolithiasis during follow-up. RESULTS: After a mean follow-up of 9.6 years, 735 new cases of nephrolithiasis were identified. The multivariable HRs of nephrolithiasis for the 2 highest categories of adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern, using the lowest category as the reference, were 0.93 (95% CI, 0.79-1.09) and 0.64 (95% CI, 0.48-0.87); P for trend=0.01. The risk for nephrolithiasis was lower with greater consumption of dairy products and vegetables and greater with higher monounsaturated fatty acid to saturated fatty acid ratio. LIMITATIONS: No information for kidney stone composition. CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern was associated with reduced risk for incident nephrolithiasis. Additional longitudinal studies are needed.
Effect of a fermented dietary supplement containing chromium and zinc on metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes: a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind cross-over study.; BACKGROUND: For the increasing development of type 2 diabetes dietary habits play an important role. In this regard, dietary supplements are of growing interest to influence the progression of this disease. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a cascade-fermented dietary supplement based on fruits, nuts, and vegetables fortified with chromium and zinc on metabolic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This was a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, intervention study under free-living conditions using a cross-over design. Thirty-six patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were enrolled and randomized either to receive a cascade-fermented dietary supplement enriched with chromium (100 µg/d) and zinc (15 mg/d) or a placebo similar in taste but without supplements, over a period of 12 weeks. After a wash-out period of 12 weeks, the patients received the other test product. The main outcome variable was the levels of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c). Other outcome variables were fasting blood glucose, fructosamine, and lipid parameters. RESULTS: Thirty-one patients completed the study. HbA1c showed no relevant changes during both treatment periods, nor was there a relevant difference between the two treatments (HbA1c: p=0.48). The same results were found for fructosamine and fasting glucose (fructosamine: p=0.9; fasting glucose: p=0.31). In addition, there was no effect on lipid metabolism. CONCLUSION: This intervention study does not provide evidence that a cascade-fermented plant-based dietary supplement enriched with a combination of chromium and zinc improves glucose metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus under free-living conditions. FAU - Lee, Yu-Mi
Effects of a short term supplementation of a fermented papaya preparation on biomarkers of diabetes mellitus in a randomized Mauritian population.; OBJECTIVE: Clinical evidence and cellular models have shown an inverse relationship between the intakes of plant and fruit based diets and oxidative stress, suggesting the suitability of natural antioxidants in the management of diabetes mellitus and its complications. METHOD: A randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted at the Cardiac Centre, SSRN Hospital, Pamplemousses, (Mauritius) to determine the effect of a short term supplementation of a fermented papaya preparation (FPP®) on biomarkers of diabetes and antioxidant status in a multi-ethnical neo-diabetic population from November 2010 to March 2011. RESULT: Supplementation of 6g FPP®/day for a period of 14 weeks could improve the general health status of several organs targeted by oxidative stress during diabetes. When comparing experimental to control groups with independent samples t-test, C-reactive protein levels significantly decreased (P=0.018), LDL/HDL ratio was considerably changed (P=0.042), and uric acid levels were significantly improved (P=0.001). ANOVA results also validated the same findings with significant differences in C-reactive protein, LDL/HDL ratio, uric acid and in serum ferritin levels. CONCLUSION: FPP® may present a novel, economically feasible nutraceutical supplement for the management of diabetes and for those at risk for cardiovascular disease, neurological disease and other conditions worsened by overt inflammation and oxidative stress.
Medicinal chemistry of the anti-diabetic effects of momordica charantia: active constituents and modes of actions.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the oldest known human disease currently affecting more than 200 million people worldwide. Diabetes mellitus is derived from two Greek words meaning siphon and sugar. In DM, patients have high blood level of glucose and this passes out with urine. This is because the endocrine pancreas does not produce either or not enough insulin or the insulin which is produced is not exerting its biochemical effect (or insulin resistance) effectively. Insulin is a major metabolic hormone which has numerous functions in the body and one main role is to stimulate glucose uptake into body's cells where it is utilized to provide energy. The disease is classified into type 1 and type 2 DM. Type 1 DM develops when the insulin producing β cells have been destroyed and are unable to produce insulin. This is very common in children and is treated with insulin. Type 2 DM (T2DM) develops when the body is unable to produce an adequate amount of insulin or the insulin which is provided does not work efficiently. This is due to life style habits including unhealthy diet, obesity, lack of exercise and hereditary and environmental factors. Some symptoms of DM include excess urination, constant thirst, lethargy, weight loss, itching, decreased digestive enzyme secretion, slow wound healing and other related symptoms. If left untreated, DM can result in severe long-term complications such as kidney and heart failure, stroke, blindness, nerve damage, exocrine glands insufficiency and other forms of complications. T2DM can be treated and controlled by prescribed drugs, regular exercise, diet (including some plant-based food) and general change in life style habits. This review is concerned with the role of plant-based medicine to treat DM. One such plant is Momordica charantia which is grown in tropical countries worldwide and it has been used as a traditional herbal medicine for thousands of years although its origin in unknown. This review examines the medicinal chemistry and use(s) of M. charantia and its various extracts and compounds, their biochemical properties and how they act as anti-diabetic (hypoglycemic) drugs and the various mechanisms by which they exert their beneficial effects in controlling and treating DM. FAU - Singh, Jaipaul
Polyphenol-rich foods and risk of gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Animal studies have demonstrated anti-diabetic properties of several food-derived polyphenols, but data in humans remains unclear. This study aimed to review and meta-analyse evidence concerning the effect of the intake of several polyphenol-rich foods on gestational diabetes (GDM) risk. A systematic literature search was conducted in PubMed, Web of Science and Embase databases for observational studies on the association between dietary intake of foods/diets rich in polyphenols and GDM risk. Inclusion criteria were original research articles with full texts published in peer-reviewed English language journals, which investigated foods within the top 100 richest dietary sources of polyphenols and reported odds ratio/relative risk with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals. The quality of included studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. The intake of polyphenol-rich foods and dietary patterns in relation to GDM were pooled with fixed- and random-effects models. In total, 12 (10 cohort, 1 cross-sectional and 1 case-control) studies were included for the final systematic review, comprising 124,959 participants and including 5,786 women with GDM. Five studies found a significant, inverse association between the intake of polyphenol-rich foods or Mediterranean diet and GDM, whereas five studies reported no association and two exhibited a positive association. Meta-analyses further showed that the risk of GDM was about halved amongst women with the highest score of Mediterranean diet compared to those with the lowest score. The results suggest that dietary patterns rich in polyphenols may reduce the risk of GDM despite inconclusive evidence for polyphenol-rich food groups. FAU - Pham, Ngoc Minh
Deoxynivalenol Biomarkers in the Urine of UK Vegetarians. LID - 10.3390/toxins9070196 [doi] LID - 196; Deoxynivalenol (DON) is produced by Fusarium graminearum and is one of the most commonly occurring trichothecenes. Vegetarians are alleged to be a high-risk group for DON exposure due to high intakes of cereals susceptible to the growth of the mycotoxin. This study provides the levels of DON and de-epoxi Deoxynivalenol (DOM-1) in urine analysed by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) in UK vegetarians. Over two consecutive days, morning urine samples were collected from 32 vegetarians and 31 UK adult volunteers, and associated food consumption 24 h prior to the sample was recorded. Statistically significant differences between the weight of the UK adults and vegetarians (t = 3.15. df = 61, p ≤ 0.005 two-tailed) were observed. The mean levels of DON in urine for adults on day 1 was 3.05 ng free DON/mg creatinine, and on day 2 was 2.98 ng free DON/mg creatinine. Even though high mean levels were observed, most adults were within the tolerable daily intake. However, for vegetarians, the mean level of urinary DON on day 1 was 6.69 ng free DON/mg creatinine, and on day 2 was 3.42 ng free DON/mg creatinine. These levels equate to up to 32% of vegetarians exceeding recommended tolerable daily intakes (TDI) of exposure (1 µg/kg b.w./day). FAU - Wells, Liz
Vitamin D and ω-3 Supplementations in Mediterranean Diet During the 1st Year of Overt Type 1 Diabetes: A Cohort Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11092158 [doi] LID - 2158; Vitamin D and omega 3 fatty acid (ω-3) co-supplementation potentially improves type 1 diabetes (T1D) by attenuating autoimmunity and counteracting inflammation. This cohort study, preliminary to a randomized control trial (RCT), is aimed at evaluating, in a series of T1D children assuming Mediterranean diet and an intake of cholecalciferol of 1000U/day from T1D onset, if ω-3 co-supplementation preserves the residual endogen insulin secretion (REIS). Therefore, the cohort of 22 "new onsets" of 2017 received ω-3 (eicosapentenoic acid (EPA) plus docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), 60 mg/kg/day), and were compared retrospectively vs. the 37 "previous onsets" without ω-3 supplementation. Glicosilated hemoglobin (HbA1c%), the daily insulin demand (IU/Kg/day) and IDAA1c, a composite index (calculated as IU/Kg/day × 4 + HbA1c%), as surrogates of REIS, were evaluated at recruitment (T0) and 12 months later (T12). In the ω-3 supplemented group, dietary intakes were evaluated at T0 and T12. As an outcome, a decreased insulin demand (p < 0.01), particularly as pre-meal boluses (p < 0.01), and IDAA1c (p < 0.05), were found in the ω-3 supplemented group, while HbA1c% was not significantly different. Diet analysis in the ω-3 supplemented group, at T12 vs. T0, highlighted that the intake of arachidonic acid (AA) decreased (p < 0.01). At T0, the AA intake was inversely correlated with HbA1c% (p < 0.05; r;. 0.411). In conclusion, the results suggest that vitamin D plus ω-3 co-supplementation as well as AA reduction in the Mediterranean diet display benefits for T1D children at onset and deserve further investigation. FAU - Cadario, Francesco
Mediterranean Dietary Patterns and Cardiovascular Health.; The Mediterranean dietary pattern has been linked with reduced cardiovascular disease incidence and mortality. Components of the Mediterranean diet associated with better cardiovascular health include low consumption of meat and meat products, moderate consumption of ethanol (mostly from wine), and high consumption of vegetables, fruits, nuts, legumes, fish, and olive oil. Increasing evidence indicates that the synergy among these components results in beneficial changes in intermediate pathways of cardiometabolic risk, such as lipids, insulin sensitivity, oxidative stress, inflammation, and vasoreactivity. As a result, consumption of a Mediterranean dietary pattern favorably affects numerous cardiovascular disease risk factors, such as dyslipidemia, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes. Moreover, strong evidence links this dietary pattern with reduced cardiovascular disease incidence, reoccurrence, and mortality. This review evaluates the current evidence behind the cardioprotective effects of a Mediterranean dietary pattern. FAU - Shen, Jia
Diabetes education: an Asian perspective.; Asian diabetic patients often lack knowledge about diabetes and self-management of the disease due to difficulties in communication. The introduction of a diabetes education programme specifically for Asian patients has resolved many of the communication problems, provided education which Asian patients could understand, and raised awareness of diabetes within the Asian community. Forty-eight percent of Asian patients were unable to read, while only 26% spoke and 20% read English, emphasizing the need for education in Asian languages using oral and visual teaching methods. Cultural differences were identified such as the use of alternative therapy to supplement treatment (33%) and the large number of vegetarians (61%). Public awareness of diabetes in the Asian community was increased by providing health education at social venues. The provision of diabetes education designed for the needs of Asian patients is essential to improve the quality of life and life expectancy of these patients. FAU - Wilson, E
Skeletal Muscle Mitochondrial Respiration Is Elevated in Female Cynomolgus Macaques Fed a Western Compared with a Mediterranean Diet.; BACKGROUND: Western diets are associated with increased incidences of obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, whereas Mediterranean diets, richer in polyphenols, monounsaturated fats, fruits, vegetables, poultry, and fish, appear to have cardiometabolic health benefits. Previous work has included population-based studies with limited evidence for causation or animal studies focused on single macro- or micronutrients; therefore, primate animal models provide an opportunity to determine potential mechanisms underlying the effects of dietary patterns on health and disease. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine the effects of whole dietary patterns, either a Western or Mediterranean diet, on skeletal muscle mitochondrial bioenergetics in cynomolgus macaques. METHODS: In this study, 22 adult female cynomolgus macaques (∼11-14 y by dentition) were fed either a Western or Mediterranean diet for 30 mo. The Western diet was designed to mimic the diet of a middle-aged American woman and the Mediterranean diet included key aspects of Mediterranean diets studied in humans, such as plant-based proteins and fat, complex carbohydrates, and fiber. Diets were matched on macronutrient composition (16% protein, 54% carbohydrate, and 31% fat) and cholesterol content. Skeletal muscle was collected for high-resolution respirometry, citrate synthase activity, and western blot measurements. Pearson correlation analysis between respirometry measures and measures of carbohydrate metabolism was also performed. RESULTS: We found that consumption of a Western diet resulted in significantly higher mitochondrial respiration with fatty acid oxidation (FAO) (53%), FAO + complex I (52%), complex I + II (31%), max electron transport system (ETS) (31%), and ETS rotenone sensitive (31%) than did consumption of a Mediterranean diet. In addition, measures of respiration in response to fatty acids were significantly and positively correlated with both insulin resistance and plasma insulin concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: This study highlights the importance of dietary composition in mitochondrial bioenergetics and that diet can influence skeletal muscle mitochondrial respiration independently of other factors such as macronutrient composition.
What are the roles of calorie restriction and diet quality in promoting healthy longevity?; Epidemiological and experimental data indicate that diet plays a central role in the pathogenesis of many age-associated chronic diseases, and in the biology of aging itself. Data from several animal studies suggest that the degree and time of calorie restriction (CR) onset, the timing of food intake as well as diet composition, play major roles in promoting health and longevity, breaking the old dogma that only calorie intake is important in extending healthy lifespan. Data from human studies indicate that long-term CR with adequate intake of nutrients results in several metabolic adaptations that reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and cancer. Moreover, CR opposes the expected age-associated alterations in myocardial stiffness, autonomic function, and gene expression in the human skeletal muscle. However, it is possible that some of the beneficial effects on metabolic health are not entirely due to CR, but to the high quality diets consumed by the CR practitioners, as suggested by data collected in individuals consuming strict vegan diets. More studies are needed to understand the interactions among single nutrient modifications (e.g. protein/aminoacid, fatty acids, vitamins, phytochemicals, and minerals), the degree of CR and the frequency of food consumption in modulating anti-aging metabolic and molecular pathways, and in the prevention of age-associated diseases.
Dietary Supplementation with Raspberry Extracts Modifies the Fecal Microbiota in Obese Diabetic db/db Mice.; Raspberries are polyphenol-rich fruits with the potential to reduce the severity of the clinical signs associated with obesity, a phenomenon that may be related to changes in the gut microbiota. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of raspberry supplementation on the fecal microbiota using an in vivo model of obesity. Obese diabetic db/db mice were used in this study and assigned to two experimental groups (with and without raspberry supplementation). Fecal samples were collected at the end of the supplementation period (8 weeks) and used for bacterial 16S rRNA gene profiling using a MiSeq instrument (Illumina). QIIME 1.8 was used to analyze the 16S data. Raspberry supplementation was associated with an increased abundance of Lachnospiraceae (p = 0.009), a very important group for gut health, and decreased abundances of Lactobacillus, Odoribacter, and the fiber degrader S24-7 family as well as unknown groups of Bacteroidales and Enterobacteriaceae (p < 0.05). These changes were enough to clearly differentiate bacterial communities accordingly to treatment, based on the analysis of UniFrac distance metrics. However, a predictive approach of functional profiles showed no difference between the treatment groups. Fecal metabolomic analysis provided critical information regarding the raspberry-supplemented group, whose relatively higher phytosterol concentrations may be relevant for the host health, considering the proven health benefits of these phytochemicals. Further studies are needed to investigate whether the observed differences in microbial communities (e.g., Lachnospiraceae) or metabolites relate to clinically significant differences that can prompt the use of raspberry extracts to help patients with obesity. FAU - Garcia-Mazcorro, Jose F
Polysaccharides from Liriopes Radix ameliorates hyperglycemia via various potential mechanisms in diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: Liriopes Radix, which is regarded as both drug and healthy diet, is drunk as tea and used in traditional Chinese medicine to treat diabetes. Based on our previous studies, investigated the hypoglycemic effects and explored the mechanisms of total polysaccharides from Liriope spicata var. prolifera (Liriopes Radix) in a diabetic rat model. RESULTS: TLSP reduced hyperglycemia in diabetic rats. The oral glucose tolerance test showed that TLSP could improve the glucose tolerance of diabetic rats. Damage to liver and pancreas tissue was inhibited after treatment with TLSP. Moreover, TLSP increased glycogen content, glucokinase (GK) and glycogen synthetase (GS) activities, and suppressed the elevation of glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) and glycogen phosphorylase (GP) activities in liver. Compared with the diabetic control group, GK and GS mRNA expression were significantly elevated, while G6Pase and GP mRNA expression were decreased in TLSP groups. In addition, TLSP could inhibit glycogen synthase kinase-3β expression and increase insulin receptor, insulin receptor substrate-1, phosphoinositide 3-kinase, protein kinase B and glucose transport protein-4 expression in liver. CONCLUSION: TLSP showed hypoglycemic function. Improvement of glucose metabolism and insulin-signaling transduction were possible mechanisms.
The Mediterranean and other Dietary Patterns in Secondary Cardiovascular Disease Prevention: A Review.; Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death and disability worldwide, with increased hospital discharge rates, causing a serious public health issue and an economic burden. Recent demographic transitions, including ageing of the population, low fertility, urbanization and shift towards unhealthy behaviours have resulted in an increase in the prevalence of cardiometabolic disorders (i.e. hypertension, obesity, diabetes). According to the reports of international organisations, a substantial number of heart attacks could have been prevented through lifestyle modifications (i.e. diet, physical activity, smoking cessation). Regarding secondary prevention, it is well documented that effective cardiovascular rehabilitation requires a multidisciplinary approach, including medical treatment, as well as lifestyle changes. Diet has been recognised as one of the most important modifiable and preventable factors, being undoubtedly beneficial in primary prevention, as well as among cardiac patients. However, studies among CVD patients are scarce, and with inconclusive results. The most studied dietary pattern is the Mediterranean-type diet, with several observational studies and clinical trials demonstrating its protective role against recurrent cardiac events, whereas evidence regarding other well-known models, including Western-type, Vegetarian, Asian-type and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, are more limited. The aim of this review was to present an overview of the most prevalent dietary patterns and their role in the secondary CVD prevention and management. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
Antidiabetic, antioxidant and anti inflammatory properties of water and n-butanol soluble extracts from Saharian Anvillea radiata in high-fat-diet fed mice.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: According to Saharian traditional medicine, Anvillea radiata Coss. & Dur. (Asteraceae) has been valued for treating a variety of ailments such as gastro-intestinal, liver and pulmonary diseases, and has gained awareness for its beneficial effect on postprandial hyperglycemia. However, to best of our knowledge, no detailed study of the antidiabetic curative effects of this plant has been conducted yet. AIM OF THE STUDY: To determine the hypoglycemic and antidiabetic effect of dietary supplementation with Anvillea radiata extracts on high-fat-diet (HFD)-induced obesity and insulin resistance in C57BL/6J mice in relation with antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, pancreatic beta-cells and skeletal muscle protection, and digestive enzyme inhibiting properties. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Six extracts (water soluble and organic) from aerial parts of the plant were analyzed phytochemically (total phenolic and flavonoid content) and screened for in vitro superoxide (by chemiluminescence) and hydroxyl radical (by electron paramagnetic resonance spin-trapping) scavenging, antioxidant (DPPH, TRAP and ORAC assays), xanthine oxidase, metal chelating, α-amylase and α-glucosidase inhibitory property, and protective effects on copper-induced lipoprotein oxidation. Then selected hydroalcoholic and aqueous extracts were assessed for toxicity in normal human lung fibroblasts and A549 cancer cells using FMCA and MTT assays. Two water-soluble extracts having the best overall properties were assessed for their (i) protective effect at 1-15µg/mL on metabolic activity of rat insulinoma-derived INS-1 cells exposed to hyperglycemic medium, and (ii) acute hypoglycemic effect on 16-weeks HFD-induced diabetic mice. Then diabetic mice were administered HFD supplemented by extracts (up to 150mg/kg/day) for 12 additional weeks using standard diet as control and the antidiabetic drug, metformin (150mg/kg), as positive control. Then the antidiabetic, anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activity of extracts were determined. RESULTS: Of the highly efficient polyphenolics-enriched hydroalcoholic and ethyl acetate extracts, the lyophilized aqueous (AQL) and butanol extracts were not toxic in cells (≤ 400µg/mL) or when given orally in normal mice (≤ 2000mg/kg), exerted a dose-dependent hypoglycemic action in diabetic mice, which was maximal at the dose of 150mg/kg. Upon administering this dose for 12 weeks, both extracts significantly ameliorated body weight control capacity, recovery of plasma glucose and insulin level, reduced oxidative stress in blood, myocardial and skeletal muscles, and improved hyperlipidemic and inflammatory status. Moreover, diabetes-related complications were optimally ameliorated by oral therapy based on halved doses (75mg/kg) of a mixture of AQL and metformin. CONCLUSIONS: Current investigation supports the traditional medicinal usage of Anvillea radiata and suggests that both readily accessible and low-cost bio-extracts have the potency to develop an antihyperglycemic, antihyperlipidemic and protective agent against beta-cells and muscle dysfunction at doses compatible with the common practices of indigenous people for the management of metabolic disorders.
A Whole-Food Plant-Based Diet Reversed Angina without Medications or Procedures.; A 60-year-old man presented with typical angina and had a positive stress test. He declined both drug therapy and invasive testing. Instead, he chose to adopt a whole-food plant-based diet, which consisted primarily of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, potatoes, beans, legumes, and nuts. His symptoms improved rapidly, as well as his weight, blood pressure, and cholesterol levels. Plant-based diets have been associated with improved plasma lipids, diabetes control, coronary artery disease and with a reduction in mortality. Adoption of this form of lifestyle therapy should be among the first recommendations for patients with atherosclerosis. FAU - Massera, Daniele
Nutrimetabolomics: An Update on Analytical Approaches to Investigate the Role of Plant-Based Foods and Their Bioactive Compounds in Non-Communicable Chronic Diseases. LID - 2072; Metabolomics is the study of low-weight molecules present in biological samples such as biofluids, tissue/cellular extracts, and culture media. Metabolomics research is increasing, and at the moment, it has several applications in the food science and nutrition fields. In the present review, we provide an update about the most frequently used methodologies and metabolomic platforms in these areas. Also, we discuss different metabolomic strategies regarding the discovery of new bioactive compounds (BACs) in plant-based foods. Furthermore, we review the existing literature related to the use of metabolomics to investigate the potential protective role of BACs in the prevention and treatment of non-communicable chronic diseases, namely cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer. FAU - Rangel-Huerta, Oscar Daniel
Association Between Plant-Based Dietary Patterns and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Accumulating epidemiologic evidence has suggested favorable associations between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes, although there is a lack of a quantitative summary of evidence substantiating this important association. OBJECTIVE: To quantitatively synthesize available prospective observational evidence on the association between plant-based dietary patterns and risk of type 2 diabetes. DATA SOURCES: A systematic search of PubMed and MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, and reference lists through February 15, 2019, was conducted. Data analysis was conducted between December 2018 and February 2019. STUDY SELECTION: All prospective observational studies that examined the association between adherence to plant-based dietary patterns and incidence of type 2 diabetes among adults 18 years or older were identified. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines for data abstraction and reporting were followed, and a National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute assessment tool was used to evaluate study quality. Two authors independently conducted full-text assessments and data abstraction. Meta-analysis was conducted using the random-effects method to calculate the overall relative risk (RR) and 95% CI. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Level of adherence to a plant-based diet and incidence of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: A total of 9 studies were identified, totaling 307 099 participants with 23 544 cases of incident type 2 diabetes. A significant inverse association was observed between higher adherence to a plant-based dietary pattern and risk of type 2 diabetes (RR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.71-0.84) in comparison with poorer adherence, with modest heterogeneity across studies (I2 = 44.5%; P = .07 for heterogeneity). Similar findings were obtained when using the fixed-effects model (RR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.75-0.84). Consistent associations were observed across predefined subgroups. This association was strengthened when healthy plant-based foods, such as fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, and nuts, were included in the definition of plant-based patterns (RR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.62-0.79). Most studies were deemed to have good quality in terms of dietary assessment, disease outcomes, and statistical adjustment for confounding factors. Using restricted cubic splines, a significant inverse linear dose-response association was identified between plant-based dietary indices and risk of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Plant-based dietary patterns, especially when they are enriched with healthful plant-based foods, may be beneficial for the primary prevention of type 2 diabetes. FAU - Qian, Frank
A 3-year Mediterranean-style dietary intervention may modulate the association between adiponectin gene variants and body weight change.; PURPOSE: Adiponectin gene variations have been associated with obesity. There are few interventional studies analyzing this association. The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of a nutritional intervention with Mediterranean-style diet and three (-4034A/C, +45T/G, and +276 G/T) adiponectin gene variants on 3-year body weight changes in high cardiovascular risk patients. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A total of 737 participants, aged 55-80 at high cardiovascular risk were assigned to a low-fat diet or to a Mediterranean-style diet (MD) groups, one with high intake of virgin olive oil (VOO) and the other with high intake of nuts. Anthropometric parameters were taken at baseline and after 3-year follow-up, and the genotyping of the -4034A/C, +45T/G, and +276 G/T polymorphisms was done. RESULTS: GG genotype of the +45T/G polymorphism was associated with 3-year higher body weight gain (B = 1.399; B = 0.043). TT genotype of the +276G/T polymorphism was linked to the highest 3-year body weight gain in men. Both Mediterranean diets appeared to reverse this effect (p for interaction = 0.053). CONCLUSION: Adiponectin gene variation appeared to be associated with 3-year body weight changes in a high cardiovascular risk population. This association may be modulated by a nutritional intervention with a Mediterranean-style diet. FAU - Razquin, C
Mechanisms of action of Sri Lankan herbal medicines used in the treatment of diabetes: A review.; Natural plant-based remedies for diabetes mellitus have been proven to be safe and effective alternatives to Western medications, and details about more than 400 plants are available in the literature. Sri Lanka is a tropical country which is blessed with many natural plant products that can be utilized for the treatment of diabetes. But the knowledge of these plant-derived remedies, especially their doses, mechanism of action and toxicity has not been extensively researched. Therefore, this review focuses on documenting the plant-based remedies that the Sri Lankan Aurvedic physicians use and the extent of research that has been carried out on each of these plant-based remedies.
Inability of legumes to reverse diabetic-induced nephropathy in rats despite improvement in blood glucose and antioxidant status.; Diabetes mellitus has assumed epidemic proportions in most parts of the world, including developing countries, with vascular and renal complications being the major causes of death. Evidence is emerging that legumes play a beneficial role in diabetes and its associated complications. In connection with the above, four groups of alloxan-induced diabetic rats were fed on four different legume-based (Vigna unguiculata ssp. dekindtiana var. dekindtiana, V. unguiculata ssp. unguiculata, Sphenostylis stenocarpa, and Vigna subterranean) diets. Feeding rats with these diets for 5 weeks resulted in reduction of plasma glucose and changes in biomarkers of oxidative stress-namely, superoxide dismutase (SOD), peroxidase (PER), and thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS). None of the legumes reversed the increase in plasma total protein associated with diabetes. The legumes increased PER activity and decreased the level of TBARS in the erythrocytes. A decrease in the activities of PER and SOD was observed in the kidneys of the diabetic rats. Nitric oxide (NO) production in the erythrocytes of the diabetic rats (as an index of diabetic endothelial dysfunction) increased for all the legumes in the following order: V. unguiculata ssp. unguiculata, V. unguiculata ssp. dekindtiana var. dekindtiana, V. subterranean, and S. stenocarpa. There was a significant increase (P < .05) in the uric acid concentration in the kidneys of treated rats. It is concluded that while the legumes have beneficial effects on reduction of hyperglycemia and strengthening the antioxidant status of the diabetic animals, the increased kidney uric acid concentration should be of concern. FAU - Rotimi, Solomon Oladapo
Nutritional patterns associated with the maintenance of neurocognitive functions and the risk of dementia and Alzheimer's disease: A focus on human studies.; Ample epidemiological evidence suggests a strong correlation among diet, lifestyle factors and the onset and consolidation of dementia and Alzheimer's disease (AD). It has been demonstrated that AD, diabetes, obesity, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease are strongly interconnected pathologies. Preventive strategies and nutritional interventions seem to be promising approaches to delay neurocognitive decline and reduce the risk of AD and other non-psychiatric co-morbidities. In this regard, healthy dietary patterns, characterized by high intake of plant-based foods, probiotics, antioxidants, soy beans, nuts, and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, and a low intake of saturated fats, animal-derived proteins, and refined sugars, have been shown to decrease the risk of neurocognitive impairments and eventually the onset of AD. Here we review the role of some nutrients and, in particular, of healthy dietary patterns, such as the Mediterranean diet and other emerging healthy diets, DASH (Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension) and MIND (Mediterranean-DASH dietIntervention for Neurodegenerative Delay), for the maintenance of cognitive performance, focusing specifically on human studies. The beneficial effects associated with overall diet composition, rather than single nutrient supplementations, for the prevention or the delay of AD and dementia are discussed.
Mediterranean diet: The role of long-chain ω-3 fatty acids in fish; polyphenols in fruits, vegetables, cereals, coffee, tea, cacao and wine; probiotics and vitamins in prevention of stroke, age-related cognitive decline, and Alzheimer disease.; The mechanisms of action of the dietary components of the Mediterranean diet are reviewed in prevention of cardiovascular disease, stroke, age-associated cognitive decline and Alzheimer disease. A companion article provides a comprehensive review of extra-virgin olive oil. The benefits of consumption of long-chain ω-3 fatty acids are described. Fresh fish provides eicosapentaenoic acid while α-linolenic acid is found in canola and soybean oils, purslane and nuts. These ω-3 fatty acids interact metabolically with ω-6 fatty acids mainly linoleic acid from corn oil, sunflower oil and peanut oil. Diets rich in ω-6 fatty acids inhibit the formation of healthier ω-3 fatty acids. The deleterious effects on lipid metabolism of excessive intake of carbohydrates, in particular high-fructose corn syrup and artificial sweeteners, are explained. The critical role of the ω-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid in the developing and aging brain and in Alzheimer disease is addressed. Nutritional epidemiology studies, prospective population-based surveys, and clinical trials confirm the salutary effects of fish consumption on prevention of coronary artery disease, stroke and dementia. Recent recommendations on fish consumption by pregnant women and potential mercury toxicity are reviewed. The polyphenols and flavonoids of plant origin play a critical role in the Mediterranean diet, because of their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of benefit in type-2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, stroke and cancer prevention. Polyphenols from fruits and vegetables modulate tau hyperphosphorylation and beta amyloid aggregation in animal models of Alzheimer disease. From the public health viewpoint worldwide the daily consumption of fruits and vegetables has become the main tool for prevention of cardiovascular disease and stroke. We review the important dietary role of cereal grains in prevention of coronary disease and stroke. Polyphenols from grapes, wine and alcoholic beverages are discussed, in particular their effects on coagulation. The mechanisms of action of probiotics and vitamins are also included.
Cardiovascular and renal benefits of dry bean and soybean intake.; Dry beans and soybeans are nutrient-dense, fiber-rich, and are high-quality sources of protein. Protective and therapeutic effects of both dry bean and soybean intake have been documented. Studies show that dry bean intake has the potential to decrease serum cholesterol concentrations, improve many aspects of the diabetic state, and provide metabolic benefits that aid in weight control. Soybeans are a unique source of the isoflavones genistein and diadzein, which have numerous biological functions. Soybeans and soyfoods potentially have multifaceted health-promoting effects, including cholesterol reduction, improved vascular health, preserved bone mineral density, and reduction of menopausal symptoms. Soy appears to have salutary effects on renal function, although these effects are not well understood. Whereas populations consuming high intakes of soy have lower prevalences of certain cancers, definitive experimental data are insufficient to clarify a protective role of soy. The availability of legume products and resources is increasing, incorporating dry beans and soyfoods into the diet can be practical and enjoyable. With the shift toward a more plant-based diet, dry beans and soy will be potent tools in the treatment and prevention of chronic disease. FAU - Anderson, J W
Metabolic alteration in obese diabetes rats upon treatment with Centella asiatica extract.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: 'Pegaga' is a traditional Malay remedy for a wide range of complaints. Among the 'pegaga', Centella asiatica has been used as a remedy for diabetes mellitus. Thus, we decided to validate this claim by evaluating the in vivo antidiabetic property of C. asiatica (CA) on T2DM rat model using the holistic (1)H NMR-based metabolomics approach. METHOD: In this study, an obese diabetic (mimic of T2DM condition) animal model was developed using Sprague-Dawley rats fed with a high-fat diet and induced into diabetic condition by the treatment of a low dose of streptozotocin (STZ). The effect of C. asiatica extract on the experimental animals was followed based on the changes observed in the urinary and serum metabolites, measured by (1)H NMR of urine and blood samples collected over the test period. RESULTS: A long-term treatment of obese diabetic rats with CA extract could reverse the glucose and lipid levels, as well as the tricarboxylic acid cycle and amino acid metabolic disorders, back towards normal states. Biochemical analysis also showed an increase of insulin production in diabetic rats upon treatment of CA extract. CONCLUSION: This study has provided evidence that clearly supported the traditional use of CA as a remedy for diabetes. NMR-based metabolomics was successfully applied to show that CA produced both anti-hyperglycemic and anti-hyperlipidemic effects on a rat model. In addition to increasing the insulin secretion, the CA extract also ameliorates the metabolic pathways affected in the induced diabetic rats. This study further revealed the potential usage of CA extract in managing diabetes mellitus and the results of this work may contribute towards the further understanding of the underlying molecular mechanism of this herbal remedy.
Association between Cardiometabolic Profile and Dietary Characteristics among Adults with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean-style dietary pattern has been associated with several cardiometabolic benefits, yet no study has assessed the potential benefits of this diet in adults with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). OBJECTIVE: The objective of the present study was to examine the association between cardiometabolic profile and alignment of the diet with 1) Canadian nutrient recommendations for T1DM in terms of fat, protein, carbohydrate, saturated fat, dietary fiber, and sodium and 2) a Mediterranean-style dietary pattern among adults with T1DM. DESIGN/PARTICIPANTS/SETTING: This is a cross-sectional analysis including 118 adults with T1DM recruited between 2011 and 2013 in Montreal, Canada. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Body mass index (calculated as kg/m(2)), waist circumference, truncal fat percentage (dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry), blood pressure, and lipid profile values were measured. Insulin sensitivity was estimated (estimated glucose disposal rate). A 3-day food record was completed and physical activity was measured with a motion sensor. Differences for the cardiometabolic profile between groups with a diet meeting the Canadian nutrient recommendations for T1DM (percentage of energy from fat, protein, carbohydrate, saturated fat, as well as grams of dietary fiber and milligrams of sodium) or not were examined with general linear models. A Mediterranean diet score was calculated (range=0 to 44) and Pearson correlations between this score and cardiometabolic variables were computed. Significance was set at P≤0.05. RESULTS: Participants' mean ± standard deviation age was 44.3±12.3 years, glycated hemoglobin was 8.0%±1.1%, and Mediterranean diet score was 20.2±5.0. Having a diet that meets at least three nutritional recommendations was associated with a lower truncal fat percentage (28.0% vs 32.2%; P=0.01) only. In contrast, the Mediterranean diet score was inversely correlated with body mass index (r=-0.30, P=0.002), waist circumference (r=-0.31, P=0.002), truncal fat percentage (r=-0.38, P<0.001), systolic (r=-0.20, P=0.03) and diastolic blood pressure (r=-0.23, P=0.01), and was directly correlated with estimated glucose disposal rate (r=0.22, P=0.03), after adjustments for energy intake, sex, and age. The association with estimated glucose disposal rate was no longer significant (P=0.055) after adjustment for physical activity level. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that a higher Mediterranean diet score in the context of T1DM is associated with a favorable cardiometabolic profile. Further research is needed to confirm these findings.
The significant role of carnitine and fatty acids during pregnancy, lactation and perinatal period. Nutritional support in specific groups of pregnant women.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Pregnancy is characterized by a complexity of metabolic processes that may impact fetal health and development. Women's nutrition during pregnancy and lactation is considered important for both mother and infant. This review aims to investigate the significant role of fatty acids and carnitine during pregnancy and lactation in specific groups of pregnant and lactating women. METHODS: The literature was reviewed using relevant data bases (e.g. Pubmed, Scopus, Science Direct) and relevant articles were selected to provide information and data for the text and associated Tables. RESULTS: Dynamic features especially of plasma carnitine profile during pregnancy and lactation, indicate an extraordinarily active participation of carnitine in the intermediary metabolism both in pregnant woman and in neonate and may also have implications for health and disease later in life. Maternal diets rich in trans and saturated fatty acids can lead to impairments in the metabolism and development of the offspring, whereas the consumption of long chain-polyunsaturated fatty acids during pregnancy plays a beneficial physiologic and metabolic role in the health of offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women who are underweight, overweight or obese, with gestational diabetes mellitus or diabetes mellitus and those who choose vegan/vegetarian diets or are coming from socially disadvantaged areas, should be nutritionally supported to achieve a higher quality diet during pregnancy and/or lactation.
Clinical implications of oxidative stress and potential role of natural antioxidants in diabetic vascular complications.; AIMS: The possible link between hyperglycaemia-induced oxidative stress (OxS) and diabetic complications is suggested by many in vitro studies. However, not much attention has been paid to the clinical evidence supporting this hypothesis, as well as to their possible therapeutic implications. DATA SYNTHESIS: Some prospective studies show a direct correlation between an increase in OxS biomarkers and the appearance of diabetes complications. This is consistent with the evidence that any acute increase of glycaemia, particularly post-prandial, and hypoglycaemia causes endothelial dysfunction and inflammation, through the generation of an OxS. However, the detection of free radicals is difficult as they are highly reactive molecules with a short half-life. Instead, the metabolites of OxS are measured. Interventional trials with supplemented antioxidants have failed to show any beneficial effects. Conversely, natural foods show very promising results. CONCLUSIONS: The "new antioxidant" approach includes the possibility of controlling free radical production and increasing intracellular antioxidant defence, a concept different from the old one, when antioxidant activities implied scavenging the free radicals already produced. A synergistic action in this respect could convincingly be obtained with a balanced 'Mediterranean Diet' (MedD) type. Early intensive glucose control is still the best strategy to avoid OxS and its associated diabetes complications.
Nutritional and health benefits of dried beans.; Dried beans (often referred to as grain legumes) may contribute to some of the health benefits associated with plant-based diets. Beans are rich in a number of important micronutrients, including potassium, magnesium, folate, iron, and zinc, and are important sources of protein in vegetarian diets. In particular, they are among the only plant foods that provide significant amounts of the indispensable amino acid lysine. Commonly consumed dried beans are also rich in total and soluble fiber as well as in resistant starch, all of which contribute to the low glycemic index of these foods. They also provide ample amounts of polyphenols, many of which are potent antioxidants. Intervention and prospective research suggests that diets that include beans reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, favorably affect risk factors for metabolic syndrome, and reduce risk of ischemic heart disease and diabetes. The relatively low bean intakes of North Americans and northern Europeans can be attributed to a negative culinary image as well as to intestinal discomfort attributable to the oligosaccharide content of beans. Cooking practices such as sprouting beans, soaking and discarding soaking water before cooking, and cooking in water with a more alkaline pH can reduce oligosaccharide content. Promotional efforts are needed to increase bean intake.
Health Economic Evaluation Modeling Shows Potential Health Care Cost Savings with Increased Conformance with Healthy Dietary Patterns among Adults in the United States.; BACKGROUND: Many American adults have one or more chronic diseases related to a poor diet, resulting in significant direct and indirect economic impacts. The 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) recognized that dietary patterns may be more relevant for predicting health outcomes compared with individual diet elements and recommended three healthy patterns based on evidence of favorable associations with many chronic disease risk factors and outcomes. Health economic assessments provide a model to estimate the potential influence on costs associated with changes in chronic disease risk resulting from improved diet quality in the US adult population. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the impact on health care costs associated with increased conformance with the three healthy patterns recommended in the 2015-2020 DGA, including the Healthy US-Style, the Healthy Mediterranean-Style, and the Healthy Vegetarian eating patterns. METHODS: Recent moderate- to high-quality meta-analyses of health outcomes associated with increased conformance with the Healthy US-Style eating pattern as measured by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI) or the Healthy Mediterranean-Style eating pattern measured by a Mediterranean diet score (MED) were identified. Given the lack of quantification of the association between an increased conformance with a vegetarian pattern and health outcomes, the analysis was limited to studies that evaluated Healthy US-style and Healthy Mediterranean-style eating patterns. The 2013-2014 What We Eat in America data provided estimates of conformance with these two eating patterns using the HEI-2015 and the 9-point MED among the US adult population. Risk estimates quantifying the association between eating patterns and health outcomes were combined with the eating pattern score increase under two conformance scenarios: increasing the average HEI-2015 and MED by 20% and increasing the average HEI-2015 and MED to achieve 80% of complete conformance. The resulting change in risk was combined with published data on annual health care and indirect costs, inflated to 2017 US dollars to estimate cost. To address double counting, costs were adjusted to minimize potential overlap of comorbidities. RESULTS: Overall modeled cost savings were $16.7 billion (range=$6.7 billion to $25.4 billion) to $31.5 billion (range=$23.9 billion to $38.9 billion) based on a 20% increase in the MED and HEI-2015, respectively, resulting from reductions in cardiovascular disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes for both patterns and including Alzheimer's disease and hip fractures for the MED. In the case that diet quality of US adults were to improve to achieve 80% of the maximum MED and HEI-2015, cost savings were estimated at $88.2 billion (range=$35.7 billion to $133 billion) and $55.1 billion (range=$41.8 billion to $68.2 billion), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study quantifying savings from all health outcomes identified to be associated with the HEI and the MED to assess conformance with two eating patterns recommended as part of the 2015-2020 DGA. Findings from this study suggest that increasing conformance with healthy eating patterns among US adults could reduce costs, with billions of dollars in potential savings.
A Mediterranean diet rich in virgin olive oil may reverse the effects of the -174G/C IL6 gene variant on 3-year body weight change.; Only a few studies have analyzed the effects of the potential interaction between the -174G/C polymorphism of IL6 gene and the adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) on adiposity indexes. Our aim was to investigate the interplay between the -174G/C polymorphism of the IL6 gene and a Mediterranean-style diet on body weight changes after 3 years of nutritional intervention in a high cardiovascular risk population. A total of 737 participants, aged 55-80 years were assigned to a low-fat diet or to a Mediterranean-style diet group with high intake of virgin olive oil (VOO) or nuts. Anthropometric measurements were taken at baseline and after 3-year follow-up. The -174G/C polymorphism of the IL6 gene was genotyped. Minor allele frequency (C) was 0.39. At baseline, the CC genotype was associated with higher measures of adiposity. After 3 years, a significant interaction (p=0.028) was found between the polymorphism (GG+GC versus CC) and the nutritional intervention: CC subjects following the MD+VOO had the lowest body weight gain. In conclusion, at baseline, CC subjects for the -174G/C polymorphism of IL6 had the highest body weight and BMI. However, after 3 years of nutritional intervention with MD+VOO, these subjects were predicted to have the greatest reduction in body weight. FAU - Razquin, Cristina
Indigenous plant medicines for health care: treatment of Diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia.; Medicinal plants have played an important role in treating and preventing a variety of diseases throughout the world. Metabolic syndrome had become a global epidemic, defined as a cluster of three of five criteria: insulin resistance and glucose intolerance, abdominal obesity, hypertension, low high-density cholesterol, and hypertriglyceridemia. The current review focuses on Indian medicinal plant drugs and plants used in the treatment of diabetes and hyperlipidemia. Though there are various approaches to reduce the ill-effects of diabetes and hyperlipidemia and its secondary complications, plant-based drugs are preferred due to lesser side effects and low cost. The current review focuses on twenty-three medicinal plants used in the treatment of Diabetes mellitus and nine medicinal plants used in the treatment of hyperlipidemia. The wealth of knowledge on medicinal plants points to a great potential for research and the discovery of new drugs to fight diseases, including diabetes and hyperlipidemia.
A High Adherence to Six Food Targets of the Mediterranean Diet in the Late First Trimester is Associated with a Reduction in the Risk of Materno-Foetal Outcomes: The St. Carlos Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11010066 [doi] LID - 66; A prenatal diet affects materno-foetal outcomes. This is a post hoc analysis of the St. Carlos gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) Prevention Study. It aims to evaluate the effect of a late first-trimester (>12 gestational weeks) degree of adherence to a MedDiet pattern-based on six food targets-on a composite of materno-foetal outcomes (CMFCs). The CMFCs were defined as having emergency C-section, perineal trauma, pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia, prematurity, large-for-gestational-age, and/or small-for-gestational-age. A total of 874 women were stratified into three groups according to late first-trimester compliance with six food targets: >12 servings/week of vegetables, >12 servings/week of fruits, <2 servings/week of juice, >3 servings/week of nuts, >6 days/week consumption of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), and ≥40 mL/day of EVOO. High adherence was defined as complying with 5⁻6 targets; moderate adherence 2⁻4 targets; low adherence 0⁻1 targets. There was a linear association between high, moderate, and low adherence, and a lower risk of GDM, CMFCs, urinary tract infections (UTI), prematurity, and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) newborns (all p < 0.05). The odds ratios (95% CI) for GDM and CMFCs in women with a high adherence were 0.35((0.18⁻0.67), p = 0.002) and 0.23((0.11⁻0.48), p < 0.001), respectively. Late first-trimester high adherence to the predefined six food targets is associated with a reduction in the risk of GDM, CMFCs, UTI, prematurity, and SGA new-borns. FAU - Assaf-Balut, Carla
Dietary Patterns and Incident Heart Failure in U.S. Adults Without Known Coronary Disease.; BACKGROUND: Dietary patterns and associations with incident heart failure (HF) are not well established in the United States. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine associations of 5 dietary patterns with incident HF hospitalizations among U.S. adults. METHODS: The REGARDS (REasons for Geographic and Racial Differences in Stroke) trial is a prospective cohort of black and white adults followed from 2003 to 2007 through 2014. Inclusion criteria included completion of a food frequency questionnaire and no baseline coronary heart disease or HF. Five dietary patterns (convenience, plant-based, sweets, Southern, and alcohol/salads) were derived from principal component analysis. The primary endpoint was incident HF hospitalization. RESULTS: This study included 16,068 participants (mean age 64.0 ± 9.1 years, 58.7% women, 33.6% black participants, 34.0% residents of the stroke belt). After a median of 8.7 years of follow-up, 363 participants had incident HF hospitalizations. Compared with the lowest quartile, the highest quartile of adherence to the plant-based dietary pattern was associated with a 41% lower risk of HF in multivariable-adjusted models (hazard ratio: 0.59; 95% confidence interval: 0.41 to 0.86; p = 0.004). Highest adherence to the Southern dietary pattern was associated with a 72% higher risk of HF after adjusting for age, sex, and race and for other potential confounders (education, income, region of residence, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, and sodium intake; hazard ratio: 1.72; 95% confidence interval: 1.20 to 2.46; p = 0.005). However, the association was attenuated and no longer statistically significant after further adjusting for body mass index in kg/m(2), waist circumference, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, atrial fibrillation, and chronic kidney disease. No statistically significant associations were observed with incident HF with reduced or preserved ejection fraction hospitalizations and the dietary patterns. No associations were observed with the other 3 dietary patterns. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a plant-based dietary pattern was inversely associated with incident HF risk, whereas the Southern dietary pattern was positively associated with incident HF risk.
Diet components can suppress inflammation and reduce cancer risk.; Epidemiology studies indicate that diet or specific dietary components can reduce the risk for cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. An underlying cause of these diseases is chronic inflammation. Dietary components that are beneficial against disease seem to have multiple mechanisms of action and many also have a common mechanism of reducing inflammation, often via the NFκB pathway. Thus, a plant based diet can contain many components that reduce inflammation and can reduce the risk for developing all three of these chronic diseases. We summarize dietary components that have been shown to reduce cancer risk and two studies that show that dietary walnut can reduce cancer growth and development. Part of the mechanism for the anticancer benefit of walnut was by suppressing the activation of NFκB. In this brief review, we focus on reduction of cancer risk by dietary components and the relationship to suppression of inflammation. However, it should be remembered that most dietary components have multiple beneficial mechanisms of action that can be additive and that suppression of chronic inflammation should reduce the risk for all three chronic diseases. FAU - Hardman, W Elaine
Patient empowerment and the Mediterranean diet as a possible tool to tackle prediabetes associated with overweight or obesity: a pilot study.; AIM: The objective of this study was to investigate the effect of implementation of short-term patient empowerment as applied to Mediterranean diet (MD) adherence on metabolic and anthropometric parameters in prediabetic overweight or obese subjects. METHODS: The sample included 42 subjects with prediabetes, aged 18-75 years and with body mass index (BMI) > 25 kg/m(2), who received dietary advice on MD by nutritionists during session groups every 2 weeks for 4 months. Data on energy caloric intake and macronutrient consumption were collected using a 7-day food diary record. Adherence to MD was investigated through the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) questionnaire. No advice was given regarding caloric restriction and physical activity. At baseline and at the end of the study, each subject underwent anthropometric, metabolic, and nutritional assessments. RESULTS: Approximately 40.5% of subjects had achieved restoration of normal glucose tolerance by the end of the study. Fasting plasma glucose, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, visceral adiposity index, triglycerides, and total and LDL cholesterol levels were significantly decreased, while HDL cholesterol had significantly increased by the end of the study. The subjects significantly increased adherence to MD, as assessed by the PREDIMED questionnaire at follow-up. A reduction of prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was also reported. Interestingly, the PREDIMED score correlated with HbA1C values at follow-up, after adjusting for BMI and total caloric intake. CONCLUSIONS: Implementation of short-term patient empowerment as applied to MD adherence was shown to improve anthropometric and metabolic parameters in prediabetic overweight or obese subjects. This is of considerable importance, given that diet must be the cornerstone of treatment in patients at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. FAU - Muscogiuri, Giovanna
Ideal Cardiovascular Health and Arterial Stiffness in Spanish Adults-The EVIDENT Study.; BACKGROUND: Studies concerning ideal cardiovascular (CV) health and its relationship with arterial stiffness are lacking. This study examined the association between arterial stiffness with ideal CV health as defined by the American Heart Association, across age groups and gender. METHODS: The cross-sectional study included 1365 adults. Ideal CV health was defined as meeting ideal levels of the following components: 4 behaviors (smoking, body mass index, physical activity, and Mediterranean diet adherence) and 3 factors (total cholesterol, blood pressure, and glycated hemoglobin). Patients were grouped into 3 categories according to their number of ideal CV health metrics: ideal (5-7 metrics), intermediate (3-4 metrics), and poor (0-2 metrics). We analyzed the pulse wave velocity (PWV), the central and radial augmentation indexes, and the ambulatory arterial stiffness index (AASI). RESULTS: The ideal CV health profile was inversely associated with lower arterial radial augmentation index and AASI in both genders, particularly in middle-aged (45-65 years) and in elderly subjects (>65 years). Also in elderly subjects, adjusted models showed that adults with at least 3 health metrics at ideal levels had significantly lower PWV than those with 2 or fewer ideal health metrics. CONCLUSIONS: An association was found between a favorable level of ideal CV health metrics and lower arterial stiffness across age groups.
An Intensive Lifestyle Intervention to Treat Type 2 Diabetes in the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.; Background: The Republic of the Marshall Islands has the highest prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in the world, with the country's rapid rise of T2D attributed to its reliance on imported and refined foods laden with salt, sugar, and fat. As much as lifestyle factors can increase the risk of T2D, they can also reverse or treat the disease, with multiple studies demonstrating that plant-based diets and/or moderate exercise improve glycemic control and cardiovascular risk factors in T2D patients. Objective: We therefore tested the hypothesis that a community-based, intensive, plant-rich lifestyle intervention with exercise is more effective for treating and managing T2D in the Republic of the Marshall Islands than the standard of diabetes care. Methods: Building on a successful lifestyle program used at the Guam Seventh-day Adventist Clinic, we conducted a randomized controlled trial to test the effectiveness of an intensive lifestyle intervention involving a plant-rich diet and moderate exercise or the standard of care in T2D patients for 24 weeks. In this manuscript, we describe the clinical trial protocol, including the rationale, design, and methods of the clinical trial and the lifestyle program. The lifestyle intervention included a step-wise, intensive 12-week program of counseling and instruction on healthy eating, exercise, and stress management. The prescribed diet focused on high-fiber, whole plant foods, with foods grouped into a four-tiered system. The lifestyle intervention also involved hands-on cooking classes, meals prepared for participants, and group exercise classes-all tailored to be culturally appropriate. The study's main endpoints were glycemic control and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Discussion: The present study is the first randomized clinical trial conducted in the Republic of the Marshall Islands and the first lifestyle intervention trial conducted in Micronesia. The results of this study will help guide future medical care for indigenous populations in the Pacific Islands and will also shed light on how to effectively design and deliver intensive lifestyle interventions to treat and manage diabetes. Clinical Trials Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov; identifier NCT03862963. FAU - Davis, Brenda C
The Aqueous Extract of Gynura divaricata (L.) DC. Improves Glucose and Lipid Metabolism and Ameliorates Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic disease characterized by hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia caused by impaired insulin secretion and resistance of the peripheral tissues. A major pathogenesis of T2DM is obesity-associated insulin resistance. Gynura divaricata (L.) DC. (GD) is a natural plant and has been reported to have numerous health-promoting effects on both animals and humans. In this study, we aimed to elucidate the regulatory mechanism of GD improving glucose and lipid metabolism in an obesity animal model induced by high-fat and high-sugar diet in combination with low dose of streptozocin and an insulin-resistant HepG2 cell model induced by dexamethasone. The study showed that the water extract of GD (GD extract A) could significantly reduce fasting serum glucose, reverse dyslipidemia and pancreatic damage, and regulate the body weight of mice. We also found that GD extract A had low toxicity in vivo and in vitro. Furthermore, GD extract A may increase glucose consumption in insulin-resistant HepG2 cells, markedly inhibit NF-κB activation, and decrease the impairment in signaling molecules of insulin pathway, such as IRS-1, AKT, and GLUT1. Overall, the results indicate that GD extract A is a promising candidate for the prevention and treatment of T2DM. FAU - Li, Jinnan
The Impact of Mediterranean Dietary Patterns During Pregnancy on Maternal and Offspring Health. LID - 10.3390/nu11051098 [doi] LID - 1098; (1) Background: Pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child are affected by many environmental factors. The importance of pregnancy for 'early life programming' is well established and maternal nutrition is an important factor contributing to a favourable environment for developing offspring. We aim to assess whether following a Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy is beneficial for maternal and offspring outcomes; (2) Methods: a systematic review was performed using standardized reporting guidelines with the National Heart Lung and Blood Iinstitute quality assessment tool for selection and extraction; (3) Results: results show that being on a Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy is associated with favourable outcomes for both maternal and offspring health, particularly for gestational diabetes in mothers and congenital defects in offspring (4) Conclusions: Following a Mediterranean dietary pattern during gestation is beneficial for the health of both the mother and offspring. Pregnant women and those trying to conceive should be advised to follow a Mediterranean Diet to potentially decrease, for example, the likelihood of atopy (OR 0.55) in the offspring and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the mother (OR 0.73). FAU - Amati, Federica
The Fluid Aspect of the Mediterranean Diet in the Prevention and Management of Cardiovascular Disease and Diabetes: The Role of Polyphenol Content in Moderate Consumption of Wine and Olive Oil. LID - 10.3390/nu11112833 [doi] LID - 2833; A growing interest has emerged in the beneficial effects of plant-based diets for the prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The Mediterranean diet, one of the most widely evaluated dietary patterns in scientific literature, includes in its nutrients two fluid foods: olive oil, as the main source of fats, and a low-to-moderate consumption of wine, mainly red, particularly during meals. Current mechanisms underlying the beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet include a reduction in inflammatory and oxidative stress markers, improvement in lipid profile, insulin sensitivity and endothelial function, as well as antithrombotic properties. Most of these effects are attributable to bioactive ingredients including polyphenols, mono- and poly-unsaturated fatty acids. Polyphenols are a heterogeneous group of phytochemicals containing phenol rings. The principal classes of red wine polyphenols include flavonols (quercetin and myricetin), flavanols (catechin and epicatechin), anthocyanin and stilbenes (resveratrol). Olive oil has at least 30 phenolic compounds. Among them, the main are simple phenols (tyrosol and hydroxytyrosol), secoroids and lignans. The present narrative review focuses on phenols, part of red wine and virgin olive oil, discussing the evidence of their effects on lipids, blood pressure, atheromatous plaque and glucose metabolism. FAU - Ditano-Vázquez, Paola
New insights into seaweed polyphenols on glucose homeostasis.; CONTEXT: Polyphenol-rich marine macroalgae are gaining dietary importance due to their influence over diabetes mellitus and the role as a vital source of high-value nutraceuticals. Their assorted beneficial effects on human health include competitive inhibition of digestive enzymes, varying the activity of hepatic glucose-metabolizing enzymes, lowering the plasma glucose levels, and lipid peroxidation, delaying the aging process. OBJECTIVE: In this paper, we review the health beneficial effects of polyphenols and phlorotannins from brown seaweeds with special emphasis on their inhibitory effects on carbohydrate-metabolizing enzymes. METHODS: A survey of literature from databases such as Sciencedirect, Scopus, Pubmed, Springerlink, and Google Scholar from the year 1973 to 2013 was done to bring together the information relating to drug discovery from brown seaweeds as a source for diabetes treatment. RESULTS: Over the past two decades, 20 different bioactive polyphenols/phlorotannins have been isolated and studied from 10 different brown algae. Discussion of the positive effect on the inhibition of enzymes metabolizing carbohydrates in both in vitro and in vivo experiments are included. CONCLUSION: Despite the recent advancements in isolating bioactive compounds from seaweeds with potential health benefit or pharmaceutical behavior, studies on the polyphenol effectiveness on glucose homeostasis in human beings are very few in response to their functional characterization. Added research in this area is required to confirm the close connection of polyphenol rich seaweed-based diet consumption with glucose homeostasis and the exciting possibility of prescribing polyphenols to treat the diabetes pandemic. FAU - Murugan, Amarchand Chordia
Little variation in diet cost across wide ranges of overall dietary quality among youth with type 1 diabetes.; We examined the association of diet quality with diet cost in a sample of youth with type 1 diabetes, for whom diet is an important component of medical management. Differences in food group spending by diet quality were also examined to identify potential budgetary reallocation to improve overall diet quality. Families of 252 youth with type 1 diabetes aged 8 to 18 years completed 3-day youth diet records. Cost of each food reported was calculated based on the average price obtained from two online grocery stores. Diet cost was estimated as average daily cost of foods consumed. The Healthy Eating Index 2005 (HEI2005), Nutrient Rich Foods Index version 9.3, and Whole Plant Food Density scores were evaluated. Differences in mean daily diet cost across tertiles of HEI2005, Nutrient Rich Foods Index version 9.3, and Whole Plant Food Density were modest, with none reaching statistical significance. Those in the upper tertile of HEI2005 spent more on whole fruit, whole grains, lean meat, and low-fat dairy, and less on high-fat meat and high-fat dairy compared with those in the lower tertiles. Higher-quality diets can be obtained at comparable costs to lesser-quality diets, suggesting that cost need not be an insurmountable barrier to more healthful eating. Reallocation of spending may increase overall quality without substantially increasing overall spending. Findings suggest potential strategies for assisting families of youth with type 1 diabetes in identifying cost-effective ways to achieve a more healthful diet.
Plant fiber and blood pressure.; Vegetarians and other persons with high fiber intakes have lower average blood pressures than persons with low fiber intakes. We assessed blood pressures in 12 nonobese, insulin-treated, diabetic men on control diets and high carbohydrate and fiber (HCF) diets. The control diets provided 20 g/d of plant fiber, whereas the HCF diets provided 65 g/d. The insulin doses required to maintain satisfactory glycemic control were 73% lower with HCF diets than with control diets. Average blood pressures were 10% lower (p less than 0.01) with HCF diets than with control diets. In a study of six additional men, fecal water excretion was twofold greater with HCF diets than with control diets. Alterations in gastrointestinal function, nutrient absorption rates, and secretion of gastrointestinal and pancreatic hormones may influence blood pressure. The possible antinatriuretic effects of insulin may influence blood pressure responses to fiber intake. Further studies are needed to assess critically the effects of fiber intake on blood pressure. FAU - Anderson, J W
Mediterranean diet and white matter hyperintensity volume in the Northern Manhattan Study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between a Mediterranean-style diet (MeDi) and brain magnetic resonance imaging white matter hyperintensity volume (WMHV). DESIGN: A cross-sectional analysis within a longitudinal population-based cohort study. A semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire was administered, and a score (range, 0-9) was calculated to reflect increasing similarity to the MeDi pattern. SETTING: The Northern Manhattan Study. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 1091 participants, of whom 966 had dietary information (mean age, 72 years; 59.3% women, 64.6% Hispanic, 15.6% white, and 17.5% black). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The WMHV was measured by quantitative brain magnetic resonance imaging. Linear regression models were constructed to examine the association between the MeDi score and the log-transformed WMHV as a proportion of total cranial volume, controlling for sociodemographic and vascular risk factors. RESULTS: On the MeDi scale, 11.6% scored 0 to 2, 15.8% scored 3, 23.0% scored 4, 23.5% scored 5, and 26.1% scored 6 to 9. Each 1-point increase in MeDi score was associated with a lower log WMHV (β = -.04, P = .01). The only MeDi score component that was an independent predictor of WMHV was the ratio of monounsaturated to saturated fat (β = -.20, P = .001). CONCLUSIONS: A MeDi was associated with a lower WMHV burden, a marker of small vessel damage in the brain. However, white matter hyperintensities are etiologically heterogenous and can include neurodegeneration. Replication by other population-based studies is needed. FAU - Gardener, Hannah
Dietary plant materials and development of diabetes in the BB rat.; The present study was designed to examine further the impact of individual plant protein sources found in a diabetogenic, cereal-based, rodent laboratory diet, NIH-07 [open formula, nonpurified rat and mouse diet (positive control)], on the development of diabetes. Diabetes-prone BB rats that were pan-T(OX19+)-lymphopenic were fed a low diabetogenic diet during gestation and lactation. Progeny of these rats were fed a normal or autoclaved NIH-07 diet, or one of eight other diets based on the AIN-76A formulation, with modified protein sources as follows: hydrolyzed casein (HC), soybean meal, HC+ trypsin inhibitor (TI) in water (2 mg/mL, wheat germ, alfalfa seeds, Brewer's yeast, red lentils and a plant protein mixture. Feeding soybean meal increased the incidence of diabetes compared with the negative control, HC diet (47% vs. 12% incidence, P = 0.02). Wheat germ, alfalfa seeds and plant protein mixture resulted in an intermediate incidence of diabetes of 33%; the incidence was lower for Brewer's yeast and lentils (20% and 13%). Autoclaving (121 degrees C, 10 min) the NIH-07 diet or the presence of TI in drinking water had a minimal effect on diabetes frequency, suggesting heat-labile plant toxicants were not directly involved. Thus, certain dietary plant protein sources or associated agents may influence the development of spontaneous diabetes in the BB rat. FAU - Hoorfar, J
The association between a Mediterranean-style diet and kidney function in the Northern Manhattan Study cohort.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Various dietary strategies have been investigated to slow kidney function decline. However, it is unknown whether a Mediterranean diet, which has been associated with improved cardiovascular risk, is associated with change in kidney function. DESIGN, SETTING, PARTICIPANTS, & MEASUREMENTS: This study used the Northern Manhattan Study, a prospective, multiethnic, observational cohort of participants who were stroke free at baseline. Data were collected between 1993 and 2008. Serum creatinine measurements were taken a mean 6.9 years apart. A baseline dietary questionnaire was extrapolated into a previously used 9-point scoring system (MeDi). The primary outcome was incident eGFR<60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2)using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease formula. A secondary outcome was the upper quartile of annualized eGFR decline (≥ 2.5 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) per year). Conditional logistic regression models adjusted for demographics and baseline vascular risk factors. RESULTS: Mean baseline age was 64 years, with 59% women and 65% Hispanics (N=900); mean baseline eGFR was 83.1 ml/min per 1.73 m(2). Incident eGFR<60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) developed in 14% . In adjusted models, every 1-point increase in the MeDi score, indicating increasing adherence to a Mediterranean diet, was associated with decreased odds of incident eGFR<60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) (odds ratio, 0.83; 95% confidence interval, 0.71 to 0.96) and decreased odds of being in the upper quartile of eGFR decline (odds ratio, 0.88; 95% confidence interval, 0.79 to 0.98). CONCLUSIONS: A Mediterranean diet was associated with a reduced incidence of eGFR<60 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) and upper quartile of eGFR decline in a multiethnic cohort.
Dietary inflammatory index or Mediterranean diet score as risk factors for total and cardiovascular mortality.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Dietary patterns are associated with risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We aimed to examine associations of the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII) and the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) with total, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study; and compare the strengths of the associations. METHODS AND RESULTS: In our prospective cohort study of 41,513 men and women aged 40-69 years, a food frequency questionnaire was completed at baseline and mortality data were obtained via linkage with local and national registries over an average of 19 years follow up. At baseline, questionnaires were completed and physical measures and blood samples taken. Cox proportional hazards models, adjusting for age, alcohol consumption, sex, region of origin, personal history of CVD or diabetes and family history of CVD, were used to assess associations between dietary scores and mortality. More Mediterranean or less inflammatory diets were associated with lower total, CVD and CHD mortality. The hazard ratio for total mortality comparing the highest and lowest quintiles was 1.16 (95%CI: 1.08-1.24) for DII; and 0.86 (95%CI: 0.80-0.93) comparing the highest and lowest three categories of MDS. Using the Bayesian information criterion, there was no evidence that the DII score was more strongly associated with total and CVD mortality than was the MDS. CONCLUSIONS: The MDI and the DII show similar associations with total and cardiovascular mortality, consistent with the consensus that plant-based diets are beneficial for health.
Low-protein diets in CKD: how can we achieve them? A narrative, pragmatic review.; Low-protein diets (LPDs) have encountered various fortunes, and several questions remain open. No single study, including the famous Modification of Diet in Renal Disease, was conclusive and even if systematic reviews are in favour of protein restriction, at least in non-diabetic adults, implementation is lagging. LPDs are considered difficult, malnutrition is a threat and compliance is poor. LPDs have been reappraised in this era of reconsideration of dialysis indications and timing. The definition of a normal-adequate protein diet has shifted in the overall population from 1 to 1.2 to 0.8 g/kg/day. Vegan-vegetarian diets are increasingly widespread, thus setting the groundwork for easier integration of moderate protein restriction in Chronic Kidney Disease. There are four main moderately restricted LPDs (0.6 g/kg/day). Two of them require careful planning of quantity and quality of food: a 'traditional' one, with mixed proteins that works on the quantity and quality of food and a vegan one, which integrates grains and legumes. Two further options may be seen as a way to simplify LPDs while being on the safe side for malnutrition: adding supplements of essential amino and keto acids (various doses) allows an easier shift from omnivorous to vegan diets, while protein-free food intake allows for an increase in calories. Very-low-protein diets (vLPDs: 0.3 g/kg/day) combine both approaches and usually require higher doses of supplements. Moderately restricted LPDs may be adapted to virtually any cuisine and should be tailored to the patients' preferences, while vLPDs usually require trained, compliant patients; a broader offer of diet options may lead to more widespread use of LPDs, without competition among the various schemas. FAU - Piccoli, Giorgina Barbara
Effectiveness of Following Mediterranean Diet Recommendations in the Real World in the Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Adverse Maternal-Foetal Outcomes: A Prospective, Universal, Interventional Study with a Single Group. The St Carlos Study. LID - 10.3390/nu11061210 [doi] LID - 1210; We reported that a Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet), supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) and pistachios, reduces GDM incidence and several other adverse outcomes. In order to assess its translational effects in the real world we evaluated the effect of MedDiet from 1st gestational visit in GDM rate compared with control (CG) and intervention (IG) groups from the previously referred trial. As secondary objective we also compared adverse perinatal outcomes between normoglycemic and diabetic women. This trial is a prospective, clinic-based, interventional study with a single group. 1066 eligible normoglycaemic women before 12 gestational weeks were assessed. 932 women (32.4 ± 5.2 years old, pre-gestational BMI 22.5 ± 3.5 kg/m(2)) received a motivational lifestyle interview with emphasis on daily consumption of EVOO and nuts, were followed-up and analysed. Binary regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational weight gain (GWG), caesarean-section, perineal trauma, preterm delivery, small (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA), and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit admissions. GDM was diagnosed in 13.9%. This rate was significantly lower than the CG: RR 0.81 (0.73-0.93), p < 0.001 and no different from the IG: RR 0.96 (0.85-1.07), p = 0.468. GWG was lower in diabetic women (10.88 ± 6.46 vs. 12.30 ± 5.42 Kg; p = 0.013). Excessive weight gain (EWG) was also lower in GDM [RR 0.91 (0.86-0.96); p < 0.001] without a significant increase of insufficient weight gain. LGA were also lower (1 (0.8%) vs. 31 (3.9%); p < 0.05)), and SGA were similar (5 (3.8%) vs. 30 (3.7%)). LGA were associated to EWG (RR 1.61 (1.35-1.91), p < 0.001). Differences in other maternal-foetal outcomes were not found. In conclusions an early MedDiet nutritional intervention reduces GDM incidence and maternal-foetal adverse outcomes and should be universally applied as 1st line therapy. GDM might not be consider as a high risk pregnancy any longer. FAU - de la Torre, Nuria García
Tea and its consumption: benefits and risks.; The recent convention of introducing phytochemicals to support the immune system or combat diseases is a centuries' old tradition. Nutritional support is an emerging advancement in the domain of diet-based therapies; tea and its constituents are one of the significant components of these strategies to maintain the health and reduce the risk of various malignancies. Tea is the most frequently consumed beverage worldwide, besides water. All the three most popular types of tea, green (unfermented), black (fully fermented), and oolong (semifermented), are manufactured from the leaves of the plant Camellia sinensis. Tea possesses significant antioxidative, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial, anticarcinogenic, antihypertensive, neuroprotective, cholesterol-lowering, and thermogenic properties. Several research investigations, epidemiological studies, and meta-analyses suggest that tea and its bioactive polyphenolic constituents have numerous beneficial effects on health, including the prevention of many diseases, such as cancer, diabetes, arthritis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), stroke, genital warts, and obesity. Controversies regarding beneficialts and risks of tea consumption still exist but the limitless health-promoting benefits of tea outclass its few reported toxic effects. However, with significant rise in the scientific investigation of role of tea in human life, this review is intended to highlight the beneficial effects and risks associated with tea consumption. FAU - Hayat, Khizar
Biochemical perspectives of xylitol extracted from indigenous agricultural by-product mung bean (Vigna radiata) hulls in a rat model.; BACKGROUND: The production of xylitol from lignocellulosic material is of great interest around the world. It can be used as bulk sweetener and its possible lower energy value has increased acceptance for discerning consumers. Xylitol was produced from indigenous agricultural by-product (mung bean hulls) through Candida tropicalis fermentation. Further, xylitol incorporation at different concentrations (0, 100 and 200 g kg⁻¹) was carried out with the purpose of appraising the suitability and claimed health benefits of this dietetic ingredient in food products. Asserted biochemical perspectives of the xylitol intake were evaluated through biological studies for normal and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. RESULTS: The addition of xylitol significantly affected feed intake, weight gain, liver and cecum weight in both normal and diabetic rats. The biochemical profile of serum was improved with xylitol incorporation in the diet. Serum glucose, cholesterol and triglycerides levels were decreased depending on xylitol intake level. CONCLUSION: The results of the present study demonstrated that mung bean hulls have high potential as a new feedstock for xylitol production. In addressing the current concerns of obesity and diabetes, xylitol extracted from such agricultural waste should be considered in diet-based therapies for weight loss programmes. FAU - Mushtaq, Zarina
Review on rosmarinic acid extraction, fractionation and its anti-diabetic potential.; Rosmarinic acid is a bioactive phytochemical that can be found in many herbs as ethnomedicines. It possesses remarkable pharmacological activities, and thus leading to its exploration as a therapeutic drug in diabetes treatment recently. This article reviews the extraction and fractionation techniques for plant-based natural rosmarinic acid and its anti-diabetic potential based on literature data published in journals, books, and patents from 1958 to 2017. Factors affecting the performance of rosmarinic acid extraction and fractionation such as operating temperature, time, solvent to sample ratio and eluent system are compiled and discussed in detail. The inhibitory action of rosmarinic acid against sugar digestive enzymes, and protective action towards pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and glucolipotoxicity mediated oxidative stress are also critically reviewed. The optimal parameters are largely dependent on the applied extraction and fractionation techniques, as well as the nature of plant samples. Previous studies have proven the potent role of rosmarinic acid to control plasma glucose level and increase insulin sensitivity in hyperglycemia. Although rosmarinic acid is readily absorbed by human body, its mechanism after consumption is remained unclear. Intensive studies should be well planned to determine the dosage and toxicity level of rosmarinic acid for efficacy and safe consumption.
Retinal neuroprotective effects of quercetin in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the effects of Quercetin (Qctn), a plant based flavonol, on retinal oxidative stress, neuroinflammation and apoptosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Qctn treatment (25- and 50 mg/kg body weight) was given orally for six months in diabetic rats. Retinal glutathione (GSH) and antioxidant enzymes [superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (CAT)] were estimated using commercially available assays, and inflammatory cytokines levels [tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), Interleukin-1β (IL-1β)] were estimated by ELISA method. Immunofluorescence and western blot studies were performed for nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kB), caspase-3, glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and aquaporin-4 (AQP4) expressions. Structural changes were evaluated by light microscopy. In the present study, retinal GSH levels and antioxidant enzyme (SOD and CAT) activities were significantly decreased in diabetic group as compared to normal group. However, in Qctn-treated rats, retinal GSH levels were restored close to normal levels and positive modulation of antioxidant enzyme activities was observed. Diabetic retinas showed significantly increased expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines (TNF-α and IL-1β) as compared to that in normal retinas, while Qctn-treated retinas showed significantly lower levels of cytokines as compared to diabetic retinas. Light microscopy showed significantly increased number of ganglion cell death and decreased retinal thickness in diabetic group compared to those in normal retina; however, protective effect of Qctn was seen. Increased apoptosis in diabetic retina is proposed to be mediated by overexpression of NF-kB and caspase-3. However, Qctn showed inhibitory effects on NF-kB and caspase-3 expression. Microglia showed upregulated GFAP expression, and inflammation of Müller cells resulted in edema in their endfeet and around perivascular space in nerve fiber layer in diabetic retina, as observed through AQP4 expression. However, Qctn treatments inhibited diabetes-induced increases in GFAP and AQP4 expression. Based on these findings, it can be concluded that bioflavonoids, such as Qctn can be effective for protection of diabetes induced retinal neurodegeneration and oxidative stress.
[Sports, exercise and health. On the way into a new century].; In most countries throughout the world, except those affected by the HIV-Aids epidemic, populations are increasing in size, rapidly getting older, and becoming more sedentary. This combination, along with the adoption of unhealthy habits such as cigarette smoking and consumption of an animal-based rather than a plant-based diet, will result in chronic degenerative diseases becoming the most common cause of disability and premature death throughout the world during the first twenty-five years of this new millennium. As more and more populations acquire the technology that reduces the need to exercise for transportation, occupation or maintaining a household, lack of activity quickly becomes a major risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, hypertension and noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus. This lack of activity appears to contribute to other disorders such as osteoporosis and selected site-specific cancers. In older persons, inactivity can become a major reason for loss of physical independence and a reduction in their quality of life. Public health approaches will be needed to reverse this trend of increasing "hypokinetic" diseases as the computer/communication revolution becomes worldwide. These public health programs will need to be supported by government and corporate changes in policies that provide time, facilities and incentives for maintaining an appropriately active life-style. The goal should be for all adults to perform at least 30 minutes of moderate to vigorous intensity exercise on most days. FAU - Haskell, W L
Communicating clinical research to reduce cancer risk through diet: Walnuts as a case example.; Inflammation is one mechanism through which cancer is initiated and progresses, and is implicated in the etiology of other conditions that affect cancer risk and prognosis, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and visceral obesity. Emerging human evidence, primarily epidemiological, suggests that walnuts impact risk of these chronic diseases via inflammation. The published literature documents associations between walnut consumption and reduced risk of cancer, and mortality from cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, particularly within the context of the Mediterranean Diet. While encouraging, follow-up in human intervention trials is needed to better elucidate any potential cancer prevention effect of walnuts, per se. In humans, the far-reaching positive effects of a plant-based diet that includes walnuts may be the most critical message for the public. Indeed, appropriate translation of nutrition research is essential for facilitating healthful consumer dietary behavior. This paper will explore the translation and application of human evidence regarding connections with cancer and biomarkers of inflammation to the development of dietary guidance for the public and individualized dietary advice. Strategies for encouraging dietary patterns that may reduce cancer risk will be explored. FAU - Toner, Cheryl D
The 2015 Dutch food-based dietary guidelines.; The objective of this study was to derive food-based dietary guidelines for the Dutch population. The dietary guidelines are based on 29 systematic reviews of English language meta-analyses in PubMed summarizing randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies on nutrients, foods and food patterns and the risk of 10 major chronic diseases: coronary heart disease, stroke, heart failure, diabetes, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, lung cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, dementia and depression. The committee also selected three causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases or diabetes: systolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and body weight. Findings were categorized as strong or weak evidence, inconsistent effects, too little evidence or effect unlikely for experimental and observational data separately. Next, the committee selected only findings with a strong level of evidence for deriving the guidelines. Convincing evidence was based on strong evidence from the experimental data either or not in combination with strong evidence from prospective cohort studies. Plausible evidence was based on strong evidence from prospective cohort studies only. A general guideline to eat a more plant food-based dietary pattern and limit consumption of animal-based food and 15 specific guidelines have been formulated. There are 10 new guidelines on legumes, nuts, meat, dairy produce, cereal products, fats and oils, tea, coffee and sugar-containing beverages. Three guidelines on vegetables, fruits, fish and alcoholic beverages have been sharpened, and the 2006 guideline on salt stayed the same. A separate guideline has been formulated on nutrient supplements. Completely food-based dietary guidelines can be derived in a systematic and transparent way. FAU - Kromhout, D
Association of dietary patterns and dietary diversity with cardiometabolic disease risk factors among adults in South Asia: The CARRS study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association of dietary patterns and dietary diversity with cardiometabolic disease risk factors among South Asians. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: In a population based study conducted in 2010-11, we recruited 16,287 adults aged >20 years residing in Delhi, Chennai, and Karachi. Diet was assessed using an interviewer-administered 26-item food frequency questionnaire. Principal component analysis identified three dietary patterns: Prudent, Indian, and Non-Vegetarian. We also computed a dietary diversity score. Multinomial and binary logistic regressions were used to calculate adjusted prevalence (95% confidence intervals) of cardio-metabolic disease risk factors across quartiles of dietary pattern and dietary diversity scores. RESULTS: The adjusted prevalence of diagnosed diabetes was lower among participants in the highest versus lowest quartile of the Prudent Pattern (4.7% [3.8-5.6] versus 10.3% [8.5-12.0]), and the Indian Pattern (4.8% [3.7-5.9] versus 8.7% [6.7-10.6] in highest versus lowest quartile, respectively). Participants following the Indian Pattern also had lower adjusted prevalence of diagnosed hypertension (7.0% [5.4-8.5] versus 10.6% [8.6-12.5] in highest versus lowest quartile, respectively). Participants in the highest versus lowest quartile of the dietary diversity score had a lower adjusted prevalence of diagnosed diabetes (4.1% [3.0-5.2] versus 8.2% [7.1-9.3]), diagnosed hypertension (6.7% [5.3-8.1] versus 10.3% [9.1-11.5]), and undiagnosed hypertension (14.2% [12.0-16.4] versus 18.5% [16.9-20.1]). CONCLUSIONS: High dietary diversity appears to be protective against cardio-metabolic disease risk factors in this urban cohort of South Asian adults. Further investigation to understand the underlying mechanism of this observation is warranted. FAU - Kapoor, Deksha
Dietary change: what are the responses and roles of significant others?; OBJECTIVE: This study examined the impact of one person's dietary change on the experiences of a significant other with whom they regularly shared meals. DESIGN: Qualitative constant comparison approach using semistructured interviews. SETTING: Community-based. PARTICIPANTS: Forty-two participants were recruited using a stratified purposive sampling strategy. ANALYSIS: Verbatim transcripts were analyzed using NUD*IST, version 4.0 software (Qualitative Solutions and Research, Melbourne, Australia, 1997) and manual coding. RESULTS: Most dietary changers had modified their diets in response to a disease diagnosis (eg, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, hypoglycemia, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), ulcer, allergies). Others had changed their diets for personal reasons (eg, weight loss, vegetarian diets). The dietary changes included dietary fat reduction, conversion to vegetarian or vegan diets, restriction of total kilocalorie intake, and elimination or reduction of specific food items. Significant others described a range of emotional responses to the dietary change, including cooperation, encouragement, skepticism, and anger. Significant others' descriptions of the roles that they played in the dietary change were positive (enabling), neutral (neither enabling nor inhibiting), or negative (inhibiting). Most significant others played positive roles; few played neutral or negative roles. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: Understanding dietary change from the perspective of significant others can enable nutrition professionals to develop strategies to promote dietary modifications as a shared activity. FAU - Paisley, Judy
The beneficial effects of Mediterranean diet over low-fat diet may be mediated by decreasing hepatic fat content.; BACKGROUND & AIM: It is unclear if a reduction in hepatic fat content (HFC) is a major mediator of the cardiometabolic benefit of lifestyle intervention, and whether it has prognostic significance beyond the loss of visceral adipose tissue (VAT). In the present sub-study, we hypothesized that HFC loss in response to dietary interventions induces specific beneficial effects independently of VAT changes. METHODS: In an 18-month weight-loss trial, 278 participants with abdominal obesity/dyslipidemia were randomized to low-fat (LF) or Mediterranean/low-carbohydrate (MED/LC + 28 g walnuts/day) diets with/without moderate physical activity. HFC and abdominal fat-depots were measured using magnetic resonance imaging at baseline, after 6 (sub-study, n = 158) and 18 months. RESULTS: Of 278 participants (mean HFC 10.2% [range: 0.01%-50.4%]), the retention rate was 86.3%. The %HFC substantially decreased after 6 months (-6.6% absolute units [-41% relatively]) and 18 months (-4.0% absolute units [-29% relatively]; p <0.001 vs. baseline). Reductions of HFC were associated with decreases in VAT beyond weight loss. After controlling for VAT loss, decreased %HFC remained independently associated with reductions in serum gamma glutamyltransferase and alanine aminotransferase, circulating chemerin, and glycated hemoglobin (p <0.05). While the reduction in HFC was similar between physical activity groups, MED/LC induced a greater %HFC decrease (p = 0.036) and greater improvements in cardiometabolic risk parameters (p <0.05) than the LF diet, even after controlling for VAT changes. Yet, the greater improvements in cardiometabolic risk parameters induced by MED/LC were all markedly attenuated when controlling for HFC changes. CONCLUSIONS: %HFC is substantially reduced by diet-induced moderate weight loss and is more effectively reduced by the MED/LC diet than the LF diet, independently of VAT changes. The beneficial effects of the MED/LC diet on specific cardiometabolic parameters appear to be mediated more by decreases in %HFC than VAT loss. LAY SUMMARY: High hepatic fat content is associated with metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and coronary heart disease. In the CENTRAL 18-month intervention trial, a Mediterranean/low-carbohydrate diet induced a greater decrease in hepatic fat content than a low-fat diet, conferring beneficial health effects that were beyond the favorable effects of visceral fat loss. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01530724.
Medicinal Plants for Diabetes Treatment During Pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus is a syndrome of great importance that affects an increasing number of people every day. In particular, diabetes is a common and important disease during pregnancy and is marked by complications, both fetal and maternal, that increase the risks of morbidity and mortality for diabetic pregnant women and their offspring. Drugs such as insulin and hypoglycemic drugs are given to treat diabetes, but regular exercise and adequate diet have also been indicated. Furthermore, coadjutant therapies such as medicinal plants are popularly used to reduce diabetes-induced hyperglycemia, either within or outside the context of pregnancy. However, studies examining plant use for diabetes treatment are necessary to confirm its possible effects and its safety for the mother and fetus. The objective of this literature review was to conduct a survey of plant species that are utilized worldwide and their stated therapeutic uses. A literature search was performed using the terms "diabetes and pregnancy", which resulted in the identification of 31,272 articles. Of these studies, only 12 (0.0038%) were related to medicinal plants, demonstrating that there has been little investigation into this issue. Of the papers analyzed in this review, half evaluated plant leaves, indicating that these scientific studies attempted to reproduce the preparations commonly used by various populations, i.e., in the form of tea. Additionally, more than 90% of studies utilized experimental animals to evaluate the maternal-fetal safety of medicinal plant substances that may potentially be dangerous for humans. Thus, once confidence levels for plant-derived substances are established based on toxicological analyses and safety is confirmed, it is possible that plants will be used to complement conventional diabetes therapies.
[Nutritional therapy of gout].; Nutrition and nutritional behaviours have been found to play a major role in the development of gout. Studies show that body mass index (BMI), as well as excessive intake of alcoholic beverages, meat, soft drinks and fruit juices increase the risk of developing gout. Similarly, dairy products and coffee have been seen to decrease the risk of hyperuricemia and gout, as they increase the excretion of uric acid. Flares of gout are often caused by large meals and high alcohol consumption. Each additional intake of meat portion per day increases the risk of gout by 21 %. Taking total alcohol consumption into account, the risk of gout increases after one to two standard drinks. In contrast to previous assumptions purine-rich plant foods like legumes and vegetables do not increase the risk of gout. The current dietary guidelines take into account nutritional factors, which not only consider purine intake, but also their endogenous production and their influence on renal excretion. A balanced diet based on the Swiss healthy eating guideline pyramid as well as the Mediterranean diet is appropriate for this patient population. The treatment of gout is multi-faceted, since this patient population presents other comorbidities such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and hypertension. Collectively, these risk factors are diet dependent and require a treatment strategy that is centered on modifying one's nutrition and nutritional behaviours. The aim of such therapy is to educate the patient as well as treat the accompanying comorbidities with the goal of decreasing serum uric acid values. Motivated patients require consultation and follow-up care in order to be able to actively decrease the serum uric acid. FAU - Nickolai, Beate
Can Families Eat Better Without Spending More? Improving Diet Quality Does Not Increase Diet Cost in a Randomized Clinical Trial among Youth with Type 1 Diabetes and Their Parents.; BACKGROUND: Although cost is a frequently cited barrier to healthful eating, limited prospective data exist. OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of diet cost with diet quality change. DESIGN: An 18-month randomized clinical trial evaluated a dietary intervention. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: Youth with type 1 diabetes duration ≥1 year, age 8.0 to 16.9 years, receiving care at an outpatient tertiary diabetes center in Boston, MA, participated along with a parent from 2010 to 2013 (N=136). Eighty-two percent of participants were from middle- to upper-income households. INTERVENTION: The family-based behavioral intervention targeted intake of whole plant foods. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Diet quality as indicated by the Healthy Eating Index 2005 (HEI-2005) (which measures conformance to the 2005 Dietary Guidelines for Americans) and whole plant food density (cup or ounce equivalents per 1,000 kcal target food groups) were calculated from 3-day food records of youth and parent dietary intake at six and four time points, respectively. Food prices were obtained from two online supermarkets common to the study location. Daily diet cost was calculated by summing prices of reported foods. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Random effects models estimated treatment group differences in time-varying diet cost. Separate models for youth and parent adjusted for covariates examined associations of time-varying change in diet quality with change in diet cost. RESULTS: There was no treatment effect on time-varying diet cost for either youth (β -.49, 95% CI -1.07 to 0.08; P=0.10) or parents (β .24, 95% CI -1.61 to 2.08; P=0.80). In addition, time-varying change in diet quality indicators was not associated with time-varying change in diet cost for youth. Among parents, a 1-cup or 1-oz equivalent increase in whole plant food density was associated with a $0.63/day lower diet cost (β -.63, 95% CI -1.20 to -0.05; P=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Improved diet quality was not accompanied by greater cost for youth with type 1 diabetes and their parents participating in a randomized clinical trial. Findings challenge the prevailing assumption that improving diet quality necessitates greater cost.
The Mediterranean diet: health, science and society.; The Mediterranean diet (MD) emerged as a healthy food regimen long before it could be recognised which nutrients or foods were responsible for its observed benefits, and it was only in the middle of the last century that the first scientific approach 'The Seven Countries Study' appeared. Epidemiological and anthropological studies of the MD converged, first by investigating at single nutrients or foods, then by adopting the more holistic approach of dietary patterns (DP), and now with a molecular approach. These studies resulted in convincing evidence that a MD decreases the risk of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality and incidence. A risk reduction of developing type 2 diabetes is probable. Evidence is less stringent for other metabolic diseases and all cancers but from possible to probable for some cancer sites. Although DP showed that the MD has to be considered in its totality, olive oil could have a specific role. Lifestyle factors such as physical activity for energy balance, outdoor life for vitamin D synthesis and conviviality are also probably partly responsible for the health benefits. The MD is a lifestyle well suited for coping not only with personal health but also with wider societal concerns in relation to environment, public health and economy. FAU - Gerber, Mariette
Protective potential of Opuntia microdasys flower decoction on fructose-alloxan-induced diabetic rats on kidney and pancreas: chemical and immunohistochemical analyses.; Diabetes is a serious condition that is linked to the development of oxidative stress causing among many other effects, kidney failure and pancreatic disorders. However, traditional plant-based remedies can be considered an alternative to diabetes healing. In this context, this study was oriented towards evaluating the protective effect of the flowers of Opuntia microdasys Lehm. collected in Tunisia at a biochemical and histological level on kidneys and pancreas of a type 2 diabetic rats. Renal and pancreatic toxicities were induced in diabetic male Wistar rats by fructose alloxan. Diabetic rats were treated with an extract obtained from flowers collected at post-flowering stage (OFP) (100 and 200 mg kg(-1) bw) and metformin (100 mg kg(-1) bw) for 28 days. Oral administration of OFP at 200 mg kg(-1) bw showed significant reduction of the uric acid, urea, creatinine, amylase, lipase, and glycated hemoglobin (HbAl(c)). The levels of SOD, CAT, and GP(x) were increased, while protein carbonyls and lipid peroxidation TBARS levels were reduced in the kidney and pancreas. The altered kidney and pancreas histology were restored in rats treated with OFP. Thus, the present study demonstrated that OFP has antihyperglycemic activity in fructose-alloxan-induced diabetic rats. FAU - Chahdoura, Hassiba
Artemisia dracunculus L. polyphenols complexed to soy protein show enhanced bioavailability and hypoglycemic activity in C57BL/6 mice.; OBJECTIVE: Scientifically validated food-based interventions are a practical means of addressing the epidemic of metabolic syndrome. An ethanolic extract of Artemisia dracunculus L. (PMI-5011) containing bioactive polyphenols, such as 2', 4'-dihydroxy-4-methoxydihydrochalcone (DMC-2), improved insulin resistance in vitro and in vivo. Plant polyphenols are concentrated and stabilized when complexed to protein-rich matrices, such as soy protein isolate (SPI), which act as effective food-based delivery vehicles. The aim of this study was to compare the bioaccessibility, bioavailability, and efficacy of polyphenols extracted from A. dracunculus and delivered as PMI-5011 (ethanolic extract alone), formulated with the non-food excipient Gelucire(®), (5011- Gelucire), or sorbed to SPI (5011-Nutrasorb(®)). METHODS: PMI-5011, 5011-Gelucire or 5011-Nutrasorb each containing 162 μg of DMC-2 was delivered to the TNO intestinal model-1 of the human upper gastrointestinal tract to compare the effect of delivery vehicle on DMC-2 bioaccessibility. C57BL6/J mice were orally administered 5011-Nutrasorb or PMI-5011 to compare effects of polyphenol-protein complexation on acute hypoglycemic activity and bioavailability of DMC-2 in serum. RESULTS: At 500 mg/kg, 5011-Nutrasorb and PMI-5011 had similar hypoglycemic activity in a high-fat diet-induced diabetes mouse model despite the fact that 5011-Nutrasorb delivered 15 times less DMC-2 (40 versus 600 μg/kg). This can be partially explained by eight times greater DMC-2 absorption into serum from 5011-Nutrasorb than from PMI-5011. TNO intestinal model-1 experiments confirmed higher total bioaccessibility of DMC-2 in vitro when delivered in 5011-Nutrasorb (50.2%) or Gelucire-5011 (44.4%) compared with PMI-5011 (27.1%; P = 0.08). CONCLUSION: Complexation with soy protein makes antidiabetic A. dracunculus polyphenols more bioavailable and bioaccessible.
Antidiabetic and hypolipidemic activities of hydroethanolic root extract of Uvaria chamae in streptozotocin induced diabetic albino rats.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder of multiple aetiology characterised by hyperglycemia resulting from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action or both. It is a global epidemic ravaging both developed and developing countries. The situation will worsen if nothing is done urgently. In fact, the need to identify natural products with antidiabetic potentials is of great importance as supported by several research efforts all over the world, in search of antidiabetic plant based products that are safe and efficacious. Available literatures show that several phytochemicals with antidiabetic properties have been identified in certain plants amongst which include Uvaria chamae. The potentials of Uvaria chamae as an antidiabetic and hypolipidemic drug-candidate are thus tested. METHODS: Diabetes mellitus was experimentally induced after the rats were fasted overnight by administering intraperitoneally, 60 mg/kg streptozotocin. After 72 h, the rats with plasma glucose levels >200 mg/dl were classified as diabetic. A total of six groups containing five rats per group were used. One group of diabetic rats was untreated. Three diabetic groups, each were treated orally with 100, 250 and 400 mg/kg body weight of the extract. Another diabetic group was treated with insulin (0.5 IU/kg) subcutaneously. The control received 0.5 ml (2% solution) of acacia orally. The treatment was for 8 days. The effects of the extract on weight, plasma glucose and other biochemical parameters were evaluated using standard procedures. RESULTS: The diabetic rats treated with the extract showed significant reductions (p < 0.05) in weight, plasma glucose levels, low density lipoprotein and cholesterol compared with the control. The 100, 250 and 400 mg/kg body weight of the extract showed maximum glucose reduction of 85.16, 81.50 and 86.02% respectively. Histologically the pancreas of the diabetic rats treated with the extract, showed clusters of variably sized regenerated islet of Langerhans within sheets of normal exocrine pancreas, while the pancreas of diabetic rats treated with insulin showed no islet of Langerhans. CONCLUSION: The study showed that Uvaria chamae caused weight loss and has good hypoglycemic and hypolipidemic activities that may reduce the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Emordi, Jonathan Emeka
Effect of polyphenolic compounds from Solanum torvum on plasma lipid peroxidation, superoxide anion and cytochrome P450 2E1 in human liver microsomes.; Previous studies presented evidence that plants contain antioxidants that have free radical-scavenging properties. Overproduction of free radicals leads to oxidative stress, a factor associated with a variety of diseases, such as diabetes. Cytochrome P450 2E1 enzymes (CYP2E1) are involved in drug metabolism in the liver and metabolism of DNA-reaction generating intra-mitochondrial ROS, which leads to micro- and macro-vascular pathology in diabetes. Plant-based chemicals can affect CYP2E1 enzymes and related defense mechanisms, possibly leading to protection against oxidative stress. We investigated the effect of Solanum torvum (ST) extracts on the inhibition of CYP2E1 activity in human liver microsomes. ST extract was analyzed for antioxidant activity by the ABTS method. Polyphenolic compounds were measured by the total phenol content using the Folin-Ciocalteau reagent. Flavonoid and tannin content were analyzed by standard methods. Oxidative stress was evaluated by measuring lipid peroxidation by TBARS and superoxide anion scavenging levels in plasma from diabetic patients. Results showed that 10 mg/ml of ST had CYP2E1 catalytic inhibiting activity (57.16 %). The IC50 value of CYP2E1 catalytic inhibiting activity level was 5.14 mg/ml by concentration in a dependent manner. One gram of concentrated ST extract had an antioxidant activity index of 3.68 mg of trolox and 360.53 mg of ascorbic acid equivalent. Effects on free radical-scavenging, as measured by TBARS and superoxide anion, showed IC50 values of 20.60 and 10.26 microg/ml, respectively. Polyphenolic compounds found included phenol, flavonoid and tannin, measuring 160.30, 104.36 and 65.91 mg/g, respectively. These results imply that ST is a natural source of polyphenolic antioxidants, which have cytochrome P450 2E1 enzyme inhibiting and free radical scavenging properties, as related to lipid peroxidation and superoxide anion activity. ST could potentially be used for reducing oxidative stress in diabetes. Study for usage as a conventional medicine, including dosage and chronic toxicity in humans, should be pursued. FAU - Kusirisin, Winthana
Dietary Practice among the Patients with End Stage Renal Disease undergoing Maintenance Haemodialysis.; INTRODUCTION: Several studies on the nutritional status of chronic kidney disease patients living on haemodialysis revealed high prevalence of malnutrition (18-94%). A hospital-based study in Nepal revealed 66.7% mild to moderately malnourished and National Kidney Center reported common protein-energy malnutrition problem among haemodialysis patients. As almost all patients undergoing maintenance haemodialysis looked malnourished, this study was carried out to explore prevailing dietary knowledge and practice of the patients. METHODS: A descriptive cross-sectional survey of 471 patients undergoing haemodialysis from June 2015 to July in 2015 was carried out. After stratification through a systematic random sampling method, 40 (67%) patients from National Kidney Center and 20 (33%) from Bir Hospital were selected, interviewed face to face by using structured questionnaire. Ethical and institutional approval and patients' consent were obtained. RESULTS: The level of knowledge score found to be medium and practice score was even low. Seventy percent knew about renal diet but only 36 (60%) believed in it. After having kidney disease 42 (70%) had changed their dietary practice. Surprisingly, 38 (63.3%) said they ate the food what the other member in their family ate. CONCLUSIONS: Considerable limited knowledge (medium) and practices (low) scores were found. Had they have taken adequate dietician's support, they might have taken right kind and right amounts of foods and benefitted in controlling potassium, phosphate and protein at the recommended level. Plant-based diet could assist in end stage renal disease in a number of ways: an edge of protection against diet cost, reduce inter-related co-morbidities or complications (hypertension and diabetes). FAU - Dulal, Sangita Lamichhane
Common feeding problems in babies and children: 2.; Weaning is the cause of much concern among first-time mothers. A milk-only diet is advised until 3-4 months of age. Health professionals should ensure the baby receives a sufficient and balanced diet during the weaning period, to meet the needs for energy and growth. Breast milk or infant formula should continue up to the age of at least one year. The weaning period is a good time to educate parents in good nutrition. A wide variety of foods should be the aim in child nutrition, but each different type needs to be started separately during weaning. Care is needed to ensure vegetarian babies receive enough proteins, vitamins and minerals (especially iron). Failure to thrive has a multitude of causes, and treatment must be that of the cause. Strictly vegan children who eat no dairy products will need added synthetic vitamin B12. Failure to thrive may be due to physical problems (eg choanal atresia), infection, vomiting, diarrhoea, anorexia, parental ignorance or poverty. Other causes include coeliac disease, cow's milk protein allergy, cystic fibrosis, severe eczema or asthma, or diabetes. FAU - Gilbert, P
The role of traditional mediterranean type of diet and lifestyle, in the development of acute coronary syndromes: preliminary results from CARDIO 2000 study.; The traditional Mediterranean type of diet is inversely associated with the risk of developing coronary heart disease. Aim of this study is to investigate the relationships between Mediterranean type of diet, various lifestyle factors and their contribution to the risk of developing acute coronary syndromes. During 2000, a case-control study was conducted (CARDIO2000) and food items as well as olive oil consumption were recorded in addition to various cardiovascular risk factors. Based on the estimated risk model we found that the Mediterranean type of diet reduces significantly the risk of developing acute coronary syndromes even in the presence of unfavorable lifestyle situations, such as sedentary life, smoking habit, as well as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and diabetes mellitus. FAU - Panagiotakos, D B
Improving dietary quality in youth with type 1 diabetes: randomized clinical trial of a family-based behavioral intervention.; BACKGROUND: Diets of children with type 1 diabetes are low in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, and high in foods of minimal nutritional value, increasing risk for future adverse health outcomes. This 18-month randomized clinical trial tested the effect of a family-based behavioral intervention integrating motivational interviewing, active learning, and applied problem-solving on the primary outcomes of dietary intake and glycemic control among youth with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: A parallel-group study with equal randomization was conducted at an outpatient, free-standing, multidisciplinary tertiary diabetes center in the United States. Eligible youth were those age 8-16 years with type 1 diabetes diagnosis ≥1 year and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) ≥6.5% and ≤10.0%. Participants were 136 parent-youth dyads (treatment n = 66, control n = 70). The intervention consisted of 9 in-clinic sessions delivered to the child and parent; control condition comprised equivalent assessments and number of contacts without dietary advice. Dietary intake was assessed using 3-day diet records at 6 time points across the 18-month study. Dietary outcomes included the Healthy Eating Index-2005 (HEI2005; index measuring conformance to the 2005 United States Dietary Guidelines for Americans) and Whole Plant Food Density (WPFD; number of cup or ounce equivalents per 1000 kcal of whole grains, whole fruit, vegetables, legumes, nuts, and seeds consumed). HbA1c was obtained every 3 months. Overall comparison of outcome variables between intervention and usual care groups was conducted using permutation tests. RESULTS: There was a positive intervention effect across the study duration for HEI2005 (p = .015) and WPFD (p = .004). At 18 months, HEI2005 was 7.2 greater (mean ± SE 64.6 ± 2.0 versus 57.4 ± 1.6), and WPFD was 0.5 greater (2.2 ± 0.1 versus 1.7 ± 0.1) in the intervention group versus control. There was no difference between groups in HbA1c across the study duration. CONCLUSIONS: This behavioral nutrition intervention improved dietary quality among youth with type 1 diabetes, but did not impact glycemic control. Findings indicate the potential utility of incorporating such strategies into clinical care, and suggest that improvement in diet quality can be achieved in families living with this burdensome disease. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov registration number: NCT00999375. FAU - Nansel, Tonja R
The young athlete with chronic disease.; Iron deficiency anemia can affect athletic performance. Physicians must be wary of the at risk population, namely vegetarians, female adolescents, and long distance athletes. Particular attention must be paid to nutritional intake and to the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents and aspirin. FAU - Small, E
Vitamin D deficiency in mothers, neonates and children.; Vitamin D is produced in response to the exposure of skin to sunlight through UV-B synthesis. It can also be obtained from diet and dietary supplements. Vitamin D is essential for strong bones as it helps to absorb calcium from diet. Vitamin D deficiency mainly occurs if strict vegetarian diet is followed as mostly the source of vitamin D is animal based; therefore, exposure to sunlight is restricted or having dark skin color. Low vitamin D levels results in increased possibility of gestational diabetes among pregnant women, low birth weight and pre-eclampsia in infants, and mothers may suffer bone impairment, osteoporosis, hypocalcaemia, and hypertension. Vitamin D deficiency is directly linked with severe complication in mothers and neonates, causing rickets, poor fetal growth and infantile eczema in neonates. Higher prevalence rate of vitamin D deficiency has led professionals to emphasize on development of relevant precautionary measures.
Beyond Sodium, Phosphate and Potassium: Potential Dietary Interventions in Kidney Disease.; People with kidney disease are advised to restrict individual nutrients, such as sodium, potassium, and phosphate, in line with current best practice guidelines. However, there is limited evidence to support the efficacy of single nutrient strategies, and compliance remains a challenge for clinicians to overcome. Many factors contribute to poor compliance with dietary prescriptions, including conflicting priorities for single nutrient restriction, the arduous self-monitoring required, and the health-related knock-on effects resulting from targeting these nutrients in isolation. This paper reviews the evidence base for the overall pattern of eating as a potential tool to deliver a diet intervention in which all the nutrients and foods work cumulatively and synergistically to improve clinical outcomes. These interventions may assist in kidney disease management and overcome these innate challenges that single nutrient interventions possess. Healthy dietary patterns are typically plant-based and lower in sodium and animal proteins. These patterns may have numerous mechanistic benefits for cardiovascular health in kidney disease, most notably through the increase in fruit, vegetables, and plant-based protein, as well as improved gut health through the increase in dietary fiber. The evidence to date on optimal dietary patterns points toward use of a predominantly plant-based diet, and suggests its adoption may improve clinical outcomes in dialysis patients. However, clinical trials are needed to determine whether these diet interventions are feasible, safe, and effective in this patient population.
Vegetarian diet-induced increase in linoleic acid in serum phospholipids is associated with improved insulin sensitivity in subjects with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Fatty acids are important cellular constituents that may affect many metabolic processes relevant for the development of diabetes and its complications. We showed previously that vegetarian diet leads to greater increase in metabolic clearance rate of glucose (MCR) than conventional hypocaloric diet. The aim of this secondary analysis was to explore the role of changes in fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids in diet- and exercise-induced changes in MCR in subjects with type 2 diabetes (T2D). METHODS: Subjects with T2D (n=74) were randomly assigned into a vegetarian group (VG, n=37) following vegetarian diet or a control group (CG, n=37) following a conventional diet. Both diets were calorie restricted (-500 kcal day(-1)). Participants were examined at baseline, 12 weeks of diet intervention and 24 weeks (subsequent 12 weeks of diet were combined with aerobic exercise). The fatty acid composition of serum phospholipids was measured by gas liquid chromatography. MCR was measured by hyperinsulinemic isoglycemic clamp. Visceral fat (VF) was measured by magnetic resonance imaging. RESULTS: Linoleic acid (LA; 18:2n6) increased in VG (P=0.04), whereas it decreased in CG (P=0.04) in response to dietary interventions. It did not change significantly after the addition of exercise in either group (group × time P<0.001). In VG, changes in 18:2n6 correlated positively with changes in MCR (r=+0.22; P=0.04) and negatively with changes in VF (r=-0.43; P=0.01). After adjustment for changes in body mass index, the association between 18:2n6 and MCR was no longer significant. The addition of exercise resulted in greater changes of phospholipid fatty acids composition in VG than in CG. CONCLUSION: We demonstrated that the insulin-sensitizing effect of a vegetarian diet might be related to the increased proportion of LA in serum phospholipids. FAU - Kahleova, H
Ancient Thali Diet: Gut Microbiota, Immunity, and Health.; Diet provides macronutrients (carbohydrates, proteins, and fats), micronutrients (vitamins and minerals), and phytochemicals (non-nutrient bioactive compounds). Emerging evidence suggests that above dietary components can directly impact the composition and metabolic activity of the mammalian gut microbiota and in turn, affect both physical and mental health. There is a growing recognition that rise in chronic disease burden in Western countries may due to progressive loss of beneficial bacteria and microbial diversity. This perspective explores the possibility of using Indian thali, an ancient approach to diet that provides both fiber and different phytochemicals by incorporating a variety of plant foods in different colors. This variety helps to restore diversity in the gut bacteria and may potentially prevent or reverse chronic disease, such as colon cancer or type 2 diabetes. FAU - Shondelmyer, Kaitlyn
Lifestyle modification interventions differing in intensity and dietary stringency improve insulin resistance through changes in lipoprotein profiles.; OBJECTIVE: Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance (IR) is an important risk factor for type-2 diabetes and coronary artery disease (CAD). The aim of this study was to determine if clinical lifestyle interventions differing in scope and intensity improve IR, defined by the lipoprotein IR (LPIR) score, in individuals differing in the severity of metabolic dysfunction. METHODS: Subjects with diagnosed type-2 diabetes, CAD or significant risk factors participated in one of two clinical lifestyle modification interventions: (i) intensive non-randomized programme with a strict vegetarian diet (n = 90 participants, 90 matched controls) or (ii) moderate randomized trial following a Mediterranean-style diet (n = 89 subjects, 58 controls). On-treatment and intention-to-treat analyses assessed changes over 1 year in LPIR, lipoprotein profiles and metabolic risk factors in intervention participants and controls in both programmes. RESULTS: In the on-treatment analysis, both interventions led to weight loss: [-8.9% (95% CI, -10.3 to -7.4), intensive programme; -2.8% (95% CI, -3.8 to -1.9), moderate programme; adjusted P < 0.001] and a decrease in the LPIR score [-13.3% (95% CI, -18.2 to -8.3), intensive; -8.8% (95% CI, -12.9 to -4.7), moderate; adjusted P < 0.01] compared with respective controls. Of the six lipoprotein parameters comprising LPIR, only large very-low-density lipoprotein particle concentrations decreased significantly in participants compared with controls in both programmes [-26.3% (95% CI, -43.0 to -9.6), intensive; -14.2% (95% CI, -27.4 to -1.0), moderate; P < 0.05]. Intention-to-treat analysis confirmed and strengthened the primary results. CONCLUSION: A stringent lifestyle modification intervention with a vegetarian diet and a moderate lifestyle modification intervention following a Mediterranean diet were both effective for improving IR defined by the LPIR score. FAU - Ellsworth, D L
UPLC-Q/TOF-MS-Based Serum Metabolomics Reveals Hypoglycemic Effects of Rehmannia glutinosa, Coptis chinensis and Their Combination on High-Fat-Diet-Induced Diabetes in KK-Ay Mice. LID - 10.3390/ijms19123984 [doi] LID - 3984; Diabetes is a worldwide severe health issue which causes various complications. This study aimed to evaluate the hypoglycemic effects of Rehmannia glutinosa (RG), Coptis chinensis (CC) alone and their combination on high-fat-diet-induced diabetes in mice via biochemical assays and UPLC-Q/TOF-MS-based serum metabolomic analysis. Diabetic KK-Ay mice were induced by high-fat diet and treated for eight weeks, separately with RG, CC and their combination and the positive control drug metformin. Administration of RG and CC alone, and their combination could decrease the fasting blood glucose level, ameliorate the tolerance of glucose, and recover the levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in sera of diabetic mice. Orthogonal partial least squares discriminant analysis (OPLS-DA) on serum metabolomes revealed that 79 ESI⁺ and 76 ESI(-) metabolites were changed by diabetes mellitus (DM) compared to the normal control. Heatmaps on these diabetes-related metabolites showed that CC and RG/CC were clustered closer with the normal control, indicating that they had the better antidiabetic effects at the metabolite level. Fifteen of the differential metabolites in DM serum were annotated and their related metabolic pathways were lipid metabolism. These data suggested that RG and CC alone and in combination treatment had the antidiabetic activity in lowering glycemia and improving lipid metabolism. UPLC-Q/TOF-MS-based metabolomics shed light on the differential metabolite effects of RG and CC in DM treatment. However, it should be noted that some differential metabolites were possibly generated or not detected due to our groupwise run order, which possibly contributed to or covered the group difference in our experiment. They need to be further discriminated in the future work. FAU - Qin, Zhenxian
Omega 3 and omega 6 fatty acids in human and animal health: an African perspective.; Lipids are essential for plant and animal development, growth and nutrition and play critical roles in health and reproduction. The dramatic increase in the human population has put increasing pressure on human food sources, especially of those sources of food which contain adequate levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) and more importantly, sources of food which have favorable ratios of the n-3 (18-carbon, α-linolenic acid, ALA) to n-6 (18-carbon linoleic acid, LA) PUFAs. Recent studies have demonstrated the beneficial effects of the n-3 PUFAs in diets as well as potentially negative effects of excessive levels of n-6 PUFAs in diets. This review discusses these human health issues relating to changes in diets based on environmental and industrial changes as well as strategies in East Africa for improving lipid composition of food using indigenous sources.
Effect of interaction between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase 677C-->T mutation on homocysteine concentrations in healthy adults: the ATTICA Study.; BACKGROUND: Dietary and genetic factors may influence the effect of raised homocysteine concentrations on coronary artery disease risk. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the effect of the interaction between adoption of a Mediterranean diet and the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene (MTHFR) 677C-->T mutation on homocysteine concentrations in healthy adults participating in the ATTICA study. DESIGN: We studied demographic, lifestyle, clinical, biochemical, and genetic information from 322 men (x +/- SD age: 46 +/- 13 y) and 252 women (45 +/- 14 y) who had no clinical evidence of cardiovascular or any other chronic disease. We also measured total plasma homocysteine concentrations, the distribution of the MTHFR genotype, and adherence to a Mediterranean diet. RESULTS: The distribution of MTHFR genotypes was as follows: homozygous normal (CC), 41%; heterozygous (CT), 48%; and homozygous mutant (TT), 11%. Homocysteine concentrations were higher in persons with the TT genotype than in those with the CC and CT genotypes (x +/- SD: 15.8 +/- 9 compared with 11.3 +/- 8 and 10.8 +/- 9 micromol/L, respectively; P < 0.001). The Mediterranean diet score was not significantly associated with homocysteine concentrations (P = 0.89). However, after control for potential confounders, the stratified analysis showed that adherence to a Mediterranean diet was associated with reduced homocysteine concentrations in persons with the TT and CT genotypes (beta = -0.21, P = 0.002, and beta = -0.14, P = 0.025, respectively) but not in those with the CC genotype (beta = -0.03, P = 0.38). CONCLUSION: The observed association of an MTHFR 677C-->T gene-diet interaction on homocysteine concentrations may provide a pathophysiologic explanation for how a Mediterranean diet may influence coronary risk in persons with raised homocysteine concentrations. FAU - Dedoussis, George V
Insulin-like plant proteins as potential innovative drugs to treat diabetes-The Moringa oleifera case study.; Various plant species have long been used in traditional medicine worldwide to treat diabetes. Among the plant-based compounds with hypoglycemic properties, studies on insulin-like proteins isolated from leaves, fruits and seeds are rarely reported in the relevant literature. Our research group has been investigating the presence of insulin-like proteins in Moringa oleifera, a plant species native to India, and we have obtained a leaf protein isolate and semi-purified derived fractions, as well as a seed coat protein fraction (Mo-SC), with hypoglycemic activity in chemically induced diabetic mice that have increased tolerance to orally administered glucose. Equally importantly, Mo-SC possesses insulin-like antigenic epitopes. In this context, the present review aims to highlight that prospection of insulin-like proteins in plants is of the utmost importance both for finding new drugs for the treatment of diabetes and for shedding light on the mechanisms involved in diabetes.
Quantitative and qualitative alterations of intestinal mucins in BioBreeding rats.; In diabetes-prone BioBreeding rats, an enteropathy often precedes the onset of auto-immune insulitis. The present study draws attention to quantitative and qualitative alterations of intestinal mucins in this animal model of type 1 diabetes mellitus. Male and female diabetes-resistant (BBc) and diabetes-prone (BBdp) BioBreeding rats fed, from one to two weeks after weaning onwards, either a plant-based diabetes-promoting diet (NTP) or a hydrolysed casein diabetes-protective diet (HC), were sacrificed at 11-14 weeks of age. Proteins and total mucins, as well as acid and neutral mucins, were measured in a segment of the intestinal tract, located 25-30 cm below the pylorus. No significant difference between BBc and BBdp rats was found when fed the HC diet. However, the NTP diet lowered both total and neutral mucins, whilst failing to affect significantly acidic mucins. The effects of the NTP diet were more pronounced in BBdp rats than in BBc rats. It is speculated that the quantitative and qualitative changes evoked by the NTP diet in BBdp rats may play a role in the alteration of gut permeability found under the same experimental conditions. FAU - Courtois, Philippe
Evaluation of the properties of Gongronema latifolium in phospholipon 90H based solid lipid microparticles (SLMs): an antidiabetic study.; CONTEXT: Gongronema latifolium Benth Hook, (Asclepiadaceae) is a tropical rainforest plant primarily used in traditional folk medicine in the treatment of malaria, diabetes, hypertension, and as laxative. OBJECTIVE: To study the antidiabetic properties of Gongronema latifolium-loaded solid lipid microparticles (SLMs). MATERIALS AND METHODS: The methanolic extract of Gongronema latifolium leaves were obtained and formulated into SLMs using lipid matrix comprising of fat from Capra hircus and Phospholipon® 90H. The SLMs were characterized in vitro by determining the particle size and morphology, pH stability studies, and encapsulation efficiency EE%. Also, the antidiabetic properties of the Gongronema latifolium-loaded SLMs were studied in alloxan-induced diabetic rats. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The results show that the particle size of G. latifolium-loaded SLMs was within an acceptable range for SLMs. Highest EE% of 68% was obtained for SLMs containing 5% G. latifolium (batch F3). The formulations remained stable with insignificant pH reduction over time (p < 0.05). Gongronema latifolium-loaded SLMs had mean percentage reduction in blood glucose of 76% at 2 h, 42.3% at 8 h, and 24.4% at 12 h, while the group that received the reference-glibenclamide had 82.6, 61.7, and 46.7% at 2, 8, and 12 h, respectively, after oral administration of all samples. Gongronema latifolium-loaded SLMs had blood glucose reduction significantly higher than the pure extract and the glibenclamide (p < 0.05) at the concentrations used. CONCLUSIONS: Gongronema latifolium-loaded SLMs exhibited a good hypoglycemic effect and could be used for the treatment of diabetes. FAU - Chime, Salome Amarachi
A randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of high Protein Complete (lActo) VEgetaRian (PACER) diet in non-diabetic obese Asian Indians in North India.; In view of the increasing prevalence of obesity in largely vegetarian Asian Indians, it is important to research a high protein, low carbohydrate vegetarian diet. The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of a "High Protein Complete (lacto) VEgetaRian Diet (Acronym; 'PACER diet'), on weight, body composition and metabolic profiles in non-diabetic obese Asian Indians living in north India. In this 8-week randomized control trial, 102 vegetarian subjects with body mass index (BMI) >25 kg/m(2) were randomized to either a test diet (PACER diet; high protein, high fat and moderately low carbohydrate, lacto-vegetarian diet) or control diet (standard vegetarian diet formulated as the dietary guidelines for Asian Indians) after 4 weeks of diet and exercise run-in period. A standard exercise protocol was followed for both groups. Body weight, BMI, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), fasting serum insulin and lipid profile were assessed before and after the intervention. There was significant weight loss along with improvements in cardio-metabolic risk factors among both the groups post intervention. Percent reductions in the intervention group for weight (6.1± 2.9; p < 0.001), WC (3.9 ± 1.7; p < 0.001), FPG (5.9 ± 3.2; p < 0.001), total cholesterol (10.2 ± 6.3: p < 0.001), serum triacylglycerol (13.6 ± 10.6; p < 0.001) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (11.9 ± 7.1; p < 0.001]) were significantly greater than the control diet group. In summary, intervention with a PACER diet (high protein, high fat and moderately low carbohydrate, lacto-vegetarian diet) showed significant improvement in weight loss, body composition and cardio-metabolic profile as compared to a standard vegetarian diet among obese Asian Indians in north India. FAU - Bhardwaj, Swati
Perilla Oil Supplementation Improves Hypertriglyceridemia and Gut Dysbiosis in Diabetic KKAy Mice.; SCOPE: The aim of this study is to examine whether perilla oil supplementation improves glucolipid metabolism and modulates gut microbiota in diabetic KKAy mice. METHODS AND RESULTS: The successfully established diabetic KKAy mice are randomized into four groups: diabetic model (DM), low-dose perilla oil (LPO), middle-dose perilla oil (MPO), and high-dose perilla oil (HPO). C57BL/6J mice are fed a chow diet as normal control (NC). At the end of 12 weeks, mice are euthanized and glucolipid indications are analyzed. Gut microbiota analysis is carried out based on the sequencing results on V4 region of 16S rRNA. Although serum glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, abundance-based coverage estimator, and shannon are unchanged, serum triglyceride significantly decreases in LPO compared with DM. The histopathological changes of hepatocellular macrovesicular steatosis and adipocyte hypertrophy are ameliorated by perilla oil supplementation. Blautia is significantly decreased in LPO, MPO, and HPO, compared with DM. Nonmetric multidimensional scaling analysis shows NC and LPO are relatively coherent. CONCLUSION: These findings indicate that dietary supplementation with perilla oil can improve hypertriglyceridemia and gut dysbiosis in diabetic KKAy mice, which can be associated with potential benefits to human health.
Primary prevention of acute coronary events through the adoption of a Mediterranean-style diet.; We evaluated the role of a Mediterranean-style diet in preventing acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Data from CARDIO2000, a multi-centre retrospective case-control study investigating the association between ACS and demographic, nutritional, lifestyle and medical risk factors were used. We studied 661 patients hospitalized for a first ACS event and 661 matched controls without clinical suspicion of cardiovascular disease. The Mediterranean diet significantly reduced (by 16%) the risk of developing ACS. The association remained significant in the presence of hypertension, hypercholesterolaemia, sedentary lifestyle, diabetes mellitus or a combination of two of these cardiovascular risk factors. Our findings illustrate the importance of the Mediterranean diet in the primary prevention of acute coronary events. FAU - Panagiotakos, D B
Traditional medicine practices among community members with diabetes mellitus in Northern Tanzania: an ethnomedical survey.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is a growing burden in sub-Saharan Africa where traditional medicines (TMs) remain a primary form of healthcare in many settings. In Tanzania, TMs are frequently used to treat non-communicable diseases, yet little is known about TM practices for non-communicable diseases like diabetes. METHODS: Between December 2013 and June 2014, we assessed TM practices, including types, frequencies, reasons, and modes, among randomly selected community members. To further characterize TMs relevant for the local treatment of diabetes, we also conducted focus groups and semi-structured interviews with key informants. RESULTS: We enrolled 481 adults of whom 45 (9.4 %) had diabetes. The prevalence of TM use among individuals with diabetes was 77.1 % (95 % CI 58.5-89.0 %), and the prevalence of using TMs and biomedicines concurrently was 37.6 % (95 % CI 20.5-58.4 %). Many were using TMs specifically to treat diabetes (40.3 %; 95 % CI 20.5-63.9), and individuals with diabetes reported seeking healthcare from traditional healers, elders, family, friends, and herbal vendors. We identified several plant-based TMs used toward diabetes care: Moringa oleifera, Cymbopogon citrullus, Hagenia abyssinica, Aloe vera, Clausena anisata, Cajanus cajan, Artimisia afra, and Persea americana. CONCLUSIONS: TMs were commonly used for diabetes care in northern Tanzania. Individuals with diabetes sought healthcare advice from many sources, and several individuals used TMs and biomedicines together. The TMs commonly used by individuals with diabetes in northern Tanzania have a wide range of effects, and understanding them will more effectively shape biomedical practitices and public health policies that are patient-centered and sensitive to TM preferences. FAU - Lunyera, Joseph
Fat-soluble micronutrients and metabolic syndrome.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases. MetS prevalence has been associated with diet inadequacy. Conversely, the cumulative incidence of MetS has been inversely associated with a Mediterranean-style diet that includes many different health-beneficial nutrients. Adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet could reduce or at least stabilize metabolic risk factors. RECENT FINDINGS: Low serum level of fat-soluble micronutrients, such as carotenoids, vitamin (vit) A, D and E, has been linked to MetS. Fat-soluble micronutrients could contribute to prevent MetS thanks to their antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties (vit E, carotenoids) or to their central role as hormone regulators (vit D) and/or lipid metabolism and glucose homeostasis sensors (vit D and E). SUMMARY: This review summarizes recent epidemiological studies linking fat-soluble micronutrients to MetS and highlights new evidence on their mechanisms of actions. FAU - Goncalves, Aurélie
Factors Associated with Alzheimer's Disease: An Overview of Reviews.; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a frequent pathology, with a poor prognosis, for which no curative treatment is available in 2018. AD prevention is an important issue, and is an important research topic. In this manuscript, we have synthesized the literature reviews and meta-analyses relating to modifiable risk factors associated with AD. Smoking, diabetes, high blood pressure, obesity, hypercholesterolemia, physical inactivity, depression, head trauma, heart failure, bleeding and ischemic strokes, sleep apnea syndrome appeared to be associated with an increased risk of AD. In addition to these well-known associations, we highlight here the existence of associated factors less described: hyperhomocysteinemia, hearing loss, essential tremor, occupational exposure to magnetic fields. On the contrary, some oral antidiabetic drugs, education and intellectual activity, a Mediterranean-type diet or using Healthy Diet Indicator, consumption of unsaturated fatty acids seemed to have a protective effect. Better knowledge of risk factors for AD allows for better identification of patients at risk. This may contribute to the emergence of prevention policies to delay or prevent the onset of AD. FAU - Rochoy, M
Metabolic syndrome, Mediterranean diet, and polyphenols: Evidence and perspectives.; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is defined as the co-occurrence of metabolic risk factors that includes insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and visceral obesity. The clinical significance of MetS consists of identifying a subgroup of patients sharing a common physiopathological state predisposing to chronic diseases. Clinical and scientific studies pinpoint lifestyle modification as an effective strategy aiming to reduce several features accountable for the risk of MetS onset. Among the healthy dietary patterns, the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) emerges in terms of beneficial properties associated with longevity. Current evidence highlights the protective effect exerted by MedDiet on the different components of MetS. Interestingly, the effect exerted by polyphenols contained within the representative MedDiet components (i.e., olive oil, red wine, and nuts) seems to be accountable for the beneficial properties associated to this dietary pattern. In this review, we aim to summarize the principal evidence regarding the effectiveness of MedDiet-polyphenols in preventing or delaying the physiopathological components accountable for MetS onset. These findings may provide useful insights concerning the health properties of MedDiet-polyphenols as well as the novel targets destined to a tailored approach to MetS.
Changes in emerging cardiac biomarkers after an intensive lifestyle intervention.; The present study evaluated the changes in emerging cardiac biomarkers, cognitive function, and social support measures after a comprehensive lifestyle intervention that included a low-fat, whole-foods, plant-based diet, exercise, stress management, and group support meetings. We conducted a prospective cohort study of 131 participants (59.2% women and 43.1% with diabetes mellitus), 56 with coronary heart disease (CHD) (37.5% women and 27.3% diabetes mellitus), and 75 at high risk with ≥3 CHD risk factors and/or diabetes mellitus (76% women and 54.7% diabetes mellitus). The measurements were taken at baseline and 3 months after the intervention. Improvement in all targeted health behaviors was seen in both high-risk and CHD groups (all p <0.001) at 3 months, with reductions in body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, waist/hip ratio, C-reactive protein, insulin, low-density lipoprotein, high-density and total cholesterol, apolipoproteins A1 and B (all p <0.009) were observed. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy analysis of lipoprotein subclass particle concentrations and diameters showed a reduction in large very-low-density lipoprotein particles, size of the very-low-density lipoprotein particles, total low-density lipoprotein particles; total, large, and small high-density lipoprotein particles (all p <0.009) and small very-low-density lipoprotein particles (p <0.02). Increases in fibrinogen (p <0.03) and B-type natriuretic peptide (p <0.001) were seen, and these changes correlated inversely with the changes in the body mass index. The observed increase in B-type natriuretic peptide can be explained by the metabolic changes related to adipose tissue lipolysis. The quality of life, cognitive functioning, and social support measures significantly improved. In conclusion, lifestyle changes can be followed by favorable changes in traditional and emerging coronary heart disease biomarkers, quality of life, social support, and cognitive function among those with, or at high risk, of CHD.
Food Diversity and Indigenous Food Systems to Combat Diet-Linked Chronic Diseases.; Improving food and nutritional diversity based on the diversity of traditional plant-based foods is an important dietary strategy to address the challenges of rapidly emerging diet- and lifestyle-linked noncommunicable chronic diseases (NCDs) of indigenous communities worldwide. Restoration of native ecosystems, revival of traditional food crop cultivation, and revival of traditional knowledge of food preparation, processing, and preservation are important steps to build dietary support strategies against an NCD epidemic of contemporary indigenous communities. Recent studies have indicated that many traditional plant-based foods of Native Americans provide a rich source of human health-relevant bioactive compounds with diverse health benefits. Based on this rationale of health benefits of traditional plant-based foods, the objective of this review is to present a state-of-the-art comprehensive framework for ecologically and culturally relevant sustainable strategies to restore and integrate the traditional plant food diversity of Native Americans to address the NCD challenges of indigenous and wider nonindigenous communities worldwide.
Mediterranean-style diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (ESTEEM): A pragmatic multicentre randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with metabolic risk factors are at high risk of complications. We aimed to assess whether a Mediterranean-style diet reduces adverse pregnancy outcomes in high-risk women. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a multicentre randomised trial in 5 maternity units (4 in London and 1 in Birmingham) between 12 September 2014 and 29 February 2016. We randomised inner-city pregnant women with metabolic risk factors (obesity, chronic hypertension, or hypertriglyceridaemia) to a Mediterranean-style diet with high intake of nuts, extra virgin olive oil, fruits, vegetables, nonrefined grains, and legumes; moderate to high consumption of fish; low to moderate intake of poultry and dairy products; low intake of red and processed meat; and avoidance of sugary drinks, fast food, and food rich in animal fat versus usual care. Participants received individualised dietary advice at 18, 20, and 28 weeks' gestation. The primary endpoints were composite maternal (gestational diabetes or preeclampsia) and composite offspring (stillbirth, small for gestational age, or admission to neonatal care unit) outcomes prioritised by a Delphi survey. We used an intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis with multivariable models and identified the stratification variables and prognostic factors a priori. We screened 7,950 and randomised 1,252 women. Baseline data were available for 593 women in the intervention (93.3% follow-up, 553/593) and 612 in the control (95.6% follow-up, 585/612) groups. Over a quarter of randomised women were primigravida (330/1,205; 27%), 60% (729/1,205) were of Black or Asian ethnicity, and 69% (836/1,205) were obese. Women in the intervention arm consumed more nuts (70.1% versus 22.9%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 6.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.3-10.6, p ≤ 0.001) and extra virgin olive oil (93.2% versus 49.0%; aOR 32.2, 95% CI 16.0-64.6, p ≤ 0.001) than controls; increased their intake of fish (p < 0.001), white meat (p < 0.001), and pulses (p = 0.05); and reduced their intake of red meat (p < 0.001), butter, margarine, and cream (p < 0.001). There was no significant reduction in the composite maternal (22.8% versus 28.6%; aOR 0.76, 95% CI 0.56-1.03, p = 0.08) or composite offspring (17.3% versus 20.9%; aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.58-1.08, p = 0.14) outcomes. There was an apparent reduction in the odds of gestational diabetes by 35% (aOR 0.65, 95% CI 0.47-0.91, p = 0.01) but not in other individual components of the composite outcomes. Mothers gained less gestational weight (mean 6.8 versus 8.3 kg; adjusted difference -1.2 Kg, 95% CI -2.2 to -0.2, p = 0.03) with intervention versus control. There was no difference in any of the other maternal and offspring complications between both groups. When we pooled findings from the Effect of Simple, Targeted Diet in Pregnant Women With Metabolic Risk Factors on Pregnancy Outcomes (ESTEEM) trial with similar trials using random effects meta-analysis, we observed a significant reduction in gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR] 0.67, 95% CI 0.53-0.84, I2 = 0%), with no heterogeneity (2 trials, 2,397 women). The study's limitations include the use of participant reported tools for adherence to the intervention instead of objective biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: A simple, individualised, Mediterranean-style diet in pregnancy did not reduce the overall risk of adverse maternal and offspring complications but has the potential to reduce gestational weight gain and the risk of gestational diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02218931. FAU - H Al Wattar, Bassel
Flexitarian Diets and Health: A Review of the Evidence-Based Literature.; A flexitarian or semi-vegetarian diet (SVD) is one that is primarily vegetarian with the occasional inclusion of meat or fish. Of late, there appears to be an increasing movement toward this practice. There has not been a recent update on these diets from a health perspective. Using the National Centre for Biotechnology Information PubMed database, a search was made for all studies published between 2000 and 2016 that met defined inclusion criteria. A total of 25 studies were located with 12 focusing on body weight and diet quality. There was emerging evidence suggestive of benefits for body weight, improved markers of metabolic health, blood pressure, and reduced risk of type 2 diabetes. SVD may also have a role to play in the treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases, such as Crohn's disease. Given that there is a higher tendency for females to be flexitarian yet males are more likely to overconsume meat, there is a clear need to communicate the potential health benefits of these diets to males. FAU - Derbyshire, Emma J
The glycemic index. A current controversy.; The nutrition community is divided over de rol of de Glycemic Index (GI) or Glycemic Load (GL) in the dietetic management of Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and in the prevention of chronic diseases as DM, Obesity, Insulin Resistance (IR), Cardiovascular diseases and Cancer. The concept of GI and GL of food and diet is defined. Methodological problem are analyzed: poor standardization, bad reproducibility and high variability. The factors that determines the food glycemic index and the causes of it variability are analyzed. Recent and qualified clinical and epidemiological evidences about the relation between the GI and GL of food and diet, on the management of DM, and prevention of Obesity, DM, RI, Cardiovascular disease and Cancer, are discussed. Is concluded that there are insufficient evidences of clinical efficacy in the use of this concept for the prevention of Obesity, IR, Cardiovascular diseases and Cancer. In relation to the treatment of DM, ADA states that the most important dietetic tool is the reduction of the total amount of carbohydrates, but accepts that the use of the GI could give additional benefits. Although de GI has the potential to be a valuable clinical tool. For now consumers should focus on eating a diet plant-based, with a variety of vegetables, fruits, whole grain and legumes. At the moment we must be caution in making dietary changes based solely in this concept. FAU - Arteaga Llona, A
Lectin staining shows no evidence of involvement of glycocalyx/mucous layer carbohydrate structures in development of celiac disease.; The presence of unique carbohydrate structures in the glycocalyx/mucous layer of the intestine may be involved in a susceptibility to celiac disease (CD) by serving as attachment sites for bacteria. This host-microbiota interaction may influence the development of CD and possibly other diseases with autoimmune components. We examined duodenal biopsies from a total of 30 children, of which 10 had both celiac disease (CD) and type 1 diabetes (T1D); 10 had CD alone; and 10 were suspected of having gastrointestinal disease, but had normal duodenal histology (non-CD controls). Patients with both CD and T1D were examined before and after remission following a gluten-free diet. We performed lectin histochemistry using peanut agglutinin (PNA) and Ulex europaeus agglutinin (UEA) staining for Gal-β(1,3)-GalNAc and Fucα1-2Gal-R, respectively, of the glycocalyx/mucous layer. The staining was scored based on dissemination of stained structures on a scale from 0 to 3. Evaluation of the scores revealed no difference between biopsies obtained before and after remission in the group of children with both CD and T1D. A comparison of this pre-remission group with the children who had CD alone or the non-CD controls also showed no significant differences. Based on our material, we found no indication that the presence of Gal-β(1,3)-GalNAc or Fucα1-2Gal-R is involved in the susceptibility to CD, or that the disease process affects the expression of these carbohydrates. FAU - Toft-Hansen, Henrik
The caffeoylquinic acid-rich Pandanus tectorius fruit extract increases insulin sensitivity and regulates hepatic glucose and lipid metabolism in diabetic db/db mice.; Caffeoylquinic acids (CQAs) are widely distributed in various foods. While some CQAs have been shown to possess antihyperglycemic activities, whether it is beneficial for diabetes patients to ingest CQA-rich foods has still to be known. In this work, the antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipidemic effects of CQA-rich Pandanus tectorius fruit extract (PTF) was investigated in diabetic db/db mice. Treatment with PTF (200 mg/kg) significantly decreased body weight and fasting glucose level, alleviated hyperinsulinism and hyperlipidemia and declined glucose area under the curve in oral glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test. The elevated levels of serum proinflammatory cytokines and islet hypertrophy in db/db mice were remarkably attenuated by PTF treatment. Biochemical analysis showed that administration of PTF significantly stimulated the phosphorylation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and Akt substract of 160 kDa (AS160), and enhanced the expression and translocation of glucose transporter type 4 (GLUT4) in skeletal muscles. It also increased the activity of hexokinase, decreased the expression of glucose 6-phosphatase and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and switched the transcription of several key lipid metabolic genes in the liver, which, in turn, improved hepatic glucose and lipid profiles as determined by nuclear magnetic resonance-based metabolomics. Overall, the CQA-rich PTF is beneficial for the treatment of diabetes. It may alleviate hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia via activation of AMPK-AS160-GLUT4 pathway in skeletal muscles and inhibition of gluconeogenesis and lipogenesis in the liver.
[Pharmacological and other options in preventing dementia: a literature review].; BACKGROUND: At present 34 million people live with Alzheimer's disease around the world. This figure is expected to triple in the next 40 years. The major cause of this increase is the well-known aging of the society in Europe and in the US as well. AIMS AND METHODS: In this paper we review the results of the last 10 years, and discuss those pharmaceutical and other methods, which can be effective in the prevention of dementias. RESULTS: The most important pharmaceutical agents are beta secretase inhibitors, and active and passive immunizations. Several drugs in these groups are in phase III at the moment. The results from studies with intranasal insulin are also encouraging. As a non-drug option Mediterranean diet can be effective. However at present cognitive trainings seem to be the most effective in the prevention of dementias. These remediation therapies are based on the lifelong plasticity of the human brain. CONCLUSIONS: In summary we can conclude that there are promising drug developments in progess for the prevention of dementias, but the breakthrough has not been achieved yet. At present the best option is decreasing risk factors, that is treatment of hypertension, prevention of obesity and diabetes, and cognitive trainings are recommended for prevention. FAU - Csukly, Gábor
A novel formula from mulberry leaf ameliorates diabetic nephropathy in rats via inhibiting the TGF-β1 pathway.; INTRODUCTION: Based on the hypoglycemia and hypolipidemia of mulberry leaf and its extracts, we investigated the effect of a novel formula, Sang Tong Jian (STJ), from mulberry leaf on rats with diabetic nephropathy (DN). METHODS: The DN rats were induced by a long-term high-fat diet and a single streptozotocin injection. STJ was introduced for 12 weeks from the presence of hyperglycemia. The fasting blood glucose of DN rats was determined at weeks 5, 7, 9, and 11 respectively. The serum GSP, GHb and lipid profiles were analyzed by using a colorimetric method and ELISA kits. The kidney function of DN rats was demonstrated through the analysis of urine creatinine, urine albumin, serum urea nitrogen, serum creatinine and the creatinine clearance rate. The H-E (haematoxylin and eosin) and PAS (Periodic Acid-Schiff) staining were adopted to exhibit the morphology of the kidney. The TGF-β1 and p-smad2/3, smad2/3, collagen IV, connexin 43 and E-cadherin were assayed via immunohistochemistry and western blot. RESULTS: STJ significantly decreased the fasting blood glucose (p < 0.01) and the glycation end product (p < 0.05), and regulated dyslipidemia. Inhibition of the thickening of the glomerular basement membrane and amelioration of the kidney function were shown in STJ-treated DN rats. Moreover, STJ decreased the levels of TGF-β1, collagen IV, connexin 43 and activation of smad2/3 (p < 0.01), and enhanced E-cadherin (p < 0.01) in the kidney of DN rats. CONCLUSION: 12 week administration of STJ improved the metabolic parameters associated with blood glucose and lipid and inhibited the TGF-β1 signaling pathway, which positively contributed to the amelioration of chronic diabetic kidney disease. FAU - Zhang, Qichun
Low-protein vegetarian diet with alpha-chetoanalogues prior to pre-emptive pancreas-kidney transplantation.; BACKGROUND: Pre-emptive pancreas-kidney transplantation is increasingly considered the best therapy for irreversible chronic kidney disease (CKD) in type 1 diabetics. However, the best approach in the wait for transplantation has not yet been defined. AIM: To evaluate our experience with a low-protein (0.6 g/kg/day) vegetarian diet supplemented with alpha-chetoanalogues in type 1 diabetic patients in the wait for pancreas-kidney transplantation. METHODS: Prospective study. Information on the progression of renal disease, compliance, metabolic control, reasons for choice and for drop-out were recorded prospectively; the data for the subset of patients who underwent the diet while awaiting a pancreas-kidney graft are analysed in this report. RESULTS: From November 1998 to April 2004, 9 type 1 diabetic patients, wait-listed or performing tests for wait-listing for pancreas-kidney transplantation, started the diet. All of them were followed by nephrologists and diabetologists, in the context of integrated care. There were 4 males and 5 females; median age 38 years (range 27.9-45.5); median diabetes duration 23.8 years (range 16.6-33.1), 8/9 with widespread organ damage; median creatinine at the start of the diet: 3.2 mg/dl (1.2-7.2); 4 patients followed the diet to transplantation, 2 are presently on the diet, 2 dropped out and started dialysis after a few months, 1 started dialysis (rescue treatment). The nutritional status remained stable, glycemia control improved in 4 patients in the short term and in 2 in the long term, no hyperkalemia, acidosis or other relevant side effect was recorded. Proteinuria decreased in 5 cases, in 3 from the nephrotic range. Albumin levels remained stable; the progression rate was a loss of 0.47 ml/min of creatinine clearance per month (ranging from an increase of 0.06 to a decrease of 2.4 ml/min) during the diet period (estimated by the Cockroft-Gault formula). CONCLUSIONS: Low-protein supplemented vegetarian diets may be a useful tool to slow CKD progression whilst awaiting pancreas-kidney transplantation. FAU - Piccoli, Giorgina B
Antidiabetic potential of the ethyl acetate extract of Physalis alkekengi and chemical constituents identified by HPLC-ESI-QTOF-MS.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: The edible plant Physalis alkekengi (PA) is used in traditional medicine to treat diabetes. However, the anti-diabetic effects and constituents of the fruit and aerial parts of this plant have not been studied extensively. AIM OF THE STUDY: The purpose of this study was to investigate the antidiabetic potential of Physalis alkekengi and identify its chemical constituents. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the present study, the in vitro glucose uptake capacity was tested using the 2-[N-(7-nitrobenz-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl)amino]-2-deoxy-d-glucose (2-NBDG) assay in HepG2 cells. Secondly, the anti-diabetes effects of the ethyl acetate extracts of the aerial parts/fruit (EAP/EAF) of P. alkekengi were evaluated in high-fat diet-fed and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats (seven groups, n = 7) daily at doses of 300 and 600 mg/kg for 28 days. Fasting blood glucose (FBG) was measured with a glucometer and the levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), glycated serum protein (GSP), and fasting insulin (FINS) were measured by ELISA. Furthermore, insulin sensitivity index (ISI) and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR) were calculated based on FBG and FINS. Changes in blood glucose concentration were assessed after an oral glucose challenge in diabetic rats treated with EAF and EAP extracts. In all assays, rosiglitazone, a current antidiabetic drug and insulin sensitizer, was also tested. Finally, the compounds in EAP were identified by HPLC-ESI-QTOF-MS analysis. RESULTS: EAP increased the uptake of 2-NBDG, a measure of direct glucose uptake, in HepG2 cells. Next, in diabetic rats treated with P. alkegenki extracts for 28 days, the levels of FBG, TC, TG and GSP and were lowered effectively, while FINS was increased significantly. EAP/EAF enhanced insulin sensitivity significantly as measured by ISI and HOMA-IR along with oral glucose tolerance test analysis. The EAP generally exerted the greatest effects. Lastly, a HPLC-ESI-Q-TOF-MS analysis identified 50 compounds, including 26 physalins, 10 flavonoids, and 9 phenolic acids, with 21 compounds found for the first time in P. alkekengi. CONCLUSIONS: The results support the merit of P. alkekengi as an antidiabetic herbal medicine or dietary supplement.
Effect of hydroalcoholic leaves extract of Indigofera spicata Forssk. on blood glucose level of normal, glucose loaded and diabetic rodents.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is found in all parts of the world and is rapidly increasing in its coverage with alarming rate especially in Asia and Africa. Research is increasingly done with the aim of developing a relatively safe and efficacious anti-diabetic plant based products. Parallelly, this investigation was carried out to evaluate the effect of the hydro alcoholic leaves crude extract of Indigofera spicata (ISP) on the blood glucose level(BGL) of normoglycemic, oral glucose loaded and alloxan induced diabetic rodents. METHODS: The animals were randomly divided into five groups (n = 6) for all the aforementioned three models. In all models, group-I mice provided 2%tween-80, group-II were treated with 5 mg/kg glibenclamide and the remaining three groups (III, IV & V) were treated with 100, 200, and 400 mg/kg dose of the extract respectively. Statistical significance of differences in BGLs within and between groups was analyzed by SPSS version-21 using one way ANOVA followed by Tukey's post hoc multiple comparison. RESULT: 200 mg/kg and 400 mg/kg extract treated groups of normoglycemic mice showed significant (p < 0.05) BGL reduction compared to the pre-exposure level. In case of OGTT model BGL reduction was statistically significant (p < 0.05) in only 400 mg/kg exposed groups at the 120 min of post-exposure compared to the initial level. However, the BGL reducing effect of doses of the extract at the 4(th), 6(th) and 10(th) hours of post treatment on diabetic mice was found statistically significant compared to both the negative control (p < 0.001) and their respective pretreatment levels (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: As it is claimed in ethnobotanical studies, the hydroalcoholic crude extract of ISP leaves have shown prominent anti-diabetic effect and can be therefore used as a good insight for new anti-diabetic drug source with a call for further studies. FAU - Birru, Eshetie Melese
A Green-Mediterranean Diet, Supplemented with Mankai Duckweed, Preserves Iron-Homeostasis in Humans and Is Efficient in Reversal of Anemia in Rats.; BACKGROUND: Decreased dietary meat may deplete iron stores, as plant-derived iron bioavailability is typically limited. OBJECTIVES: We explored the effect of a low-meat Mediterranean (green-MED) diet, supplemented with Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: rich in protein and iron) as a food source for humans, on iron status. We further examined the iron bioavailability of Mankai in rats. METHODS: Two hundred and ninety-four abdominally obese/dyslipidemic [mean age = 51.1 y; body mass index (kg/m2) = 31.3; 88% men] nonanemic participants were randomly assigned to physical activity (PA), PA + MED diet, or PA + green-MED diet. Both isocaloric MED groups consumed 28 g walnuts/d and the low-meat green-MED group further consumed green tea (800 mL/d) and Mankai (100 g green shake/d). In a complementary animal experiment, after 44 d of an iron deficiency anemia-inducing diet, 50 female rats (age = 3 wk; Sprague Dawley strain) were randomly assigned into: iron-deficient diet (vehicle), or vehicle + iso-iron: ferrous gluconate (FG) 14, Mankai 50, and Mankai 80 versions (1.7 mg · kg-1 · d-1 elemental iron), or FG9.5 and Mankai 50-C version (1.15 mg · kg-1 · d-1 elemental iron). The specific primary aim for both studies was changes in iron homeostasis parameters. RESULTS: After 6 mo of intervention, iron status trajectory did not differ between the PA and PA + MED groups. Hemoglobin modestly increased in the PA + green-MED group (0.23 g/dL) compared with PA (-0.1 g/dL; P < 0.001) and PA + MED (-0.1 g/dL; P < 0.001). Serum iron and serum transferrin saturation increased in the PA + green-MED group compared with the PA group (8.21 μg/dL compared with -5.23 μg/dL and 2.39% compared with -1.15%, respectively; P < 0.05 for both comparisons), as did folic acid (P = 0.011). In rats, hemoglobin decreased from 15.7 to 9.4 mg/dL after 44 d of diet-induced anemia. After depletion treatment, the vehicle-treated group had a further decrease of 1.3 mg/dL, whereas hemoglobin concentrations in both FG and Mankai iso-iron treatments similarly rebounded (FG14: +10.8 mg/dL, Mankai 50: +6.4 mg/dL, Mankai 80: +7.3 mg/dL; FG9.5: +5.1 mg/dL, Mankai 50-C: +7.1 mg/dL; P < 0.05 for all vs. the vehicle group). CONCLUSIONS: In humans, a green-MED low-meat diet does not impair iron homeostasis. In rats, iron derived from Mankai (a green-plant protein source) is bioavailable and efficient in reversal of anemia. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03020186.
An evidence-based systematic review of amylase inhibitors by the Natural Standard Research Collaboration.; An evidence-based systematic review including written and statistical analysis of scientific literature, expert opinion, folkloric precedent, history, pharmacology, kinetics/dynamics, interactions, adverse effects, toxicology, and dosing. FAU - Ulbricht, Catherine
Benefits and hazards of dietary carbohydrate.; Since the dawn of civilization, carbohydrate has comprised the largest source of energy in the diet for most populations. The source of the carbohydrate has been from plants in the form of complex carbohydrate high in fiber. Only in affluent cultures has sugar contributed so much of the total energy. When carbohydrate is consumed as a major component of a plant-based diet, a high-carbohydrate, low-fat diet is associated with low plasma levels of total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, less coronary heart disease, less diabetes, and less obesity. Very low-carbohydrate (ketogenic) diets may provide short-term solutions but do not lead to a long-term solution for most people. FAU - Connor, William E
Anti-diabetic properties of rice-based herbal porridges in diabetic Wistar rats.; The present study aims to investigate anti-hyperglycaemic, anti-hyperlipidaemic and toxic effects of long-term consumption of selected green leafy porridges in a streptozotocin-induced diabetic Wistar rat model. Porridges made with Asparagus racemosus Willd. (AR), Hemidesmus indicus (L) R. Br. W. T. Aiton (HI), Scoparia dulcis L. (SD) and coconut milk porridge (CM) were incorporated into diets of diabetic Wistar rats. Diabetic control (DM) and normal control groups (NC) were provided with standard rat diet. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), HbA1c , C reactive protein (CRP), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), liver enzymes and creatinine were measured. Feed and water intake among diabetic groups were significantly high when compared with those of NC (p < 0.05). All rats in SD (mean = 39 ± 19 g) and NC (mean = 114 ± 7 g) groups gained weight, whereas most rats in other diabetic groups lost weight. Among the diabetic groups, SD group had the lowest mean FBG, FBG increment percentage (45%) and HbA1c (5.8 ± 2.1). FBG increment percentage and HbA1c of SD group were not significantly different to those of NC (38%; 4.7 ± 0.7) (p > 0.05). Among the diabetic groups, lowest TC (119 ± 20.6 mg/dL) and highest HDL-C (33 ± 6.3 mg/dL) were also detected in SD group. Alanine transaminase and creatinine were not significantly different (p > 0.05) among diabetic groups but significant when compared with those of NC. When compared with those of NC, aspartate transaminase levels were significantly (p < 0.05) high in SD, CM and DM groups. Body weight : liver weight and body weight : pancreas weight ratios and CRP were not significantly different among all groups. The study proved that SD porridge reduced weight loss, elicited hypoglycaemic and hypolipidaemic properties, and caused no toxicity in diabetes-induced Wistar rats.
[The mediterranean diet model in inflammatory rheumatic diseases].; The Mediterranean diet is based on a pattern of eating closely tied to the Mediterranean region, which includes Greece and southern Italy. Essentially, the traditional diet emphasizes foods from plant sources, limited meat consumption, small amounts of wine and olive oil as the main fat source. The beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet has been proven not only to cardiovascular diseases but also for diabetes, obesity, arthritis and cancer. Its anti-inflammatory and protective properties are linked to the large presence of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins, but especially to the constituents of extra virgin olive oil: oleic acid, phenolic compounds olecanthal, a new recently discovered molecule, with natural anti-inflammatory properties. It has been shown that the Mediterranean diet can reduce disease activity, pain and stiffness in patients with inflammatory arthritis and may thus constitute a valuable support for patients suffering from these diseases. FAU - Sales, C
Sudden cardiac death: influence of diabetes.; This article reviews current thinking on the problem of sudden cardiac death (SCD) within community settings, highlighting progress in understanding risks and mechanisms. Information available on the influence of diabetes as a risk factor for SCD and the question of whether this disease enhances susceptibility to ventricular arrhythmias is summarized as are central strategies in risk stratification and mortality prevention. FAU - Spooner, P M
Short-Term Effects of Lupin vs. Whey Supplementation on Glucose and Insulin Responses to a Standardized Meal in a Randomized Cross-Over Trial.; Background: Whey protein is known to reduce postprandial glycaemia in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Lupin as a vegetable source of protein could be considered as an alternative, as the percentage of vegetarian and vegan consumers is raising. The present study compares the acute glycemic effects of whey and lupin in healthy volunteers following a carbohydrate-rich reference meal. Methods In cross-over design, three standardized meals (reference meal; reference meal + whey; reference meal + lupin) were provided to 12 healthy male and female volunteers, aged between 23 and 33, in a balanced, randomized order. Volunteers' blood glucose and insulin concentrations were analyzed at baseline and at seven time points following the ingestion of the meals. Results: The supplementation of whey or lupin significantly blunted the postprandial increase in blood glucose concentrations compared to the reference meal (p < 0.001). In the overall statistical analysis, this effect was comparable for whey and lupin [Δ AUC whey-lupin = 8%, 0-60 min area under the curve (0-60 min AUC), p = 0.937], with a blunting effect of -46% by whey (p = 0.005, 0-60 min AUC) and of -54% by lupin (p < 0.001, 0-60 min AUC). When comparing whey and lupin data only, the insulin increase was found to be more pronounced for whey protein than for lupin supplementation (Δ AUC whey-lupin = 39%, 0-60 min AUC, p = 0.022). However, when comparing the insulin response of each supplementation to the one of the reference meal, no differences could be detected (whey p = 0.259, 0-60 min AUC; lupin p = 0.275, 0-60 min AUC). Conclusions: Results suggest that lupin and whey can both lower the increase of postprandial blood glucose concentrations to a comparable extent, implying the usability of lupin to reduce postprandial glycaemia. However, the insulin response following the supplementations to a carbohydrate-rich meal seems to differ for these two protein sources. FAU - Schopen, Kathrin
The clinical effects of Synsepalum dulcificum: a review.; Synsepalum dulcificum or the "miracle fruit" is well known for its taste-modifying ability. The aim of this review was to assess the published medically beneficial as well as potential characteristics of this fruit. A search in three databases, including PubMed, ScienceDirect, and Google Scholar, was made with appropriate keywords. The resulting articles were screened in different stages based on the title, abstract, and content. A total of nine articles were included in this review. This review summarized the findings of previously published studies on the effects of miracle fruit. The main studied characteristic of the fruit was its effect on the taste receptors, resulting in the sweet sensation when substances with acidic content were ingested. This effect was shown to be related to a glycoprotein called "miraculin." Other beneficial characteristics of this fruit were its antioxidant and anticancer abilities that are due to the various amides existing in the miracle fruit. Apart from the above, the other observed effect of this fruit was its antidiabetic effect that was tested in rats. Further studies should be conducted to establish the findings. The miracle fruit can be a healthy additive due to its unique characteristics, including sour taste sensation modification as well as its antioxidant and antidiabetic effects. FAU - Swamy, Kaki B
Echocardiography and NAFLD (non-alcoholic fatty liver disease).; Non-alcoholic-fatty-liver-disease (NAFLD) is associated with atherosclerosis, increased cardiovascular risks and mortality. We investigated if, independently of insulin resistance, diet, physical activity and obesity, fatty liver involvement has any relationship with echocardiographic measurements in NAFLD. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 660 NAFLD and 791 non-NAFLD subjects, referred to the same out-patients medical unit for lifestyle-nutritional prescription, were studied. Congestive heart failure, myocardial infarction, malignancies, diabetes mellitus, extreme obesity, underweight-bad-nourished subjects and renal insufficiency were exclusion criteria. Liver steatosis was assessed by Ultrasound-Bright-Liver-Score (BLS), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), trans-mitral E/A doppler ratio (diastolic relaxation) and left ventricular myocardial mass (LVMM/m(2)) by echocardiography. Doppler Renal artery Resistive Index (RRI), insulin resistance (HOMA) and lifestyle profile were also included in the clinical assessment. RESULTS: LVMM/m(2) is significantly greater in NAFLD, 101.62±34.48 vs. 88.22±25.61, p<0.0001 both in men and in women. Ejection fraction is slightly smaller only in men with NAFLD; no significant difference was observed for the E/A ratio. BMI (30.42±5.49 vs. 24.87±3.81; p<0.0001) and HOMA (2.90±1.70 vs. 1.85±1.25; p: 0.0001) were significantly greater in NAFLD patients. By Multiple-Linear-Regression, NAFLD and unhealthy dietary profile are associated also in lean non-diabetic subjects with lower systolic function, independently of BMI, dietary profile, physical activity, RRI and insulin resistance. CONCLUSION: NAFLD may be a meaningful early clue suggestive of diminishing heart function, with similar determining factors. NAFLD is amenable to management and improvement by lifestyle change counseling, addressing a dual target: reducing fatty liver, which is easily monitored by ultrasound, and, independently, maintaining a normal heart function.
Dietary patterns during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study in Western China.; BACKGROUND: Previous research has demonstrated the association between maternal dietary patterns and gestational diabetes (GDM), but evidence in Asian populations remains limited and inconsistent. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns during early pregnancy and the risk of GDM among pregnant women in Western China. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted among 1337 pregnant women in Western China. Dietary intakes were assessed at 15-20 weeks of gestation using a validated food frequency questionnaire. GDM was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance tests at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Exploratory factor analysis was performed to derive dietary patterns, and logistic regression models were used to examine the association between dietary patterns and GDM. RESULTS: A total of 199 women (14.9%) developed GDM. Three dietary patterns were identified, namely, a plant-based pattern, a meat-based pattern and a high protein-low starch pattern. Notwithstanding a lack of association between dietary patterns and GDM risk in the whole cohort, there was a significant reduction in GDM risk among overweight women (BMI ≥24 kg/m(2)); the odds ratio being 0.29 (95% confidence interval 0.09 to 0.94) when comparing the highest versus the lowest score of the high protein-low starch pattern. CONCLUSIONS: There was no significant association between early pregnancy dietary patterns and GDM risk later in pregnancy for women in Western China, but high protein-low starch diet was associated with lower risk for GDM among women who were overweight at pre-pregnancy. FAU - Mak, Jonathan K L
Mediterranean diets are associated with a lower incidence of metabolic syndrome one year following renal transplantation.; Considering the high prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its association with cardiovascular mortality, we prospectively evaluated the role of diet in the incidence of metabolic syndrome in renal transplant recipients. Our prospective cohort of 160 adult renal allograft recipients was followed for 1 year and had no existing metabolic syndrome or diabetes mellitus. Routine dietary intakes were assessed with food-frequency questionnaires, and metabolic syndrome was defined according to the Adult Treatment Panel III guidelines. We identified 3 major patterns by factor analysis, consisting of those recipients predominantly consuming fats and sugars, those predominantly consuming whole grain, and the Mediterranean diet. When analyzed by multivariable logistic regression and after controlling for potential confounders, subjects in the highest tertile of scores for the Mediterranean diet had a significantly lower odds of metabolic syndrome than those in the lowest tertile. Subjects in the highest tertile of scores for consuming fats and sugars had significantly greater odds of metabolic syndrome compared with those in the lowest tertile. Our study shows that the Mediterranean dietary pattern is associated with a reduced risk of metabolic syndrome in renal transplant recipients. FAU - Nafar, Mohsen
Talking microbes: When gut bacteria interact with diet and host organs.; Obesity and diabetes have reached epidemic proportions. Evidence suggests that besides dietary habits and physical activity, other environmental factors, such as gut microbes, are recognized as additional partners implicated in the control of energy homeostasis. Studies on the human gut microbiota have shown that the general population can be stratified on the sole basis of three dominant bacteria (i.e., the concept of enterotypes), while some others have suggested categorizing the population according to their microbiome gene richness. Both aspects have been strengthened by recent studies investigating the impact of nutrients (e.g., dietary fibers, fat feeding) and dietary habits (i.e., vegans versus omnivores) of different populations. Using preclinical models, quite a few novel mechanisms have been proposed in these gut microbiota-host interactions, including the role of novel bacteria, the regulation of antimicrobial peptide production, the maintenance of the gut barrier function and intestinal innate immunity. In this review, we discuss several of the aforementioned aspects. Nonetheless, determining the overall mechanisms by which microbes dialogue with host cells will require further investigations before anticipating the development of next-generation nutritional interventions using prebiotics, probiotics, synbiotics, or even specific nutrients for promoting health benefits.
Antihypertensive properties of plant-based prebiotics.; Hypertension is one of the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Although various drugs for its treatment have been synthesized, the occurring side effects have generated the need for natural interventions for the treatment and prevention of hypertension. Dietary intervention such as the administration of prebiotics has been seen as a highly acceptable approach. Prebiotics are indigestible food ingredients that bypass digestion and reach the lower gut as substrates for indigenous microflora. Most of the prebiotics used as food adjuncts, such as inulin, fructooligosaccharides, dietary fiber and gums, are derived from plants. Experimental evidence from recent studies has suggested that prebiotics are capable of reducing and preventing hypertension. This paper will discuss some of the mechanisms involved, the evidence generated from both in-vitro experiments and in-vivo trials and some controversial findings that are raised. FAU - Yeo, Siok-Koon
Barberry in the treatment of obesity and metabolic syndrome: possible mechanisms of action.; Obesity is a consequence of an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. It affects people of both genders and all age groups, ethnicity and socioeconomic groups, and in developed and developing countries. Obesity is often accompanied by the metabolic syndrome (MetS). MetS is characterized by a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors, including high blood pressure, adiposity, dyslipidemia and glucose intolerance, which together increase the risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus and other causes of mortality. Nowadays, there is a growing interest in the use of plant-based agents instead of synthetic drugs to manage chronic diseases such as MetS; one such example is Berberis vulgaris. B. vulgaris contains isoquinonline alkaloids such as berberine, berberrubine and berbamine. Recent studies have proved that berberine exhibits pharmacological activities and positive effects on the risk factors of obesity and MetS. We have reviewed original articles related to the possible molecular mechanisms of action of berberine on obesity and MetS. Berberine suppresses adipocyte differentiation and decreases obesity. It also regulates glucose metabolism via decreasing insulin resistance and increasing insulin secretion. Other effects of berberine include antihyperlipidemic and antihypertensive activities and endothelial protection. FAU - Firouzi, Safieh
Lifestyle Medicine in an Academic/Hospital Context.; The effective integration of lifestyle medicine into allopathic practices is an evolving necessity driven by limited resources and escalating costs. Efforts in the Florida Hospital system graduate medical education (GME) department to meet this challenge may be instructive to others. Efforts include the hiring of an experienced dietician with a focus on a whole food plant based diet and a patient engagement tool to identify areas where patients are ready to make change. Billing is done using existing finance structure with the goal of decreasing the overall cost of providing care within a Clinically Integrated Network (CIN) context. Additionally, one GME clinician's experience in clinical lifestyle based intervention identifies and comments on several practical clinical factors for bringing effective behavior change to individual patients: patient readiness, a knowledgeable health care provider, adequate time, as well as the effectiveness of the intervention. FAU - Guthrie, George E
Protective Effect of Abelmoschus esculentus Against Alloxan-induced Diabetes in Wistar Strain Rats.; Increased oxidative stress has been shown to play an important role in the etiology and pathogenesis of diabetes and its complications. Abelmoschus esculentus (Okra) has been reported to possess many important biological properties. We undertook in vivo studies on male Wistar rats to examine the antioxidative potential of okra in normal and alloxan-treated diabetic rats. Okra extract was administered to control and diabetic rats for 35 consecutive days. Erythrocyte plasma membrane redox system (PMRS) activity (p < 0.05), erythrocytes lipid peroxidation (MDA) (p < 0.01), and advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) (p < 0.001), increased by 153%, 31%, and 290%, respectively, in response to alloxan treatment, while intracellular reduced glutathione (p < 0.001) and total antioxidant potential of plasma in terms of Ferric reducing ability (FRAP) (p < 0.01) decreased by 75% and 22%, respectively, on alloxan treatment. Okra supplementation provided protection to the rats against alloxan-induced changes. Based on the present results, we hypothesize that okra has strong antioxidative potential and may be used as a dietary supplementation in diabetes for prevention of oxidative stress-mediated complications. FAU - Mishra, Neetu
Diet, life-style and cardiovascular morbidity in the rural, free living population of Elafonisos island.; BACKGROUND: There are about 70 small islands in the Aegean and Ionian Sea, of less than 300 Km(2) and 5000 inhabitants each, comprising a total population of more than 75,000 individuals with geographical and socioeconomic characteristics of special interest. The objective of the present study was to assess lifestyle characteristics and the state of cardiovascular risk of the population of a small Eastern Mediterranean island, Elafonisos. METHODS: PERSEAS (Prospective Evaluation of cardiovascular Risk Surrogates in Elafonisos Area Study) is an ongoing, population-based, longitudinal survey of cardiovascular risk factors, life-style characteristics and related morbidity/mortality performed in a small and relatively isolated island of the Aegean Sea, named Elafonisos. Validated, closed-ended questionnaires for demographic, socio-economic, clinical and lifestyle characteristics were distributed and analyzed. The MedDietScore, a validated Mediterranean diet score was also calculated. In addition, all participants underwent measurement of anthropometric parameters, blood pressure and a full blood panel for glucose and lipids. RESULTS: The analysis included 596 individuals who represented 74.5% of the target population. The mean age of the population was 49.5 ± 19.6 years and 48.2% were males. Fifty participants (8.4%) had a history of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The rates of reported diabetes, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia were 7.7%, 30.9% and 30.9% respectively, with screen-detection of each condition accounting for an additional 4.0%, 12.9%, and 23.3% of cases, respectively. Four hundred and seven individuals (68.3%) were overweight or obese, 25% reported being physically inactive and 36.6% were active smokers. The median MedDietScore was 25 [interquartile range: 6, range 12-47] with higher values significantly associated with older age, better education, increased physical activity, absence of history of diabetes and known history of hypercholesterolemia. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity and traditional risk factors for CVD are highly prevalent among the inhabitants of a small Mediterranean island. Adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet in this population is moderate, while physical activity is low. There seems to be a need for lifestyle modification programs in order to reverse the increasing cardiovascular risk trends in rural isolated areas of the Mediterranean basin. FAU - Kapelios, Chris J
Integrative herbal treatments of diabetes in Beni Mellal region of Morocco.; OBJECTIVES: Diabetes is one of the most life-threatening chronic metabolic disorders and is considered a global health problem due to its prevalence and incidence. In Morocco, several herbal preparations are utilized to treat this disease. For this reason, the current study aimed to identify and to collect data about the medicinal plants utilized in folk medicine for the treatment of diabetes in the Beni Mellal region of Morocco. METHODS: An ethnobotanical survey was carried out among 400 herbalists, competent villagers and traditional healers from the Beni Mellal region through direct interviews using a semistructured questionnaire. RESULTS: Forty-five medicinal plants belonging to 25 families were identified for their use in diabetes treatment. Interview results showed that the most frequently used plants were Olea europaea, Salvia officinalis, Allium sativum and Trigonella foenum-graecum, with a relative frequency of citation values of 24.3%, 23.0%, 22.5% and 20.5%, respectively. Moreover, in this study, the Fabaceae family was the most commonly reported plant family, and the leaves and roots were the most commonly used parts, for the treatment of diabetes. CONCLUSION: The Beni Mellal region of Morocco has an important floristic biodiversity of plants used to treat diabetes in traditional medicinal practice. This result provides a good database for pharmacological screenings in the search for plant-based antidiabetic medications.
Effect of the herbal mixture composed of Aloe Vera, Henna, Adiantum capillus-veneris, and Myrrha on wound healing in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: Wound healing is often impaired in diabetic animals and humans. Matrix metalloproteases act as pro-inflammatory agents in physiological wound healing pathways by stimulating cytokines including the interleukins, IL6, IL1A and IL1B, and the tumor necrosis factor and transforming growth factor beta1. Botanicals are traditionally used to assist healing of different types of wounds, because they produce fewer side effects. Our specific aim here was to develop a plant-based recipe supporting effective wound healing in diabetic animals. METHODS: Plant materials from Adiantum capillus-veneris, Commiphora molmol, Aloe Vera, and henna were collected for this study, and oven-dried at 60 °C. The dried leaves and resins were then crumbled into a powder and mixed in equal parts with Vaseline as a preservative. This mixture was used as an ointment on wounds induced in 60 diabetic and non-diabetic rats that were divided into 6 subgroups receiving agent or control treatments. Necrotic tissue surrounding the wound was periodically removed during wound healing. RNA was extracted from the healing region of the wound at days 7, 14 and 21 for cDNA synthesis to monitor changes in Tgfb1, Mmp3, Mmp9, Il6 and Tnf α expression using real-time PCR. RESULTS: The expression of the Mmp3, the Tnf α, and the Tgfb1 genes from wound tissue were significantly different (p < 0.05) between diabetic and non-diabetic (control) rats treated with the herbal mixture after 14 and 21 days. There was no significant difference (p > 0.05) of the Mmp9 gene expression in diabetic and non-diabetic rats treated only with Vaseline after 7, 14, and 21 days. But, the expression of the Mmp9 gene decreased significantly (p < 0.05) in diabetic rats after 14 days in comparison to non-diabetic rats, when the herbal mixture was added to Vaseline. CONCLUSIONS: Our study presents an herbal treatment that alters the gene expression signature at wounds induced in the rat model for type I diabetes in a manner consistent with accelerated healing, and demonstrates that this herbal treatment might be effective to treat wounds in diabetic patients. FAU - Galehdari, Hamid
Oatmeal interventions in severe insulin resistance on the intensive care unit: A case report.; OBJECTIVES: To report on the potential effectiveness of hypocaloric, plant-based short-term dietary oatmeal interventions in the treatment of insulin resistance in critically ill patients on the intensive care unit. CLINICAL FEATURES AND OUTCOME: A 67-year-old female with type 2 diabetes was admitted to our hospital with suspected pneumonia. The patient developed acute hypoxemic respiratory failure and was diagnosed with pneumogenic sepsis requiring invasive ventilation and an immediate transfer to our medical intensive care unit. Within 48 h the patient developed severe to extreme insulin resistance and required more than 200 units of insulin per day. Based on the "Noorden diet" described in 1903, a modified hypocaloric (700 kcal) and plant-based dietary oatmeal intervention was performed to "break" insulin resistance and to improve glycaemic control. For two days, the patient received a low-fat diet that restricted carbohydrates to whole-grain oats (180 g) and included small amounts of vegetables (60 g). Enteral feeding was done via nasogastric tube. During and after the intervention, glycaemic control improved significantly. A significant reduction in total daily insulin requirements was achieved during and after the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: Hypocaloric, plant-based short-term dietary oatmeal interventions significantly reduced mean blood glucose levels and mean required daily insulin doses in a critically ill and septic patient on the intensive care unit.
Effect of simple, targeted diet in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors on maternal and fetal outcomes (ESTEEM): study protocol for a pragmatic multicentre randomised trial.; INTRODUCTION: Women with metabolic risk factors are at higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Mediterranean-based dietary interventions have the potential to minimise these risks. We aim to evaluate the effectiveness of a simple, targeted intervention modelled on Mediterranean diet in preventing maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with metabolic risk factors. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy <18 weeks gestation, and without pre-existing diabetes, chronic renal disease and autoimmune diseases will be recruited. Women with metabolic risk factors will be randomised to receive a dietary intervention based on a Mediterranean pattern, supplemented with extra virgin olive oil and mixed nuts until delivery. The intervention will be delivered through a series of one to one and group sessions. The primary outcome is a composite maternal outcome of pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes and a composite fetal outcome of stillbirth, small for gestational age fetus or admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. Secondary outcomes include maternal, fetal, dietary and laboratory outcomes. We aim to randomise 1230 eligible women with metabolic risk factors. We will also compare the outcomes in women with and without these risk factors. The sample size will provide us with 80% power at 5% significance, assuming a 20% loss to follow-up to detect a 30% reduction in maternal and fetal complications. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The ESTEEM trial is designed to provide a definitive estimate of the effects of Mediterranean dietary pattern in pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes. The pragmatic nature of ESTEEM ensures the applicability of its findings into clinical practice. The findings of the study will be published in peer-reviewed journals and presented at national and international scientific meetings and congresses. Ethical approval was granted by the NHS Research Ethics Committees (14/EE/1048). TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02218931; Pre-results.
An improved course of glycaemia after a bread based breakfast is associated with beneficial effects on acute and semi-acute markers of appetite.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is rapidly increasing all over the world and a diet promoting reduced glycaemic excursions in the postprandial phase may help to prevent the disease. In the present study guar gum (GG) and whole grain rye flour or high amylose maize starch (HAM) was combined to design bread products giving low and sustained glycaemia. A meal study was performed with young, healthy subjects and in addition to glucose and insulin, also subjective appetite ratings and biomarkers of appetite, voluntary energy intake at a second meal and markers of fermentation were studied. The combination of GG and rye was superior with improvements in subjective appetite whereas both test products lead to improvements in biomarkers of appetite compared to the white wheat bread reference. The inclusion of GG, rye and/or HAM in bread products show great potential in lowering risk factors associated with insulin resistance and improving acute and semi-acute appetite. FAU - Ekström, Linda M N K
Plant-based vaccines for oral delivery of type 1 diabetes-related autoantigens: Evaluating oral tolerance mechanisms and disease prevention in NOD mice.; Autoantigen-specific immunological tolerance represents a central objective for prevention of type 1 diabetes (T1D). Previous studies demonstrated mucosal antigen administration results in expansion of Foxp3(+) and LAP(+) regulatory T cells (Tregs), suggesting oral delivery of self-antigens might represent an effective means for modulating autoimmune disease. Early preclinical experiments using the non-obese diabetic (NOD) mouse model reported mucosal administration of T1D-related autoantigens [proinsulin or glutamic acid decarboxylase 65 (GAD)] delayed T1D onset, but published data are conflicting regarding dose, treatment duration, requirement for combinatorial agents, and extent of efficacy. Recently, dogma was challenged in a report demonstrating oral insulin does not prevent T1D in NOD mice, possibly due to antigen digestion prior to mucosal immune exposure. We used transplastomic plants expressing proinsulin and GAD to protect the autoantigens from degradation in an oral vaccine and tested the optimal combination, dose, and treatment duration for the prevention of T1D in NOD mice. Our data suggest oral autoantigen therapy alone does not effectively influence disease incidence or result in antigen-specific tolerance assessed by IL-10 measurement and Treg frequency. A more aggressive approach involving tolerogenic cytokine administration and/or lymphocyte depletion prior to oral antigen-specific immunotherapy will likely be required to impart durable therapeutic efficacy. FAU - Posgai, Amanda L
Beneficial roles of honey polyphenols against some human degenerative diseases: A review.; Honey contains many active constituents and antioxidants such as polyphenols. Polyphenols are phytochemicals, a generic term for the several thousand plant-based molecules with antioxidant properties. Many in vitro studies in human cell cultures as well as many animal studies confirm the protective effect of polyphenols on a number of diseases such as cardiovascular diseases (CVD), diabetes, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, pulmonary diseases, liver diseases and so on. Nevertheless, it is challenging to identify the specific biological mechanism underlying individual polyphenols and to determine how polyphenols impact human health. To date, several studies have attempted to elucidate the molecular pathway for specific polyphenols acting against particular diseases. In this review, we report on the various polyphenols present in different types of honey according to their classification, source, and specific functions and discuss several of the honey polyphenols with the most therapeutic potential to exert an effect on the various pathologies of some major diseases including CVD, diabetes, cancer, and neurodegenerative diseases.
Antidiabetic property of Aerva lanata (L.) Juss. ex Schult. is mediated by inhibition of alpha glucosidase, protein glycation and stimulation of adipogenesis.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality, with a number currently diagnosed as high as 371 million. Plant-based therapy could be an ideal choice because of fewer side-effects and wider acceptability. Hence, the antihyperglycemic potential of Aerva lanata, a herb prescribed for diabetes in Ayurveda was evaluated to elucidate its possible mechanism of action. METHODS: High performance liquid chromatography analysis was used for the characterization of 70% ethanolic (aqueous leaf extract [ALE]) and ethyl acetate (AEA) extracts. Further, they were evaluated for their antioxidant, inhibition of alpha glucosidase, protein glycation dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP IV), protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) and stimulation of glucose uptake and glitazone like property (adipogenic potential) using in vitro models. The promising alpha glucosidase inhibitory potential of ALE was further evaluated in normal and streptozotocin (STZ) diabetic rats. RESULTS: ALE inhibited yeast (IC50 - 81.76 μg/mL) and rat intestinal alpha glucosidase (IC50 - 108.7 μg/mL), protein glycation, DPP IV enzyme (IC50 - 118.62 μg/mL) and PTP1B (IC50 - 94.66 μg/mL). ALE stimulated maximal adipogenesis at 50 μg/mL and enhanced insulin mediated glucose uptake (threefold of basal) at 100 μg/mL in L6 myotubes. ALE (500 mg/kg b.w.) showed a significant antihyperglycemic activity in sucrose loaded STZ normal (15.57%) and diabetic (18.44%) rats. HPLC analysis of ALE revealed the presence of bioactives like alpha amyrin, betulin and beta sitosterol. CONCLUSIONS: Alpha glucosidase inhibition, antiglycation, and adipogenic potential significantly contribute to the antidiabetic property of Aerva lanata. In addition, insulin sensitization and antioxidant potential also enhance its therapeutic potential.
The ketogenic diet: Pros and cons.; Diets have been at the center of animated debates for decades and many claims have been made in one direction or the other by supporters of opposite camps, often with limited evidence. At times emphasis has been put on a single new aspect that the previous diets had overlooked and the new one was to embrace in order to improve weight loss and well-being. Unfortunately, very few randomized clinical trials involving diets have addressed the combined question of weight loss and cardiovascular outcomes. The recently introduced ketogenic diet requires a rigorous limitation of carbohydrates while allowing a liberal ingestion of fats (including saturated fats) and has generated a flurry of interest with many taking the pro position and as many taking the cons position. The ketogenic diet causes a rapid and sensible weight loss along with favourable biomarker changes, such as a reduction in serum hemoglobin A1c in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2. However, it also causes a substantial rise in low density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and many physicians are therefore hesitant to endorse it. In view of the popular uptake of the keto diet even among subjects not in need of weight loss, there is some preoccupation with the potential long-term consequences of a wide embrace of this diet by large segments of the population. On the contrary, numerous lines of evidence show that plant-based diets are associated with reduction in oncological and cardiovascular diseases and a prolonged life span. The debate reproduced in this article took place during a continuous medical education program between two cardiologists with largely differing views on the matter of effectiveness, sustainability, and safety of the ketogenic diet compared to alternative options.
Surveillance of noncommunicable diseases by community health workers in Kerala: the epidemiology of noncommunicable diseases in rural areas (ENDIRA) study.; BACKGROUND: India carries the greatest burden of noncommunicable disease (NCD) globally. However, there are few contemporary, community-based studies of prevalence in India. Given the physician shortages in rural areas, large-scale, region-specific studies of NCD using community health workers (CHW) may offer a feasible means of NCD surveillance. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to conduct a large-scale, population-based, CHW-led study of NCDs in Kerala, India. METHODS: In rural Kerala, India, a population of 113,462 individuals was defined geographically by 5 panchayats (village councils). The ENDIRA (Epidemiology of Noncommunicable Diseases in Rural Areas) study was conducted via accredited social health activists (ASHA), who are CHW employed by Kerala state government. After training of ASHA, standardized questionnaires were used during 2012 in household interviews of individuals ≥18 years of age to gather sociodemographic, lifestyle, and medical data. RESULTS: ASHA recruited 84,456 adults who were included in the analyses (25.4% were below the poverty line). The prevalence of NCD was comparable to contemporary studies in India: myocardial infarction (MI) 1.4%; stroke 0.3%; respiratory diseases 5.0%; and cancer 1.1%. The dietary habits were as follows: 84.1% of the population was vegetarian; 15.9% ate meat/fish ≥1 day per week; 4.2% had ≥1 alcoholic drink per week; and 8.1% smoked regularly. Compared with men, women were older, had lower body mass index, more likely to be hypertensive, less likely to smoke or drink alcohol, and have diabetes or dyslipidemia (p < 0.0001). NCD were more common in men than women: MI (1.9% vs. 0.9%); stroke (0.5% vs. 0.3%); cancer (1.2% vs. 0.9%); and respiratory diseases (5.9% vs. 4.0%) (p < 0.0001). Age ≥65 years, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, smoking, and male sex were strongly associated with MI and stroke. There were high levels of agreement between ASHA and physicians for diagnoses of MI, stroke, hypertension, and diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: CHW effectively conducted a large-scale prevalence study of NCD in Kerala, including prevalence of risk factors. In rural Kerala, traditional risk factors were strongly associated with MI and stroke.
Taurine in cardiovascular disease.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The shift of modern dietary regimens from 'Mediterranean' to 'western' style is believed to be responsible, in part, for the increase in cardiovascular disease, obesity, type II diabetes and cancer. A classic 'Mediterranean' diet consists of adequate intake of seafood, vegetables, fruit, whole grain and nonpurified monounsaturated vegetable oil. Thus, in humans, dietary intake of seafood is the major source of taurine, as the level of endogenously produced taurine is low. RECENT FINDINGS: Taurine has been shown to affect coronary artery disease, blood pressure, plasma cholesterol and myocardial function in animal models of human disease. A major role of taurine is to act as an antioxidant and absorb hypochlorous acid but not the oxidative radical. It seems that this beneficial effect of taurine in antioxidant therapy has not been well promoted. SUMMARY: This review will focus on determining whether taurine could be a factor contributing to the further prevention of heart disease. FAU - Zulli, Anthony
Gentiana lutea exerts anti-atherosclerotic effects by preventing endothelial inflammation and smooth muscle cell migration.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Studies suggest that Gentiana lutea (GL), and its component isovitexin, may exhibit anti-atherosclerotic properties. In this study we sought to investigate the protective mechanism of GL aqueous root extract and isovitexin on endothelial inflammation, smooth muscle cell migation, and on the onset and progression of atherosclerosis in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. METHODS AND RESULTS: Our results show that both GL extract and isovitexin, block leukocyte adhesion and generation of reactive oxygen species in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and rat aortic smooth muscle cells (RASMCs), following TNF-alpha and platelet derived growth factor-BB (PDGF-BB) challenges respectively. Both the extract and isovitexin blocked TNF-α induced expression of ICAM-1 and VCAM-1 in HUVECs. PDGF-BB induced migration of RASMCs and phospholipase C-γ activation, were also abrogated by GL extract and isovitexin. Fura-2 based ratiometric measurements demonstrated that, both the extact, and isovitexin, inhibit PDGF-BB mediated intracellular calcium rise in RASMCs. Supplementation of regular diet with 2% GL root powder for STZ rats, reduced total cholesterol in blood. Oil Red O staining demonstrated decreased lipid accumulation in aortic wall of diabetic animals upon treatment with GL. Medial thickness and deposition of collagen in the aortic segment of diabetic rats were also reduced upon supplementation. Immunohistochemistry demonstrated reduced expression of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), and vascular endothelial cadherin (VE-cadherin) in aortic segments of diabetic rats following GL treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Thus, our results support that GL root extract/powder and isovitexin exhibit anti-atherosclerotic activities.
Common variant in FUT2 gene is associated with levels of vitamin B(12) in Indian population.; Vitamin B(12) is an essential micronutrient synthesized by microorganisms. Mammals including humans have evolved ways for transport and absorption of this vitamin. Deficiency of vitamin B(12) (either due to low intake or polymorphism in genes involved in absorption and intracellular transport of this vitamin) has been associated with various complex diseases. Genome-wide association studies have recently identified several common single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in fucosyl transferase 2 gene (FUT2) to be associated with levels of vitamin B(12)-the strongest association was with a non-synonymous SNP rs602662 in this gene. In the present study, we attempted to replicate the association of this SNP (rs602662) in an Indian population since a significant proportion has been reported to have low levels of vitamin B(12) in this population. A total of 1146 individuals were genotyped for this SNP using a single base extension method and association with levels of vitamin B(12) was assessed in these individuals. Regression analysis was performed to analyze the association considering various confounding factors like for age, sex, diet, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease status. We found that the SNP rs602662 was significantly associated with the levels of vitamin B(12) (p value<0.0001). We also found that individuals adhering to a vegetarian diet with GG (homozygous major genotype) have significantly lower levels of vitamin B(12) in these individuals. Thus, our study reveals that vegetarian diet along with polymorphism in the FUT2 gene may contribute significantly to the high prevalence of vitamin B(12) deficiency in India.
Cotransplantation of adipose tissue-derived insulin-secreting mesenchymal stem cells and hematopoietic stem cells: a novel therapy for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Aims. Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) is believed to be an autoimmune disorder with disturbed glucose/insulin metabolism, requiring life-long insulin replacement therapy (IRT), 30% of patients develop end-organ failure. We present our experience of cotransplantation of adipose tissue derived insulin-secreting mesenchymal stem cells (IS-AD-MSC) and cultured bone marrow (CBM) as IRT for these patients. Methods. This was a prospective open-labeled clinical trial to test efficacy and safety of IS-AD-MSC+CBM co-transplantation to treat IDDM, approved by the institutional review board after informed consent in 11 (males : females: 7 : 4) patients with 1-24-year disease duration, in age group: 13-43 years, on mean values of exogenous insulin requirement of 1.14 units/kg BW/day, glycosylated hemoglobin (Hb1Ac): 8.47%, and c-peptide levels: 0.1 ng/mL. Intraportal infusion of xenogeneic-free IS-AD-MSC from living donors, subjected to defined culture conditions and phenotypically differentiated to insulin-secreting cells, with mean quantum: 1.5 mL, expressing Pax-6, Isl-1, and pdx-1, cell counts: 2.1 × 10(3)/μL, CD45(-)/90(+)/73(+):40/30.1%, C-Peptide level:1.8 ng/mL, and insulin level: 339.3  IU/mL with CBM mean quantum: 96.3 mL and cell counts: 28.1 × 10(3)/μL, CD45(-)/34(+):0.62%, was carried out. Results. All were successfully transplanted without any untoward effect. Over mean followup of 23 months, they had a decreased mean exogenous insulin requirement to 0.63 units/kgBW/day, Hb1Ac to 7.39%, raised serum c-peptide levels to 0.38 ng/mL, and became free of diabetic ketoacidosis events with mean 2.5 Kg weight gain on normal vegetarian diet and physical activities. Conclusion. This is the first report of treating IDDM with insulin-secreting-AD-MSC+CBM safely and effectively with relatively simple techniques. FAU - Vanikar, A V
Antioxidant and antimicrobial capacities of ethanolic extract of Pergularia daemia leaves: a possible substitute in diabetic management.; BACKGROUND: The leaves of Pergularia daemia Forsk (family Asclepidaceae) provide alternative plant-based treatments for the management of diabetes mellitus and diarrhoea in both humans and indigenous poultry species like the Guinea fowls (Numida meleagris). However, no scientific investigations to validate its usefulness in Ghana have been established. This study therefore sought to investigate the anti-hyperglycaemic activity of the 70 % ethanolic extract of P. daemia using streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic male Sprague-Dawley rats. Additionally, the antioxidant and antimicrobial properties of the extract were investigated. METHODS: The total phenolic content, total flavonoids content, radical scavenging activity and reducing power assays were estimated using Folin-Ciocalteu method, aluminium chloride colorimetric assay, Fe3+ reduction assay and 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) radical scavenging assays, respectively. RESULTS: The results showed that P. daemia extract caused anti-hyperglycaemic activity in the STZ-induced rats at doses of 30, 60 and 90 mg/kg body weight with significant reduction in blood glucose levels. The phytosterols, saponins, phenols, alkaloids, tannins and triterpenes found in the extract may be responsible for the observed anti-hyperglycaemia and antioxidant activities. The extract also showed antimicrobial activity against Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis. CONCLUSIONS: These findings justify the folkloric use of P. daemia as an anti-diabetic and antibacterial agents for susceptible species. FAU - Sarkodie, Joseph Adusei
Prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes in Punjab, North India: results from a population screening program.; OBJECTIVE: The World Health Organization (WHO) has in 2013 changed the diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to acknowledge the putative effect of mildly elevated fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels on pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to determine the prevalence and risk factors of GDM comparing the previous WHO 1999 criteria to the WHO 2013 criteria in North India. METHODS: In a population-based screening programme, 5100 randomly selected North Indian women were studied using a cross-sectional design with a questionnaire, venous FPG and 2-h capillary plasma glucose (PG) after a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test performed between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. RESULTS: The prevalence of GDM was 35% using WHO 2013 criteria vs 9% using WHO 1999 criteria. FPG measurements identified 94% of WHO 2013 GDM cases as opposed to 11% of WHO 1999 GDM cases. In contrast, 2-h PG measurements identified only 13% of WHO 2013 GDM cases compared with 96% of the WHO 1999 GDM cases. Using logistic regression with backward elimination, urban habitat, illiteracy, non-vegetarianism, increased BMI, Hindu religion and low adult height were all independent risk factors of GDM using the 1999 criteria, whereas only urban habitat, low adult height and increased age were independent risk factors of GDM using the 2013 criteria. CONCLUSIONS: Intervention studies are needed to justify the WHO 2013 GDM criteria increasing the prevalence four fold to include more than one third of North Indian pregnant women.
Dietary patterns associated with inflammatory biomarkers in a Northern German population.; PURPOSE: The aim of the present study was to derive overall and sex-specific dietary patterns associated with inflammatory biomarkers in a general population sample from Northern Germany. METHODS: The present analysis included 1158 participants (477 men, 681 women, mean age: 53.1 years; mean body mass index: 26.2 kg/m(2)) of the Food Chain Plus (FoCus) cohort in Kiel, Germany. Participants completed a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and provided blood samples. Reduced rank regression with C-reactive protein (CRP) and Interleukin 6 (IL-6) as response variables was used to derive dietary patterns. After a mean follow-up of 1.7 years, a second blood sample was obtained in a subsample of 112 individuals. Multiple regression models were used to examine the association between dietary patterns at baseline and inflammatory biomarkers at follow-up. RESULTS: The overall pattern characterised by high intakes of soft drinks, meat, potatoes and sauce, and low intakes of other cereals (except pasta/rice), wine, nuts, seeds, vegetarian dishes, vegetable oil, and fish was positively associated with CRP (OR 2.20; 95% CI 1.12, 4.35) and IL-6 (OR 3.14; 95% CI 1.26, 7.87) at follow-up. In men, the dietary pattern was higher in soft drinks, processed meat and low in cereals and plant-based fats. In women, the pattern was characterised by soft drinks, meat, vegetables and low in other cereals, wine, nuts, and seeds. The association between sex-specific patterns with inflammatory biomarkers was weaker for CRP. CONCLUSION: We identified dietary patterns positively associated with established biomarkers of chronic low-grade inflammation. FAU - Barbaresko, Janett
Hypoglycemic effect of Du-zhong (Eucommia ulmoides Oliv.) leaves in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; The current study investigated whether Du-zhong (Eucommia ulmoides Oliv.) leaves could improve the hyperglycemia in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats. Male Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into a non-diabetic group (NDM), diabetic group (DM), diabetic group supplemented with powdered Du-zhong leaves (DM-PDZ) and diabetic group supplemented with a water extract of the powdered Du-zhong leaves (DM-WDZ). Diabetes was induced by injecting STZ (70 mg/kg B.W., i.p.). The powdered Du-zhong leaves or its powdered water extract was add to a standard diet based on 1% dried Du-zhong leaves (1 g PDZ/100 g diet and 0.187 g WDZ/100 g diet, respectively) for 3 weeks. Body weight was significantly higher in both types of Du-zhong leaves supplemented groups than in the DM group. The blood glucose levels were significantly lower in the DM-PDZ and DM-WDZ groups than in the DM group (20.05+/-0.88 and 18.96+/-1.23 mmol/l versus 24.42+/-1.07 mmol/l, P<0.05), whereas the plasma insulin and C-peptide levels were significantly higher in the PDZ and WDZ supplemented groups than in the DM group (7.45+/-0.27 and 7.62+/-0.69 microl U/ml versus 3.75+/-0.27 microl U/ml for the plasma insulin, and 224.52+/-14.6 and 239.76+/-15.52 pmol/l versus 166.5+/-10.4 pmol/l for the plasma C-peptide, respectively, P<0.05). The supplementation of PDZ and WDZ also resulted in lower plasma urea nitrogen levels compared to the DM group. Du-zhong leaves supplement seemed to be helpful to preserve the normal histological appearance of pancreatic islets as well as to preserve insulin-positive beta-cells but it did not reverse the effect of STZ to a great extent. Accordingly, the reduction in plasma glucose by the powdered Du-zhong leaves and its water extract is quite small but significant, nevertheless, this was occurred with simultaneous the increase in plasma insulin and C-peptide. They improved hyperglycemia and seemingly enhance the function of pancreatic beta-cells in STZ-induced diabetic rats. FAU - Lee, Mi-Kyung
International conference on the healthy effect of virgin olive oil.; 1. Ageing represents a great concern in developed countries because the number of people involved and the pathologies related with it, like atherosclerosis, morbus Parkinson, Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia, cognitive decline, diabetes and cancer. 2. Epidemiological studies suggest that a Mediterranean diet (which is rich in virgin olive oil) decreases the risk of cardiovascular disease. 3. The Mediterranean diet, rich in virgin olive oil, improves the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as the lipoprotein profile, blood pressure, glucose metabolism and antithrombotic profile. Endothelial function, inflammation and oxidative stress are also positively modulated. Some of these effects are attributed to minor components of virgin olive oil. Therefore, the definition of the Mediterranean diet should include virgin olive oil. 4. Different observational studies conducted in humans have shown that the intake of monounsaturated fat may be protective against age-related cognitive decline and Alzheimer's disease. 5. Microconstituents from virgin olive oil are bioavailable in humans and have shown antioxidant properties and capacity to improve endothelial function. Furthermore they are also able to modify the haemostasis, showing antithrombotic properties. 6. In countries where the populations fulfilled a typical Mediterranean diet, such as Spain, Greece and Italy, where virgin olive oil is the principal source of fat, cancer incidence rates are lower than in northern European countries. 7. The protective effect of virgin olive oil can be most important in the first decades of life, which suggests that the dietetic benefit of virgin olive oil intake should be initiated before puberty, and maintained through life. 8. The more recent studies consistently support that the Mediterranean diet, based in virgin olive oil, is compatible with a healthier ageing and increased longevity. However, despite the significant advances of the recent years, the final proof about the specific mechanisms and contributing role of the different components of virgin olive oil to its beneficial effects requires further investigations. FAU - Perez-Jimenez, F
Plants, diet, and health.; Chronic disease is a major social challenge of the twenty-first century. In this review, we examine the evidence for discordance between modern diets and those on which humankind evolved as the cause of the increasing incidence of chronic diseases, and the evidence supporting consumption of plant foods as a way to reduce the risk of chronic disease. We also examine the evidence for avoiding certain components of plant-based foods that are enriched in Western diets, and review the mechanisms by which different phytonutrients are thought to reduce the risk of chronic disease. This body of evidence strongly suggests that consuming more fruits and vegetables could contribute both to medical nutrition therapies, as part of a package of treatments for conditions like type 2 diabetes, heart disease, cancer, and obesity, and to the prevention of these diseases. Plant science should be directed toward improving the quality of plant-based foods by building on our improved understanding of the complex relationships between plants, our diet, and our health. FAU - Martin, Cathie
Adherence to a priori dietary indexes and baseline prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in the PREDIMED-Plus randomised trial.; PURPOSE: Cardiovascular disease remains the global leading cause of death. We evaluated at baseline the association between the adherence to eight a priori high-quality dietary scores and the prevalence of individual and clustered cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) in the PREDIMED-Plus cohort. METHODS: All PREDIMED-Plus participants (6874 men and women aged 55-75 years, with overweight/obesity and metabolic syndrome) were assessed. The prevalence of 4 CVRF (hypertension, obesity, diabetes, and dyslipidaemia), using standard diagnoses criteria, were considered as outcomes. The adherence to eight a priori-defined dietary indexes was calculated. Multivariable models were fitted to estimate differences in mean values of factors and prevalence ratios for individual and clustered CVRF. RESULTS: Highest conformity to any dietary pattern did not show inverse associations with hypertension. The modified Mediterranean Diet Score (PR = 0.95; 95% CI 0.90-0.99), Mediterranean Diet Adherence Score (MEDAS) (PR = 0.94; 95% CI 0.89-0.98), the pro-vegetarian dietary pattern (PR = 0.95; 95% CI 0.90-0.99) and the Alternate Healthy Eating Index 2010 (PR = 0.92; 95% CI 0.87-0.96) were inversely associated with prevalence of obesity. We identified significant inverse trend among participants who better adhered to the MEDAS and the Prime Diet Quality Score (PDQS) in the mean number of CVRF across categories of adherence. Better adherence to several high-quality dietary indexes was associated with better blood lipid profiles and anthropometric measures. CONCLUSIONS: Highest adherence to dietary quality indexes, especially Mediterranean-style and PDQS scores, showed marginal associations with lower prevalence of individual and clustered CVRF among elderly adults with metabolic syndrome at high risk of cardiovascular disease. FAU - Alvarez-Alvarez, Ismael
Comparative analysis of different biofactories for the production of a major diabetes autoantigen.; The 65-kDa isoform of human glutamic acid decarboxylase (hGAD65) is a major diabetes autoantigen that can be used for the diagnosis and (more recently) the treatment of autoimmune diabetes. We previously reported that a catalytically-inactive version (hGAD65mut) accumulated to tenfold higher levels than its active counterpart in transgenic tobacco plants, providing a safe and less expensive source of the protein compared to mammalian production platforms. Here we show that hGAD65mut is also produced at higher levels than hGAD65 by transient expression in Nicotiana benthamiana (using either the pK7WG2 or MagnICON vectors), in insect cells using baculovirus vectors, and in bacterial cells using an inducible-expression system, although the latter system is unsuitable because hGAD65mut accumulates within inclusion bodies. The most productive of these platforms was the MagnICON system, which achieved yields of 78.8 μg/g fresh leaf weight (FLW) but this was substantially less than the best-performing elite transgenic tobacco plants, which reached 114.3 μg/g FLW after six generations of self-crossing. The transgenic system was found to be the most productive and cost-effective although the breeding process took 3 years to complete. The MagnICON system was less productive overall, but generated large amounts of protein in a few days. Both plant-based systems were therefore advantageous over the baculovirus-based production platform in our hands. FAU - Avesani, Linda
Anti-diabetic effect of a traditional Chinese medicine formula.; An anti-diabetic TCM formula consisting of Schizandra chinensis Baill. (SC), Coptis chinensis (CC), Psidium guajava L. leaves (PG) and Morus alba L. leaves (MA) was developed based on its α-glucosidase, DPP-4 and AGE inhibitory activities in vitro using response surface methodology (RSM). Then, the in vivo study was carried out to confirm the anti-diabetic function of the formula. RSM results showed that the optimum anti-diabetic TCM formula is the combination SC (3000 μg mL(-1)), CC (80 μg mL(-1)), PG (374.56 μg mL(-1)) and MA (480 μg mL(-1)). For the in vivo study, insulin resistant mice were induced by high-fat/high-sucrose (HF/HS) feeding for 6 weeks. Administration of the developed formula significantly decreased non-fasting blood glucose in the HF/HS diet mice. Moreover, the formula decreased blood glucose levels in the insulin tolerance test. These results indicated that the anti-diabetic mechanism of the formula might be due to decreased insulin resistance. The serum fructosamine level in the high dose group was significantly lower than the HF/HS and normal control groups, indicating that the formula could improve middle term glucose levels and reduce the risk of complications. The contents of berberine and 1-deoxynojirimycin in the formula were 4.7 ± 0.4 and 77.1 ± 1.1 μg mL(-1), respectively. These two compounds can be used as indicators for quality control during production. FAU - Wang, Hsiu-Ju
Barriers to adopting a Mediterranean diet in Northern European adults at high risk of developing cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Strong evidence links the consumption of a Mediterranean diet (MD) with a reduced cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; however, there is uncertainty as to whether non-Mediterranean regions will adopt this diet. The present qualitative research aimed to investigate attitudes towards a MD in individuals at high CVD risk in a Northern European population. This information is needed to inform development of MD interventions in non-Mediterranean high-risk populations. METHODS: Focus groups (n = 12) were held with individuals at high CVD risk from Northern Europe (≥2 CVD risk factors, aged ≥50 years, no established CVD/type 2 diabetes). Attitudes to dietary change towards a MD were explored. Data were analysed using inductive thematic analysis. RESULTS: Sixty-seven adults participated (60% female, mean age 64 years). There was some awareness of the term MD but limited knowledge of its composition. Barriers to general dietary change were evident, including perception of expense, concern over availability, expectation of time commitment, limited knowledge, lack of cooking skills, amount and conflicting nature of media information on diets, changing established eating habits and resistance to dietary change. Barriers specific to MD adoption were also identified, including perceived difficulty living in a colder climate, perceived impact on body weight, acceptability of a MD and cultural differences. CONCLUSIONS: Knowledge of a MD was limited in this Northern European sample at high CVD risk. In addition to general barriers to dietary change, barriers specific to a MD were identified. These findings have implications for the development of interventions aiming to promote MD adoption in non-Mediterranean populations.
Levels of serum cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol, apoproteins A-I and B, and plasma glucose, and prevalence of diastolic hypertension and cigarette smoking in Papua New Guinea highlanders.; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is rare in Papua New Guinea (PNG) highlanders. Fifty-two men and 69 women randomly selected from three rural communities and a low socioeconomic urban community in the Eastern Highlands Province were assessed for hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, diastolic hypertension and cigarette smoking. There was no significant difference between the findings in the rural and urban groups. The mean fasting levels of serum cholesterol, HDL cholesterol and apoproteins A-I and B were significantly lower (p less than 0.001) than those of rural Australians in a comparative study but the serum triglyceride levels were significantly higher in men less than 30 yr and women less than 40 yr of age. There was no significant difference in the serum cholesterol levels in men and women, and the levels of serum cholesterol and triglyceride did not rise with age. The mean fasting levels of plasma glucose were generally lower in PNG subjects and only two (1.7%) had diabetes mellitus. The proportions of highlanders who had diastolic hypertension or who smoked cigarettes were similar to those of Australian populations generally. The low incidence of CHD in PNG highlanders is probably related to the low serum cholesterol and apoprotein B levels, in turn probably related to their basically vegetarian diet and physically active life-style. FAU - Scrimgeour, E M
Enrichment of total flavones and licochalcone A from licorice residues and its hypoglycemic activity.; Industrial processing of glycyrrhizic leads to a lot of residues which are usually threw away randomly or used as feed. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to study licorice residues as a source of bioactive compounds with potentially applications. In this study, the enrichment and purification of total flavones from the licorice residues was achieved by using macroporous resins. The performances and separation characteristics of four selected macroporous resins with different chemical and physical properties were investigated. HPD-100 resin was the most effective, the content of total flavones increased from 50.94% in the original extract to 82.98% in the 80% ethanol fraction (a 1.63-fold increase). Further purification treatment by polyamide resin, licochalcone A with a purity of 80.28% was obtained in a 45% ethanol fraction, and a higher purity (>85%) of licochalcone A can be obtained by single crystallization operation. And hypoglycemic effect of the total flavones from licorice residues on high fat diet and STZ induced diabetic c57 mice was preliminary investigated. The results showed: the fasting blood glucose of mice in the low and medium dose total flavones group decreased significantly. The proposed technique is uncomplicated, easily managed, cost-effective, and environmentally friendly and is proper for both large-scale licorice residues application and waste management.
Long-term adherence to the Mediterranean diet reduces the prevalence of hyperuricaemia in elderly individuals, without known cardiovascular disease: the Ikaria study.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of adherence to Mediterranean diet on serum uric acid (UA) levels in elderly individuals, without known cardiovascular disease. METHODS: During 2009, 281 females (75±6 years old) and 257 males (75±7 years old) permanent inhabitants of the island, were voluntarily enrolled. A diet score that assesses the inherent characteristics of the Mediterranean diet (MedDietScore, range 0-55) was applied. Serum levels of UA were determined using an enzymatic colorimetric test through the uricase-peroxidase method. Hyperuricaemia was defined as UA>7 mg/dL in males and 6 mg/dL in females. RESULTS: Prevalence of hyperuricaemia was 34% in males and 25% in females (p=0.02). Mean level of adherence to the Mediterranean diet was 35±2. Linear regression analysis revealed that MedDietScore was inversely associated with UA levels (b±SE: -1.48±0.17, p<0.001) in the overall sample, after controlling for hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus, creatinine clearance, physical activity, and coffee consumption. When the analysis was stratified by gender, MedDietScore was inversely associated with UA levels in males (b±SE: -1.10±0.42, p=0.009), but not in females (b±SE: 0.04±0.41, p=0.92). CONCLUSION: Another cardioprotective effect of Mediterranean diet was revealed, through the modification of UA levels in elderly individuals. The potential different effect size as regards the relationship between diet and UA levels between genders, deserves further investigation.
The Mediterranean diet: a matter of history, tradition, culture and health.; We can state that unhealthy diets are among the top 10 causes of mortality in Western countries. The Mediterranean diet is gaining popularity because it encourages weight loss, improving the quality of life by offering a variety of healthy and palatable foods. Moreover, it ensures adequate intake of fruits, vegetables, nuts, fish, fibers, legumes, cereals and olive oil, which have been associated with a longer lifespan of people thanks to their anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. Thus the Mediterranean diet could act as therapy in inflammatory diseases including cardiovascular disease, obesity, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and chronic renal failure. FAU - Vernaglione, Luigi
Cuisine: Hangzhou foods and their role in community health and nutrition.; Regional diets and associated cuisines and their contribution to overall regional nutrition are increasingly being scrutinized by scientists for their relationships to human health. The Hangzhou region in China has lower mortality rates associated with cardiovascular disease, lower incidences of diabetes mellitus and better blood pressure in the local population and the links between these lower rates of disease and the traditional regional cuisine are a source of interest. Zhejiang is located on the East Coast of China. The Northern part is well known for the extensive network of channels that produce a vast array of aquatic foods. The South West region and its extensive foothills are known for the production of rare and expensive venison and many types of fungi. The region is also known for the production of over ten different types of edible bamboos. The cuisine also involves many different types of green vegetables that accompany every meal. The best way to describe Hangzhou cuisine is the wide use of southern ingredients cooked in the typical northern manner. This combination leads to a unique taste combining the dainty and the smooth, the crisp and the tender, the simple and the elegant, the small and the exquisite. Overall the cuisine is known for it's low saturated fat and high PUFA, particularly long-chain omega-3 PUFA and fibre. There is extensive use of plant based foods high in complex phytochemicals and trace elements. This combination leads to a balanced nutrition that contributes to the community health in Hangzhou. FAU - Li, Duo
Chromium Exposure and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in High Cardiovascular Risk Subjects　- Nested Case-Control Study in the Prevention With Mediterranean Diet (PREDIMED) Study.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological data on chromium (Cr) exposure and the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) are still limited. Toenail Cr level (TCL) provides a time-integrated measure reflecting long-term Cr exposure. We measured TCL to assess the hypothesis that long-term Cr exposure was inversely associated with incident CVD in a population at high risk for CVD.Methods and Results:The associations between TCL and CVD were evaluated in a case-control study nested within the "PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea" (PREDIMED) trial. We randomly selected 147 of the 288 patients diagnosed with CVD during follow-up and matched them on age and sex to 271 controls. Instrumental neutron activation analysis was used to assess TCL. In-person interviews, medical record reviews, and validated questionnaires were used to assess covariates. The fully adjusted OR for the highest vs. lowest quartile of toenail Cr was 0.54 (95% CI: 0.26-1.14; P(trend)=0.189) for the nested case-control study. On stratification for diabetes mellitus (DM), OR was 1.37 (95% CI: 0.54-3.46; P(trend)=0.364) for the DM group, and 0.25 (95% CI: 0.08-0.80; P(trend)=0.030) for the non-DM group (P for interaction=0.078). CONCLUSIONS: The present findings, although not statistically significant, are consistent with previously reported inverse associations between TCL and CVD. These results, especially for non-DM patients, increase the limited epidemiological knowledge about the possible protective role of Cr against CVD. (Trial registration: www.controlled-trials.com; ISRCTN35739639.). FAU - Gutiérrez-Bedmar, Mario
Cancer and Mediterranean Diet: A Review. LID - 10.3390/nu11092059 [doi] LID - 2059; The Mediterranean diet is considered one of the most worldwide healthy dietary patterns thanks to a combination of foods rich mainly in antioxidants and anti-inflammatory nutrients. Many studies have demonstrated a strong and inverse relationship between a high level of Mediterranean diet adherence and some chronic diseases (such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, etc.) and cancer. Given its protective effects in reducing oxidative and inflammatory processes of cells and avoiding DNA damages, cell proliferation, and their survival, angiogenesis, inflammations and metastasis, the Mediterranean diet is considered a powerful and manageable method to fight cancer incidence. The aim of this narrative review was to determine the magnitude of interaction between the Mediterranean diet and more widespread types of cancer so as to give a first and useful overview on this relationship identifying, with a nutritional approach, those nutrients of Mediterranean diet able to reduce cancer incidence. FAU - Mentella, Maria Chiara
The Mediterranean diet: science and practice.; OBJECTIVE: To provide an overview of research relevant to the Mediterranean diet. DESIGN: Personal perspectives. SETTING: International. SUBJECT: Populations in Europe, North America, Asia. RESULTS: Approximately 50 years ago, Keys and colleagues described strikingly low rates of coronary heart disease in the Mediterranean region, where fat intake was relatively high but largely from olive oil. Subsequent controlled feeding studies have shown that compared to carbohydrate, both monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats reduce LDL and triglycerides and increase HDL cholesterol. Importantly, these beneficial metabolic effects are greater in the presence of underlying insulin resistance. In a detailed analysis within the Nurses' Health Study, trans fat from partially hydrogenated vegetable oils (absent in traditional Mediterranean diets) was most strongly related to risk of heart disease, and both polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fat were inversely associated with risk. Epidemiologic evidence has also supported beneficial effects of higher intakes of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, fish, and daily consumption of moderate amounts of alcohol. Together with regular physical activity and not smoking, our analyses suggest that over 80% of coronary heart disease, 70% of stroke, and 90% of type 2 diabetes can be avoided by healthy food choices that are consistent with the traditional Mediterranean diet. CONCLUSION: Both epidemiologic and metabolic studies suggest that individuals can benefit greatly by adopting elements of Mediterranean diets. FAU - Willett, Walter C
Effects of lifestyle modification on central artery stiffness in metabolic syndrome subjects with pre-hypertension and/or pre-diabetes.; AIMS: To examine the effects of a 24-week lifestyle intervention prescribed by family doctors on carotid artery stiffness in metabolic syndrome (MS) subjects with pre-hypertension and/or pre-diabetes. METHODS: Sixty-three middle-aged and older subjects with pre-hypertension and/or pre-diabetes were divided into subjects without MS (MS-) and with MS (MS+). MS components and carotid artery stiffness by ultrasound were determined at baseline, at 8 weeks, and following the 24 weeks of lifestyle intervention. Family doctors prescribed an individually customized lifestyle prescription for aerobic exercise and Mediterranean-style diet. RESULTS: Carotid artery distensibility significantly increased in MS+ following the 24 weeks of intervention compared with baseline (0.191+/-0.012 vs. 0.143+/-0.011, 1/mmHg x 10(-2), p<0.05). Similarly, beta stiffness index decreased in MS+ following the 24 weeks of intervention (9.8+/-1.1 vs. 12.5+/-1.1 AU, p<0.05). Following the intervention, waist circumference, BP and fasting glucose levels reduced in MS+ (all p<0.05), and 13 MS+ subjects were free from MS. CONCLUSIONS: The results show the reduction of carotid artery stiffness and the improvement of some MS components in MS subjects, suggesting a favorable effect of our lifestyle modification strategy on central artery stiffness as well as MS components in MS subjects. FAU - Aizawa, Kunihiko
Leaves of Lippia triphylla improve hepatic lipid metabolism via activating AMPK to regulate lipid synthesis and degradation.; Diabetes is a chronic disease associated with triglyceride metabolism disorder, being an etiological factor in fatty liver disease, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases. Diet-based therapy including energy balance and herbal supplements is a suitable approach to ameliorate progression of the disease. Leaves of Lippia triphylla (lemon verbena) from the family Verbenaceae are a foodstuff used as a tea drink or cooking seasoning, with confirmed safety during long-term use. We report herein the regulatory effect of L. triphylla extract (LTE) and its major compound acteoside (ACT) on abnormal liver lipid metabolism. Both LTE and ACT administration significantly decreased serum and hepatic lipid content, increased the phosphorylation level of the energy metabolism moderator adenosine 5'-monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK), and reduced two major markers of lipid synthesis, viz. acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC) and fatty acid synthase (FAS), with an obvious enhancement in ACC phosphorylation. Furthermore, ACT promoted lipolysis and fatty acid oxidation by increasing messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL) and carnitine palmitoyltransferase (CPT)-1. These results provide scientific evidence for the development of functional foods containing L. triphylla extract and acteoside for treatment of diabetes-associated lipid metabolism disorder. FAU - Zhang, Yi
The Secrets of the Mediterranean Diet. Does [Only] Olive Oil Matter? LID - 10.3390/nu11122941 [doi] LID - 2941; Diet plays a key role in the maintenance and optimal functioning of immune cells. The Mediterranean dietary pattern is an example of a prudent choice of lifestyle and scientifically accepted to help preserve human health by protecting against major chronic and inflammatory diseases. Mediterranean diets (MedDiets) are characteristically high in the consumption of fruits, vegetables and salad, bread and whole grain cereals, potatoes, legumes/beans, nuts, and seeds. Their common central feature is the usage of olive oil as the main source of fat. The health benefits attributed to olive oil are specifically related to extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) intake with its high nutritional quality and multiple positive effects on health. Overall, MedDiets have direct (mono-unsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs), tocopherols, polyphenols) and indirect (low saturated fats, well-balanced linoleic/alpha linolenic acid) effects on the immune system and inflammatory responses. In the present paper, we summarize the current knowledge on the effect of olive oil per se and MedDiets generally on immune-mediated and inflammatory diseases, such as coronary heart disease (CHD)/cardiovascular diseases (CVD), obesity, type-2 diabetes, cancer, asthma, and allergies. FAU - Mazzocchi, Alessandra
Impacts of plant-based foods in ancestral hominin diets on the metabolism and function of gut microbiota in vitro.; Ancestral human populations had diets containing more indigestible plant material than present-day diets in industrialized countries. One hypothesis for the rise in prevalence of obesity is that physiological mechanisms for controlling appetite evolved to match a diet with plant fiber content higher than that of present-day diets. We investigated how diet affects gut microbiota and colon cells by comparing human microbial communities with those from a primate that has an extreme plant-based diet, namely, the gelada baboon, which is a grazer. The effects of potato (high starch) versus grass (high lignin and cellulose) diets on human-derived versus gelada-derived fecal communities were compared in vitro. We especially focused on the production of short-chain fatty acids, which are hypothesized to be key metabolites influencing appetite regulation pathways. The results confirmed that diet has a major effect on bacterial numbers, short-chain fatty acid production, and the release of hormones involved in appetite suppression. The potato diet yielded greater production of short-chain fatty acids and hormone release than the grass diet, even in the gelada cultures, which we had expected should be better adapted to the grass diet. The strong effects of diet on hormone release could not be explained, however, solely by short-chain fatty acid concentrations. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy found changes in additional metabolites, including betaine and isoleucine, that might play key roles in inhibiting and stimulating appetite suppression pathways. Our study results indicate that a broader array of metabolites might be involved in triggering gut hormone release in humans than previously thought. IMPORTANCE: One theory for rising levels of obesity in western populations is that the body's mechanisms for controlling appetite evolved to match ancestral diets with more low-energy plant foods. We investigated this idea by comparing the effects of diet on appetite suppression pathways via the use of gut bacterial communities from humans and gelada baboons, which are modern-day primates with an extreme diet of low-energy plant food, namely, grass. We found that diet does play a major role in affecting gut bacteria and the production of a hormone that suppresses appetite but not in the direction predicted by the ancestral diet hypothesis. Also, bacterial products were correlated with hormone release that were different from those normally thought to play this role. By comparing microbiota and diets outside the natural range for modern humans, we found a relationship between diet and appetite pathways that was more complex than previously hypothesized on the basis of more-controlled studies of the effects of single compounds.
Intestinal α-glucosidase and some pancreatic enzymes inhibitory effect of hydroalcholic extract of Moringa stenopetala leaves.; BACKGROUND: Moringa stenopetala has been used in traditional health systems to treat diabetes mellitus. One of the successful methods to prevent of the onset of diabetes is to control postprandial hyperglycemia by the inhibition of α-glucosidase and pancreatic α-amylase activities, resulting in the aggressive delay of the carbohydrate digestion of absorbable monosaccharides. The aim of the present study is to investigate the effect of the extract of the leaves of Moringa stenopetala on α-glucosidase, pancreatic α-amylase, pancreatic lipase, and pancreatic cholesterol esterase activities, and, therefore find out the relevance of the plant in controlling blood sugar and lipid levels. METHODS: The dried leaves of Moringa stenopetala were extracted with hydroalcoholic solvent and dried using rotary vapor under reduced pressure. The dried extracts were determined for the total phenolic compounds, flavonoid content and condensed tannins content by using Folin-Ciocateu's reagent, AlCl3 and vanillin assay, respectively. The dried extract of plant-based food was further quantified with respect to intestinal α-glucosidase (maltase and sucrase) inhibition and pancreatic α-amylase inhibition by glucose oxidase method and dinitrosalicylic (DNS) reagent, respectively. RESULTS: The phytochemical analysis indicated that flavonoid, total phenolic, and condensed tannin contents in the extract were 71.73 ± 2.48 mg quercetin equivalent/g of crude extract, 79.81 ± 2.85 mg of gallic acid equivalent/g of crude extract, 8.82 ± 0.77 mg catechin equivalent/g of crude extract, respectively. The extract inhibited intestinal sucrase more than intestinal maltase with IC50 value of 1.47 ± 0.19 mg/ml. It also slightly inhibited pancreatic α-amylase, pancreatic lipase and pancreatic cholesterol esterase. CONCLUSION: The result demonstrated the beneficial biochemical effects of Moringa stenopetala by inhibiting intestinal α-glucosidase, pancreatic cholesterol esterase and pancreatic lipase activities. A daily supplement intake of the leaves of Moringa stenopetala may help in reducing hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. FAU - Toma, Alemayehu
The impact of a healthy lifestyle on Disability-Adjusted Life Years: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The association between single health behaviours and incidence of and premature mortality from major chronic diseases, including myocardial infarction, stroke, diabetes mellitus, and cancer, has been demonstrated thoroughly. However, the association of several healthy behaviours with Disability-Adjusted Life Years (DALYs), which is a measure for total health combining Years Lost due to Disability and the Years of Life Lost due to premature mortality, has not been studied yet. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted among 33,066 healthy men and women aged 20 to 70 years recruited into the EPIC-NL study during 1993 to 1997. Participants' smoking status, BMI, physical activity, and adherence to a Mediterranean-style diet (excluding alcohol) were investigated separately and combined into a simple health behaviour score ranging from 0 to 4. Participants were followed until the end of 2007 for occurrence of and mortality from the most important chronic diseases. The association between lifestyle (separate lifestyle factors and a simple health behaviour score) and DALYs were adjusted for relevant confounders. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 12.4 years, 6,647 disease incidences and 1,482 deaths were documented. Non-smoking, low BMI (BMI <25), being physically active, and adherence to a Mediterranean diet were all associated with a significantly lower disease burden. Persons adhering to all four healthy lifestyle characteristics lived a minimum of 2 years longer in good health (DALYs: -2.13; 95% CI: -2.65 to -1.62) than persons with none. Due to our non-extinct cohort, the total number of DALYs, and consequently the estimates, is underestimated. Therefore, true lifetime health benefits of a healthy lifestyle will be even larger. CONCLUSIONS: Non-smoking, a low BMI, being physically active, and adherence to a Mediterranean diet were associated with a lower disease burden. Each additional healthy lifestyle factor contributed to a longer life in good health. FAU - May, Anne M
Moderate Protein Restriction in Advanced CKD: A Feasible Option in An Elderly, High-Comorbidity Population. A Stepwise Multiple-Choice System Approach. LID - 10.3390/nu11010036 [doi] LID - 36; BACKGROUND: Protein restriction may retard the need for renal replacement therapy; compliance is considered a barrier, especially in elderly patients. METHODS: A feasibility study was conducted in a newly organized unit for advanced kidney disease; three diet options were offered: normalization of protein intake (0.8 g/kg/day of protein); moderate protein restriction (0.6 g/kg/day of protein) with a "traditional" mixed protein diet or with a "plant-based" diet supplemented with ketoacids. Patients with protein energy wasting (PEW), short life expectancy or who refused were excluded. Compliance was estimated by Maroni-Mitch formula and food diary. RESULTS: In November 2017⁻July 2018, 131 patients started the program: median age 74 years (min⁻max 24-101), Charlson Index (CCI): 8 (min-max: 2⁻14); eGFR 24 mL/min (4⁻68); 50.4% were diabetic, BMI was ≥ 30 kg/m² in 40.4%. Normalization was the first step in 75 patients (57%, age 78 (24⁻101), CCI 8 (2⁻12), eGFR 24 mL/min (8⁻68)); moderately protein-restricted traditional diets were chosen by 24 (18%, age 74 (44⁻91), CCI 8 (4⁻14), eGFR 22 mL/min (5⁻40)), plant-based diets by 22 (17%, age 70 (34⁻89), CCI 6.5 (2⁻12), eGFR 15 mL/min (5⁻46)) (p < 0.001). Protein restriction was not undertaken in 10 patients with short life expectancy. In patients with ≥ 3 months of follow-up, median reduction of protein intake was from 1.2 to 0.8 g/kg/day (p < 0.001); nutritional parameters remained stable; albumin increased from 3.5 to 3.6 g/dL (p = 0.037); good compliance was found in 74%, regardless of diets. Over 1067 patient-months of follow-up, 9 patients died (CCI 10 (6⁻12)), 7 started dialysis (5 incremental). CONCLUSION: Protein restriction is feasible by an individualized, stepwise approach in an overall elderly, high-comorbidity population with a baseline high-protein diet and is compatible with stable nutritional status. FAU - Fois, Antioco
1,2,3,4,6 Penta-O-galloyl-β-d-glucose, a bioactivity guided isolated compound from Mangifera indica inhibits 11β-HSD-1 and ameliorates high fat diet-induced diabetes in C57BL/6 mice.; Methanolic leaf extract of Mangifera indica (MEMI) was subjected to bioactivity guided fractionation in order to identify the active antidiabetic constituent. 32 fractions were evaluated for possible 11β-HSD-1 inhibition activity under in vitro conditions. The EA-7/8-9/10-4 fraction was evolved as a most potent fraction among all the fractions and it was identified as well known gallotannin compound 1,2,3,4,6 penta-O-galloyl-β-d-glucose (PGG) by spectral analysis. Based on these results the PGG was further evaluated in ex vivo 11β-HSD-1 inhibition assay and high fat diet (HFD)-induced diabetes in male C57BL/6 mice. Single dose (10, 25, 50 and 100mg/kg) of PGG and carbenoxolone (CBX) have dose dependently inhibited the 11β-HSD-1 activity in liver and adipose tissue. Furthermore, HFD appraisal to male C57BL/6 mice caused severe hyperglycemia, hypertriglyceridemia, elevated levels of plasma corticosterone and insulin, increased liver and white adipose mass with increase in body weight was observed compare to normal control. Also, oral glucose tolerance was significantly impaired compare to normal control. Interestingly, post-treatment with PGG for 21 days had alleviated the HFD-induced biochemical alterations and improved oral glucose tolerance compare to HFD-control. In conclusion, the PGG isolated from MEMI inhibits 11β-HSD-1 activity and ameliorates HFD-induced diabetes in male C57BL/6 mice.
Associations of dietary macronutrients with glomerular filtration rate and kidney dysfunction: Tehran lipid and glucose study.; BACKGROUND: Although dietary components may play a role in the development of chronic kidney disease (CKD), data on this topic are scarce. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between macronutrient intakes and CKD in a large non-diabetic adult population-based study. METHODS: This cross-sectional study recruited 5,316 participants aged ≥27 years without diabetes within the framework of the Tehran lipid and glucose study. Dietary intake was collected using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. Macronutrients intake including total-, animal-, and plant-protein, carbohydrate, simple sugar, fructose, total fat, saturated fatty acids, poly- and monounsaturated-fatty acids (PUFA and MUFA), and n-3 and n-6 fatty acids was categorized into quartiles. Anthropometrics, blood pressure, serum creatinine, and fasting plasma glucose and lipids were measured. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease Study equation. CKD was defined as eGFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). RESULT: Mean age of participants was 45.0 ± 12.2 years. Mean eGFR was 71.9 ± 11.1 ml/min/1.73 m(2), and 13% had CKD. After adjustment for serum triglycerides and cholesterol, body mass index, and hypertension, the risk of CKD decreased in the highest quartile compared to lowest quartile of plant protein (OR, 95% CI) (0.70, 0.51-0.97), PUFA (0.73, 0.55-0.99), and n-6 fatty acids (0.75, 0.57-0.97). However, the risk of CKD increased in the highest quartile of animal protein (1.37, 1.05-1.79) compared to the lowest. CONCLUSION: Plant protein, PUFA, and n-6 fatty acids are associated with a lower risk of CKD, independently of hypertension and diabetic mellitus, while animal protein may be a risk factor for CKD in adults. FAU - Yuzbashian, Emad
Gene expression changes in mononuclear cells in patients with metabolic syndrome after acute intake of phenol-rich virgin olive oil.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown that acute intake of high-phenol virgin olive oil reduces pro-inflammatory, pro-oxidant and pro-thrombotic markers compared with low phenols virgin olive oil, but it still remains unclear whether effects attributed to its phenolic fraction are exerted at transcriptional level in vivo. To achieve this goal, we aimed at identifying expression changes in genes which could be mediated by virgin olive oil phenol compounds in the human. RESULTS: Postprandial gene expression microarray analysis was performed on peripheral blood mononuclear cells during postprandial period. Two virgin olive oil-based breakfasts with high (398 ppm) and low (70 ppm) content of phenolic compounds were administered to 20 patients suffering from metabolic syndrome following a double-blinded, randomized, crossover design. To eliminate the potential effect that might exist in their usual dietary habits, all subjects followed a similar low-fat, carbohydrate rich diet during the study period. Microarray analysis identified 98 differentially expressed genes (79 underexpressed and 19 overexpressed) when comparing the intake of phenol-rich olive oil with low-phenol olive oil. Many of these genes seem linked to obesity, dyslipemia and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Among these, several genes seem involved in inflammatory processes mediated by transcription factor NF-kappaB, activator protein-1 transcription factor complex AP-1, cytokines, mitogen-activated protein kinases MAPKs or arachidonic acid pathways. CONCLUSION: This study shows that intake of virgin olive oil based breakfast, which is rich in phenol compounds is able to repress in vivo expression of several pro-inflammatory genes, thereby switching activity of peripheral blood mononuclear cells to a less deleterious inflammatory profile. These results provide at least a partial molecular basis for reduced risk of cardiovascular disease observed in Mediterranean countries, where virgin olive oil represents a main source of dietary fat. Admittedly, other lifestyle factors are also likely to contribute to lowered risk of cardiovascular disease in this region. FAU - Camargo, Antonio
Current evidence on the association of the metabolic syndrome and dietary patterns in a global perspective.; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a key indicator of two main causes of death worldwide: CVD and diabetes. The present paper aimed to perform a review of the population-based research on the association of dietary patterns and the MetS in terms of methodology and findings. For the purpose of the present study, a scoping literature review was conducted using MEDLINE and EMBASE databases and hand searching in Google Scholar. Thirty-nine population-based studies were selected. Most of these studies used the factor analysis method and the a priori dietary approach, which had been initially extracted via a posteriori methods such as using the Mediterranean dietary pattern. The main finding was that following the Mediterranean or similar 'healthy' pattern reduced risk of the MetS, while following a 'Western' pattern increased risk of the MetS. The methodological approach in determining the dietary pattern of a population, whether a priori or a posteriori, should be chosen based on the purpose of the research. Overall, evidence suggests a diet based on the components of the Mediterranean diet and the avoidance of the 'Western' diet can aid in preventing the MetS. FAU - Hosseini, Zeinab
The Mediterranean diet, hepatic steatosis and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to present the pathophysiological mechanisms and most recent clinical evidence regarding the role of the Mediterranean diet in preventing and treating nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). RECENT FINDINGS: Several components of the Mediterranean diet have proven benefits in controlling the pathophysiological mechanisms involved in NAFLD. However, the few clinical studies that have assessed the diet have involved low numbers of patients and lacked methodological rigor. The results of these studies suggest that the Mediterranean diet attenuates the progression of NAFLD once it is established, but does not contribute to preventing the disease in patients at risk. SUMMARY: Although there is a lack of clinical evidence derived from studies with high-quality methodology, the pathophysiological mechanisms of NAFLD shared with other associated pathologies suggest that there is a role for the Mediterranean diet in managing NAFLD. Studies with better methodology are needed to confirm the impact of the diet. FAU - Velasco, Nicolás
Quantifying the mediating effect of body mass index on the relation between a Mediterranean diet and development of maternal pregnancy complications: the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.; BACKGROUND: The contribution of body mass index (BMI) to the observed associations between dietary patterns and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to formally quantify the mediating effect of prepregnancy BMI in these associations. DESIGN: Women (aged 25-30 y) participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health were not pregnant at baseline in 2003 and reported ≥1 pregnancy up to 2012. GDM and HDP diagnoses were self-reported for each pregnancy and validated in a subset. A Mediterranean diet score was created by use of a baseline-validated food-frequency questionnaire and dichotomized to reflect low adherence (<25th percentile) and higher adherence (≥25th percentile). A causal inference framework for mediation analysis was used to estimate total, natural direct, and natural indirect effects of the prepregnancy Mediterranean diet on incident GDM and HDP and proportions mediated through prepregnancy BMI. RESULTS: In 3378 women without a history of diabetes, 240 (7.1%) developed GDM. HDP was reported in 273 (8.6%) of 3167 women with no history of hypertension. Low adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with higher risk of GDM (OR: 1.35; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.60) and HDP (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.18, 1.56), after adjustment for education, parity, polycystic ovary syndrome, energy intake, and physical activity. Proportions mediated through prepregnancy BMI (per 1-kg/m(2) increase) were 32% and 22% for GDM and HDP, respectively. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that prepregnancy BMI as a single mediator contributes substantially to the total effects of the prepregnancy Mediterranean diet on GDM and HDP risk.
Inhibitory Effects of Solvent-Partitioned Fractions of Two Nigerian Herbs (Spondias mombin Linn. and Mangifera indica L.) on α-Amylase and α-Glucosidase. LID - 10.3390/antiox7060073 [doi] LID - 73; Therapies directed towards controlling hyperglycemia, the hallmark of type-2 diabetes mellitus, go a long way in managing diabetes and its related complications. Reducing glucose level through the inhibition of the relevant carbohydrate hydrolyzing enzymes is one among many routes in the management of diabetes. This study investigates the in vitro enzyme inhibitory and antioxidant properties of solvent-partitioned fractions of Spondias mombin and Mangifera indica leaves; which are used extensively in the treatment of diabetic patients locally. The leaves of S. mombin and M. indica were extracted with methanol and fractionated to obtain n-hexane (HF), ethyl acetate (EAF), n-butanol (BF), and aqueous (AF) fractions successively. The α-amylase and α-glucosidase inhibitory activities of fractions of S. mombin and M. indica leaves were investigated while the antioxidant activity of each fraction was analyzed using iron chelating and ABTS (2,2'-azino-bis(3-ethylbenzothiazoline)-6-sulphonic acid) radical scavenging assay. Our findings indicated that the ethyl acetate fraction of M. indica leaves contained a considerably higher (p < 0.05) amount of total phenolic, flavonoids, metal ion, and ABTS radical scavenging activity than the ethyl acetate fractions of S. mombin. Furthermore, the ethyl acetate fraction of M. indica had a considerably higher (p < 0.05) inhibitory effect on α-glucosidase (IC(50) = 25.11 ± 0.01 μg mL(-1)), and α-amylase (IC(50) = 24.04 ± 0.12 μg mL(-1)) activities than the S. mombin fraction. Hence, the inhibitory activities of S. mombin and M. indica leaves suggest that they are a potential source of orally active antidiabetic agents and could be employed to formulate new plant-based pharmaceutical and nutraceutical drugs to improve human health. FAU - Ojo, Oluwafemi Adeleke
Prevalence of risk factors for cardiovascular disease and their associations with diet and physical activity in suburban Beijing, China.; BACKGROUND: We calculated new prevalences of risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and examined their associations with dietary habits and physical activity in a suburban area of Beijing--one of the most urbanized cities in China. METHODS: In 2007, a cross-sectional survey of a representative sample of 19,003 suburban residents aged 18 to 76 years was conducted. Dietary and anthropometric data were collected by questionnaire, and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, and serum lipids were measured. RESULTS: The age-standardized prevalences of the CVD risk factors overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and metabolic syndrome (MS) were 31.9%, 6.1%, 33.6%, 30.3%, and 11.6%, respectively. The adjusted odd ratios (95% confidence interval [CI]) of overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and MS for participants who were physically active, as compared with those who were not physically active, were 0.67 (0.47 to 0.85), 0.87 (0.80 to 0.95), 0.92 (0.87 to 0.98), 0.89 (0.82 to 0.96), and 0.74 (0.62 to 0.89), respectively. The adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) of hypertension and MS for participants with a high intake of salt, as compared with those without a high intake of salt, were 1.72 (1.29 to 2.03) and 1.48 (1.16 to 1.77), respectively. In addition, participants who consumed a high-fat diet were more likely to be overweight/obese and dyslipidemic, whereas vegetarians had less risk of overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and MS. CONCLUSIONS: In this population of adults living in suburban Beijing, there were relatively high prevalences of the CVD risk factors overweight/obesity, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and MS. Healthy dietary habits and physical activity may reduce the risks of these conditions. FAU - Zhang, Lei
Nuts, cereals, seeds and legumes proteins derived emulsifiers as a source of plant protein beverages: A review.; Milk beverages derived from plant-based protein have attracted the interest of consumers and researchers as a health-promoting functional food. It can also be considered as a substitute for animal milk due to various allergy concerns associated with dairy milk. The plant-based emulsions are directed to prevent diet-related chronic diseases including diabetes, cardiovascular, obesity and other disorders due to the presence of healthy long-chain unsaturated fatty acids as compared to bovine milk. Further, associations between nutritional contents (vitamins, minerals and low fat) and pharmacological properties of plant-based protein may have extra beneficial effects. The review aims to summarize the four different groups of plant sources (nuts, cereals, seeds and legumes) used for the preparation of plant-based milk beverages. In addition, it also provides a detailed review of the general characteristics and functional properties of these plant sources. Physicochemical composition, protein and fats quality, functional properties, effect of heat and high-pressure treatment is also provided in detail. It also covers fats digestibility, protein stability, protein solubility and digestibility. Furthermore, the effect of processing, possible comparative study and potential applications in healthcare have been discussed. FAU - Qamar, Sadia
Polyphenols, intracellular signalling and inflammation.; Excessive inflammation is considered as a critical factor in many human diseases, including cancer, obesity, type II diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases and aging. Compounds derived from botanic sources, such as phenolic compounds, have shown anti-inflammatory activity in vitro and in vivo. Recent data suggest that polyphenols can work as modifiers of signal transduction pathways to elicit their beneficial effects. These natural compounds express anti-inflammatory activity by modulation of pro-inflammatory gene expression such as cyclooxygenase, lipoxygenase, nitric oxide synthases and several pivotal cytokines, mainly by acting through nuclear factor-kappa B and mitogen-activated protein kinase signalling. This review will discuss recent data on the control of inflammatory signalling exerted by some dietary polyphenols contained in Mediterranean diet. A clear understanding of the molecular mechanisms of action of phenolic compounds is crucial in the valuation of these potent molecules as potential prophylactic and therapeutic agents. FAU - Santangelo, Carmela
Nutritional habits of Croatian Island populations--recent insights.; Although Croatia is divided into continental and insular subpopulation which practice different dietary habits, a general shift in nutritional habits has been observed in the direction of globalization, including considerably higher intake of red meat, saturated fatty acids, milk, dairies etc. and accompanied by a decrease in physical activity. These relatively abrupt changes have had an especially significant impact on the insular populations, known for their traditional Mediterranean diet and have led to the increased prevalence of hypertension, metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus, coronary heart diseases etc. on Croatian islands. Since the expression of genes responsible for the occurrence of complex diseases can be enhanced in isolated populations due to the effect of evolutionary forces, genetic-epidemiological research in population isolates is of great importance, giving us insight into the interplay between intrinsic (genes) and extrinsic risk factors (diet) for disease development. FAU - Missoni, Sasa
Health behaviors, chronic disease prevalence and self-rated health of older Asian Indian immigrants in the U.S.; The purpose of this study was to examine the correlates of healthy behaviors and self-rated health in middle-aged and older Asian Indian immigrants in the U.S. Asian Indian men (n=162) and women (n=64), 50 years of age or older completed a telephone survey which collected information regarding demographics, behavioral risk factors, acculturation, perceived control, quality of social support, depression, body mass index, chronic disease prevalence, and self-rated health. Participants' average length of residence in the U.S. was 25 years, 52% were normal weight, 41% were vegetarians, 55% incorporated aerobic activity into daily lifestyle, and only 5% smoked. Hypertension and diabetes were most common chronic diseases (31 and 18%, respectively). Younger age, longer length of residence and a bicultural or more American ethnic identity were associated with greater participation in physical activity. Likewise, higher income, a bicultural or more American ethnic identity and depression were associated with higher fat intake. Poor self-rated health was associated with older age, female gender, BMI>25, satisfaction with social support, and greater number of chronic disease conditions. A multitude of factors influence the practice of healthy behaviors and the perceived health of Asian Indian immigrants, which should be addressed when developing culturally appropriate health promotion interventions. FAU - Jonnalagadda, Satya S
Effect of annatto-extracted tocotrienols and green tea polyphenols on glucose homeostasis and skeletal muscle metabolism in obese male mice.; Skeletal muscle is the major site for glucose uptake and thus plays an important role in initiating insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study evaluated the effects of tocotrienols (TT) and green tea polyphenols (GTP) individually or in combination on glucose homeostasis and skeletal muscle metabolism in obese mice with insulin resistance and elevation of blood glucose. Forty-eight male mice were fed a high-fat diet and assigned to 4 groups in a 2 (no TT vs. 400 mg TT/kg diet) × 2 (no GTP vs. 0.5% vol/wt GTP in water) for 14 weeks. Both GTP and TT improved area under curve of insulin intolerance; while GTP increased serum insulin levels in obese mice, probably due to the addition of sweetener in drinking water. An interaction (TT×GTP) was observed in glucose tolerance test, total pancreas insulin concentration, and citrate synthase activity of soleus in mice. Neither TT nor GTP affected insulin and glucagon protein expression in pancreas based on immunohistochemistry. Both TT and GTP individually increased soleus muscle weight of mice; while only GTP increased gastrocnemius muscle weight of mice. The TT+GTP group had the greatest gastrocnemius muscle cross sectional area than other groups. GTP, not TT, induced cytochrome c oxidase activity and reduced thiobarbituric acid reactive substances levels in soleus muscle. Our results suggest that TT and GTP, individually or synergistically have the potential to improve skeletal muscle metabolism in obese mice by improving glucose homeostasis, reducing lipid peroxidation, and increasing rate limiting enzymes of oxidative phosphorylation.
Mediterranean Diet and Cardiometabolic Diseases in Racial/Ethnic Minority Populations in the United States. LID - 10.3390/nu10030352 [doi] LID - 352; The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) has been recommended to the general population by many scientific organizations as a healthy dietary pattern, based on strong evidence of association with improved cardiometabolic health, including lower risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and obesity. However, most studies have been conducted in Mediterranean or European countries or among white populations in the United States (US), while few exist for non-Mediterranean countries or racial/ethnic minority populations in the US. Because most existing studies evaluating adherence to the MedDiet use population-specific definitions or scores, the reported associations may not necessarily apply to other racial/ethnic populations that may have different distributions of intake. Moreover, racial/ethnic groups may have diets that do not comprise the typical Mediterranean foods captured by these scores. Thus, there is a need to determine if similar positive effects from following a MedDiet are observed in diverse populations, as well as to identify culturally-relevant foods reflected within Mediterranean-like patterns, that can facilitate implementation and promotion of such among broader racial/ethnic groups. In this narrative review, we summarize and discuss the evidence from observational and intervention studies on the MedDiet and cardiometabolic diseases in racial/ethnic minority populations in the US, and offer recommendations to enhance research on MedDiet for such populations. FAU - Sotos-Prieto, Mercedes
Mediterranean dietary pattern adherence: associations with prediabetes, metabolic syndrome, and related microinflammation.; BACKGROUND: The adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (Med Diet) seems to reduce the incidence of metabolic syndrome. The present study aimed to explore whether the adherence to the overall Med Diet pattern and to specific Med Diet items is associated with the presence of metabolic syndrome, impaired fasting glucose (IFG), insulin resistance (IR), and microinflammation in subjects free of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. MEASUREMENTS: Each patient underwent clinical assessment. Adherence to the Med Diet was measured by a previously validated 14-item questionnaire. Metabolic syndrome was defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria; IR was defined by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR); inflammation was assessed through a high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) assay. RESULTS: A total of 120 subjects (64.2% women, mean age 59.8±10.2 years) were enrolled at this study. Subjects with lower Med Diet pattern adherence exhibited higher occurrence of metabolic syndrome and all its components and higher HOMA-IR and hsCRP values (P for all <0.0001). Subjects with metabolic syndrome were less likely to consume olive oil (P=0.002) and vegetables (P=0.023). By multivariable analyses, the overall Med Diet score was found to be strongly and inversely associated with the presence of metabolic syndrome [B=-0.066; 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.105 to -0.028; P=0.001], IFG (B=-0.076; 95% CI -0.114 to -0.038; p<0.0001), high HOMA-IR (B=-0.071; 95% CI -0.108 to -0.034; P<0.0001) and high hsCRP (B=-0.082; 95% CI -0.125 to -0.045; P<0.0001). None of specific Med Diet items independently predicted metabolic syndrome, IFG, and high HOMA-IR. Instead, the consumption of white meat over red meat (B=-0.324; 95% CI -0.467 to -0.178; P<0.0001) was found to be inversely associated with increased hsCRP. CONCLUSIONS: The inverse associations between adherence to Med Diet and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and prediabetes may be due more to the effects of the entire dietary pattern rather than to individual food components. Metabolic syndrome-related microinflammation may further be linked to specific Med Diet components. FAU - Viscogliosi, Giovanni
Food-Cal: development of a controlled database of high and low calorie food matched with non-food pictures.; BACKGROUND: Industrialization has led to more varied and attractive high-calorie foods. Health problems such as obesity and diabetes are partially attributed to eating-related self-regulation difficulties that may be caused by increasingly frequent cues for highly palatable foods. Research studies aim at understanding the factors underlying responses to food cues. This has led to the development of food stimuli databases. However, they present some limitations. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed at providing a controlled set of pictures, including 40 food pictures with high- and low-calorie stimuli, matched with 40 non-food pictures. The second objective was to provide a ready-to-use database with normative data regarding responses and associations between demographic, anthropometric and eating-related characteristics, and picture ratings. PARTICIPANTS: A sample of 264 participants rated the total set of pictures. MEASURES: Attractiveness, arousal and palatability were assessed for each picture, as well as participant's current type of diet, BMI, hunger levels and eating behaviors (uncontrolled and emotional eating). RESULTS: Image characteristics (shape, colors, luminance) were comparable between food and matched non-food pictures. Positive correlations were found between hunger levels and attractiveness, arousal and palatability of food. Uncontrolled and emotional eating was positively correlated with high-calorie food palatability, and uncontrolled eating was positively correlated with high-calorie food attractiveness. Participants who did not report any specific diet rated high-calorie foods as more attractive and arousing, whereas vegan and vegetarian participants assessed low-calorie foods as more attractive and palatable. CONCLUSION: The Food-Cal controlled set of picture database can be considered as a useful tool for experimental research. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Level V, cross-sectional descriptive study. FAU - Shankland, Rebecca
Can diet and lifestyle prevent breast cancer: what is the evidence?; Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women in both developed and less-developed countries. Rates of breast cancer are increasing worldwide, with a particular increase in postmenopausal and estrogen receptor-positive cases. The World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF) and American Cancer Society (ACS) cancer prevention guidelines recommend maintaining a healthy weight, undertaking at least 150 minutes of moderate intensity exercise per week, limiting alcohol consumption, and eating a plant-based diet. Observational data link adherence to physical activity and alcohol guidelines throughout life to a reduced risk of developing pre- and postmenopausal breast cancer. Weight control throughout life appears to prevent cases after menopause. Adherence to a healthy dietary pattern does not have specific effects on breast cancer risk but remains important as it reduces the risk for other common diseases, such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and dementia. Emerging data suggest that smoking during adolescence or early adulthood increases later risk of breast cancer. Lifestyle factors appear to modify risk among high-risk women with a family history and those with typical risk of the general population, although their effects among carriers of BRCA mutations are not well defined. Recent expert reports estimate that successful lifestyle changes could prevent 25% to 30% of cases of breast cancer. These reductions will only be achieved if we can implement targeted prevention programs for high-risk women and women in population-based breast screening programs during childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood when the rapidly developing breast is particularly susceptible to carcinogenesis. FAU - Harvie, Michelle
Olive oil and postprandial hyperlipidemia: implications for atherosclerosis and metabolic syndrome.; Olive oil is the primary source of fat in the Mediterranean diet, which is associated with a significant improvement in health status, as measured by reduced mortality from several chronic diseases. The current pandemic of obesity, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes is intimately associated with an atherogenic dyslipidemic phenotype. The core components of the dyslipidemia of the metabolic syndrome, which most likely initiate atherosclerosis, are the "lipid triad" consisting of high plasma triglycerides, low levels of high-density lipoproteins, and a preponderance of small, dense low-density lipoproteins at fasting. However, postprandial (non-fasting) TGs (postprandial hyperlipidemia) are also recognized as an important component for atherosclerosis. Herein, the purpose of this review was to provide an update on the effects and mechanisms related to olive oil on postprandial hyperlipidemia and its implications for the onset and progression of atherosclerosis and metabolic syndrome. FAU - Montserrat-de la Paz, Sergio
Liquorice and soy sauce, a life-saving concoction in a patient with Addison's disease.; Addison's disease is a relatively common disorder to endocrinologists, but is rare and potentially fatal when presenting acutely. Treatment now involves replacement of glucocorticoids and mineralocorticoids with synthetic compounds, although historically patients took common salt and plant-based preparations. We describe the case of a 42-year-old woman who self-treated undiagnosed Addison's disease for several years with soy sauce and liquorice sticks. She presented with a four-week history of decreased energy, malaise and postural dizziness. Our patient described an unusual diet of liquorice sticks and soy sauce, consuming around 46 g of salt per week. There was a family history of Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Physical examination was unremarkable, although subsequent investigation confirmed Addison's disease. Liquorice provided glycyrrhizic acid and glycyrrhetinic acid, which act on 11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase enzymes. In this case, the net effect was potentiation of glucocorticoid action on renal mineralocorticoid receptors in the context of failing adrenocortical steroid production. The case highlights the importance of taking a dietary history to aid diagnosis. FAU - Cooper, H
Variability in Potency Among Commercial Preparations of Berberine.; Berberine is an isoquinoline alkaloid plant extract that is widely available as a dietary supplement in the United States and has demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and dyslipidemia. Because of its increased use and purported pharmacological properties, potential variations in product quality could pose a barrier to berberine's safety and effectiveness in clinical practice. Thus, this study evaluated the potency of dietary supplements containing berberine available in the U.S. commercial market. Fifteen unique dietary supplements containing berberine were purchased through U.S. dietary supplement vendors. For each product, berberine was extracted from 3 unique capsules and analyzed by ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry. Percentage content based on the product label claim was determined for each product. The average berberine content across the products was found to be 75% ± 25% of the product label claim, with product potency ranging from 33% to 100%. Nine of the 15 tested products (60%) failed to meet the potency standards of 90% to 110% of labeled content claim, as commonly required of pharmaceutical preparations by the U.S. Pharmacopeial Convention. Evaluation of the relationship between product cost and the measured potency failed to demonstrate an association between quality and cost. Variability in product quality may significantly contribute to inconsistencies in the safety and effectiveness of berberine. In addition, the quality of the berberine product cannot be inferred from its cost. FAU - Funk, Ryan S
Results from a practice-based lipid clinic model in achieving low density lipoprotein cholesterol goals.; OBJECTIVE: Lipid clinic models that combine diet and drug therapy have shown significantly better hyperlipidemia management than usual care. The objective is to demonstrate that such a model can be established and utilized in a primary care practice, replicating the results obtained in specialty clinic settings. DESIGN: This study evaluated a "lipid clinic" model for cholesterol management in a primary care setting. SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: Men and women for both the study and control groups were selected from those with abnormal lipid profiles determined during the course of routine healthcare in community internal medicine group practices. INTERVENTION: Control subjects are those selected by chart review from the practices of four general internists. These physicians treated their patients according to "usual practice". Study subjects are those from another general internal medicine practice who volunteered to enroll in that practice-based "lipid clinic". MEASUREMENT & RESULTS: This program demonstrated significant reductions in total and low density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with coronary heart disease, diabetes mellitus, and patients without coronary heart disease defined as high and low risk. It used a specialty clinic-based intervention that included diet, medication, and follow-up by nurses and physicians. Almost 90% of all patients were on appropriate drug therapy and achieved therapeutic goals. CONCLUSION: We believe that a primary care practice-based, lipid clinic model employing physician involvement, diet, maximal drug therapy and patient tracking can result in superior achievement of treatment goals. FAU - Thomas, Harold D
The role of polyphenols in modern nutrition.; Polyphenols are found in plant-based foods and beverages, notably apples, berries, citrus fruit, plums, broccoli, cocoa, tea and coffee and many others. There is substantial epidemiological evidence that a diet high in polyphenol-rich fruit, vegetables, cocoa and beverages protects against developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The absorption and metabolism of these compounds have been well described and, for many, the gut microbiota play a critical role in absorption; taking into consideration the parent compound and the metabolites from colon bacteria catabolism, more than 80% of a dose can be absorbed and ultimately excreted in the urine. Common polyphenols in the diet are flavanols (cocoa, tea, apples, broad beans), flavanones (hesperidin in citrus fruit), hydroxycinnamates (coffee, many fruits), flavonols (quercetin in onions, apples and tea) and anthocyanins (berries). Many intervention studies, mechanistic in vitro data and epidemiological studies support a role for polyphenols against the development of chronic diseases. For example, flavanols decrease endothelial dysfunction, lower blood pressure and cholesterol, and modulate energy metabolism. Coffee and tea both reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, through action of their constituent polyphenols. Despite extensive research, the exact mechanisms of action of polyphenols in the human body have not been decisively proven, but there is strong evidence that some targets such as nitric oxide metabolism, carbohydrate digestion and oxidative enzymes are important for health benefits. Consumption of polyphenols as healthy dietary components is consistent with the advice to eat five or more portions of fruit and vegetables per day, but it is currently difficult to recommend what 'doses' of specific polyphenols should be consumed to derive maximum benefit. FAU - Williamson, G
Leisure-Time Physical Activity and Metabolic Syndrome in Older Adults. LID - 10.3390/ijerph16183358 [doi] LID - 3358; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for cardiovascular disease, atherosclerosis and diabetes mellitus type 2 which may be reduced by practicing regular physical activity. OBJECTIVE: To assess the leisure-time physical activity (LTPA) of older adults with MetS and without MetS. METHODS: Cross-sectional study of older adults (55-80 years old) from Balearic Islands (Spain) with MetS (n = 333; 55% men) and without MetS (n = 144; 43.8% men). LTPA was assessed with the validated Spanish version of the Minnesota LTPA Questionnaire. Two criteria of physically active were used: >150 min/week of moderate physical activity or >75 min/week of vigorous physical activity or a combination of both, and total leisure-time energy expenditure of >300 MET·min/day. Sociodemographic and lifestyle characteristics, anthropometric variables, MetS components, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) were also measured. RESULTS: MetS subjects showed lower energy expenditure in LTPA, lower adherence to the MD, higher obesity and waist circumference, and were less active than non-MetS peers. LTPA increased as participants got older and there was higher LTPA intensity as educational level increased. Adherence to MD was as high as LTPA was. CONCLUSIONS: MetS is associated with physical inactivity and unhealthy diet. To increase LTPA recommendations and raise awareness in the population about the health benefits of PA and high adherence to MD is highly recommended. FAU - Gallardo-Alfaro, Laura
Dietary intervention in the management of prostate cancer.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review integrates recent reports related to the dietary management of prostate cancer with the existing body of science in an effort to best inform practicing clinicians. RECENT FINDINGS: Dietary factors are hypothesized to play a significant role in prostate cancer, and have proven to be important in managing prevalent comorbidities in this patient population (cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and osteoporosis). Data regarding diet and prostate cancer are accumulating and randomized controlled trials are underway which will ultimately yield evidence on which to base recommendations regarding dietary regimens, functional foods, and supplement use. Until that time, most data derive from epidemiologic studies that have limitations in showing cause and effect. During the past year, the greatest and most consistent strides have been made in the area of energy balance, with data consistently showing that overweight and obesity are associated with progressive disease and increased overall mortality. SUMMARY: To date, the strongest evidence regarding diet and prostate cancer relates to energy balance. Urologists aspiring to best clinical practice should encourage their patients to achieve a healthful body weight through regular exercise and a healthful plant-based diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains. Advocating functional foods or supplements explicitly for cancer control purposes would currently be premature. FAU - Demark-Wahnefried, Wendy
Ellagic acid inhibits PDGF-BB-induced vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and prevents atheroma formation in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; Plant-derived polyphenolic compounds have beneficial health effects. In the present study, we determined the ability of ellagic acid (EA) to prevent platelet-derived growth factor-BB (PDGF-BB)-induced proliferation of primary cultures of rat aortic smooth muscle cells (RASMCs). We also determined the ability of EA to prevent atherosclerosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Proliferation of cells was measured via Alamar Blue assay and through propidium iodide-based cell cycle analysis in flow cytometer. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) were measured via 2',7'-dichlorofluorescin diacetate and Amplex red methods. Expression of proliferation markers and activation of kinases were assessed by immunoblot analysis. Cotreatment of primary cultures of RASMCs with 25 μmol/L of EA significantly reduced PDGF-BB (20 ng/ml)-induced proliferation by blocking S-phase entry. EA effectively blocked PDGF receptor-β (PDGFR-β) tyrosine phosphorylation, generation of intracellular ROS and downstream activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2. It also blocked PDGF-BB-induced expression of cyclin D1. Computational molecular docking of EA with the PDGFR-β-PDGF-BB complex revealed two putative inhibitor binding sites which showed similar binding energies with the known PDGFR-β inhibitor AG1295. In diabetic rats, supplementation of diet with 2% EA significantly blocked diabetes-induced medial thickness, and lipid and collagen deposition in the arch of aorta. These were assessed through haematoxylin and eosin, Oil Red O and Masson's trichome staining, respectively. EA treatment also blocked cyclin D1 expression in medial smooth muscle cells in experimental animals. Thus, EA is effective in reducing atherosclerotic process by blocking proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells.
Association Between Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet at Midlife and Healthy Aging in a Cohort of French Adults.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet has been suggested as a key element for the prevention of age-related chronic diseases. However, very few studies have examined its relation with multidimensional concepts of healthy aging (HA). Our objective was thus to investigate the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet at midlife and HA. METHODS: We analyzed data from 3,012 participants of the French SUpplémentation en Vitamines et Minéraux AntioXydants (SU.VI.MAX) study aged 45-60 years at baseline (1994-1995) and initially free of major chronic diseases, with available data on HA status in 2007-2009. We defined HA as not developing major chronic disease (cancer, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes), good physical and cognitive functioning (evaluated by validated, standardized tests), independence in instrumental activities of daily living, no depressive symptoms, good social functioning, good self-perceived health, and no function-limiting pain. An index assessing adherence to the Mediterranean diet, the Literature-based Adherence Score to the Mediterranean Diet (LAMD) was calculated using baseline data from repeated 24-hour dietary records. RESULTS: In 2007-2009, 38% of participants met the HA criteria. Multivariable logistic regression revealed that higher scores on the LAMD (ORTertile 3 vs Tertile 1: 1.36 [1.12; 1.65]) were associated with higher odds of HA. Supplementary analyses using structural equation modeling revealed a potential mediation of the observed associations by metabolic health-related factors. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest a favorable role of a high adherence to the Mediterranean diet at midlife for maintaining good overall health during aging.
Cooking Up Health: A Novel Culinary Medicine and Service Learning Elective for Health Professional Students.; PURPOSE: The current investigation assessed the feasibility, acceptability, and efficacy of the Cooking Up Health (CUH) culinary medicine elective that was offered to medical students at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. The elective included a combination of didactics, plant-based culinary sessions, and service learning, in which students translated nutrition and health connections to elementary school children in at-risk communities. METHOD: Nine medical students enrolled in cohort 1 and 12 in cohort 2. Students completed assessments before and after the course measuring confidence in nutrition and obesity counseling, attitudes toward nutrition counseling, personal dietary intake, and cooking confidence and behaviors. RESULTS: The elective showed high feasibility and acceptability with strong class attendance (96%-99%) and retention (89%-100%). Over the course of the elective, students across both cohorts showed increased confidence in nutrition and obesity counseling (ps < 0.001), cooking abilities (ps < 0.01), and food preparation practices (ps < 0.04). Cohort 1 reported decreased meat consumption (p = 0.045), and cohort 2 showed increased fruit and vegetable intake (p = 0.04). Finally, cohort 2 showed increased knowledge and confidence regarding consuming a plant-based diet (ps < 0.002). Students reported an increased appreciation for the role of nutrition in health promotion and disease prevention and an intention to incorporate nutrition into patient care. CONCLUSION: This study provided preliminary evidence demonstrating feasibility, acceptability, and efficacy of the CUH culinary medicine elective for increasing medical students' confidence in nutrition and obesity counseling of patients and in their ability to use nutrition and cooking for personal self-care. Ultimately, this program of research may provide evidence to support widespread integration of CUH into medical education and has the potential to prepare medical students to properly advise patients on nutrition to combat the rising rates of obesity, diabetes, and preventable diseases related to nutrition. FAU - Ring, Melinda
Prevalence and factors related to rheumatic musculoskeletal disorders in rural south India: WHO-ILAR-COPCORD-BJD India Calicut study.; AIMS: To assess the prevalence and factors related to rheumatic musculoskeletal disorders (RMSD) in a rural population of south India. METHODS: The cross-sectional study included all individuals, 15 years and above, in a rural unit of Calicut District in North Kerala. Data were collected using the validated World Health Organization - International League of Associations for Rheumatology - Community Oriented Program for the Control of Rheumatic Diseases - Bhigwan model questionnaire by trained volunteers. In Phase 1 details of demographic characteristics, major co-morbidities and perceived musculoskeletal aches and pains were elicited. Phases 2 and 3 further evaluated and diagnosed the subjects. Predictors for RMSD were assessed using binary logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: There were 4999 individuals in the study. The prevalence of RMSD was 24.9% (95% CI 23.73; 26.12%). Females constituted 50.7% of the population; 5.1% of the respondents were illiterate; 80.9% belonged to low-income groups. Diabetes mellitus and hypertension affected 4.1% and 5.4% of the subjects respectively. The predictors for RMSD in the population were female sex, age, illiteracy, married status, low-income group, vegetarian diet, current alcohol consumption, current tobacco use, history of injury or accidents, diabetes and hypertension. Symptom-related ill-defined rheumatism (10.39%) followed by osteoarthritis (3.85%) were the most prevalent in the Phase 3 rheumatological evaluation. CONCLUSION: There is an urgent need to introduce lifestyle modifications in high-risk groups and start rehabilitation for those affected. Community rheumatology in primary health care settings in rural areas needs to be strengthened by introducing national programs addressing RMSD at the grassroots level.
[Is a patient's knowledge of cardiovascular risk factors better after the occurrence of a major ischemic event? Survey of 135 cases and 260 controls].; AIM: We hypothezised that patients (cases) who are hospitalized for a major ischemic event--myocardial infarction, stroke, decompensation of peripheral arterial disease--acquire better knowledge than a control population--atheromatous patients without a major ischemic event, patients consulting for a vein disease or a diabetes evaluation, and accompanists--about cardiovascular risk factors (smoking, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity) and have a better understanding of the usefulness of making changes in their lifestyle (quit smoking, regular exercise, Mediterranean diet, low salt diet, weight control, diabetes care). METHODS: A questionnaire was proposed at vascular surgery consultations and vascular and cardiac functional explorations, at the M Pavillon of the Édouard-Herriot hospital, Lyon, France. In five months, 395 questionnaires (135 cases and 260 controls) were analyzed. RESULTS: The global knowledge score was statistically higher for cases than for controls (cases 3.23±1.81; controls 2.77±2.03; P=0.037). Cases did not abide by monitoring and dietary rules better, except as regards the management of diabetes. Regular physical activity was statistically more prevalent among controls than among cases. Cases mainly received their information from their doctors (general practitioner for 59% of controls and 78% of cases, cardiologist for 25% of controls and 57% of cases) while controls got their information more through magazines or advertising. CONCLUSION: Our results show that after a major ischemic event, cases' knowledge of risk factors is better than the rest of the population without improved rules lifestyle changes. This suggests the usefulness of evaluating a therapeutic education program for atheromatous disease.
Infrequently asked questions about the Mediterranean diet.; Numerous health benefits have been attributed to the 'Mediterranean diet' over the last decades. Selecting foods that were common in the Mediterranean regions (especially Crete) in the 1970s, with a frequent and abundant intake of fruit, vegetables, fish, olive oil and perhaps wine, has been reported to be associated with wide-ranging benefits including improved glucose metabolism and decreased risk of type 2 diabetes, obesity and CVD. While the respective contributions of various types of food have been widely investigated, less attention has been paid to other factors, also characteristic of the Mediterranean lifestyle, which may contribute to the health benefits perhaps as much as specific food choices. Traditionally, the Mediterranean diet was consumed in the context of a particular lifestyle, with a fixed number of daily meals, generally consumed at later hours (compared to North of Europe), and some specific meal-related behaviours such as the post-lunch siesta. In addition, the Mediterranean diet and lifestyle that were so beneficial to health, 40 years ago, were considerably different from present-day practices. The changes are particularly clear in younger individuals and countries of the Mediterranean region presently have the highest child overweight rates in Europe. The present paper will address research about meal and satiety patterns and examine how the recent changes from traditional practices are likely to have an impact on health risks and benefits in Mediterranean populations. FAU - Bellisle, France
Adherence to Mediterranean diet in a Spanish university population.; The aim of this work was to characterize food habits of Spanish University students and to assess the quality of their diet and some possible determinant factors according to Mediterranean food pattern among other indices. Two hundred eighty-four enrolled students during the academic year 2012-2013 participated in this survey. For each individual a questionnaire involving anthropometric measurements, types of housing, smoking habits and levels of physical activity were self-reported. Food consumption was gathered by two nonconsecutive 24 hour recalls including one weekend day. BMI within the normal range was showed by 72.5% of students and 75% of the sample reflected a sedentary lifestyle or low physical activity. The percentage of total energy from each macronutrient was approximately 17% proteins, 40% carbohydrates and 40% lipids. The ratio of polyunsaturated to monounsaturated fat only reached 0.32. Cholesterol consumption in men exceeded the intake in women by 70 mg/day but nutritional objectives were exceeded in both genders. The main source of protein had an animal origin from meat (38.1%), followed by cereals (19.4%) and dairy products (15.6%). The assessment of diet quality conducted by Healthy Eating Index (HEI) and Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) revealed a low-intermediate score in both (51.2 ± 12.8 and 4.0 ± 1.5, respectively). The main deviations from Mediterranean pattern were a low intake of vegetables and fruit and a high consumption of meat and dairy products. According to HEI classification, 96.1% of subjects scored "poor" or "needs improvement" about the quality of their diet and only 5.3% of students achieved a high adherence to Mediterranean diet. It is necessary to foster changes toward a healthier diet pattern according to cultural context in this population for preventing cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes and insulin resistance.
[Sense and nonsense of diets].; Strict vegetarian diets and liquid formulations of "protein-sparing modified fast diets" can be harmful and represent potential "nonsense" in diets. "Sense" with respect to diets is demonstrated by a short summary of the physiological effects of dietary fibre. Fibre incorporates water, increases fecal bulk and reduces transit time of the bowel. Fermentation of fibres in the large bowel produces short-chain fatty acids, e.g. acetate, propionate and butyrate with desirable effects. Butyrate, for example, modifies colonic cell proliferation and may reduce the incidence of colorectal neoplasms. The beneficial effects of a diet, high in fibre, on blood lipids, overweight, colorectal disease and diabetes mellitus are briefly discussed. FAU - Ballmer, P E
Wheat protein-induced proinflammatory T helper 1 bias in mesenteric lymph nodes of young diabetes-prone rats.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Type 1 diabetes is the result of an inflammatory T helper 1 (Th1) lymphocyte-mediated beta cell destructive process. The majority of diabetes-prone BioBreeding (BBdp) rats fed wheat protein-based diets, such as NTP-2000, develop type 1 diabetes and display a mild coeliac-like enteropathy. Mesenteric lymph nodes (MLNs), which drain the gut, are the major inductive site where dietary antigens are recognised in the gut-associated lymphoid tissue (GALT). We hypothesised that this compartment could be a site of abnormal wheat protein-induced Th1 cell activation. METHODS: MLN cells were isolated from BBdp and BB control (BBc) rats that were fed NTP-2000 or a hydrolysed casein (HC)-based diet at ages that pre-date classic insulitis. The inflammatory status, phenotype and proliferation of these cells in response to wheat protein were determined. RESULTS: The expression ratio of T-bet : Gata3, master transcription factors for Th1 and Th2 cytokines, was increased in the MLN from NTP-2000-fed BBdp rats compared with that from BBc rats, mainly due to decreased Gata3 expression. CD3(+)CD4(+)IFN-gamma(+) T cells were more prevalent in the MLN of wheat-fed BBdp rats, but remained at control levels in BBdp rats fed a diabetes-retardant HC diet. BBdp MLN cells proliferated in response to wheat protein antigens in a specific, dose-dependent manner, and >93% of cells were CD3(+)CD4(+) T cells. This proliferation was associated with a low proportion of CD4(+)CD25(+) T cells and a high proportion of dendritic cells in the MLN of BBdp rats. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Before insulitis is established, the MLNs of wheat-fed BBdp rats contain an unusually high proportion of Th1 cells that proliferate specifically in response to wheat protein antigens. FAU - Chakir, H
Hyperhomocysteinemia: a new risk factor for degenerative diseases.; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHCY) is a consequence of disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological and clinical studies have proven HHCY to be an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Trials in progress may clarify the "causality" of high homocysteine (HCY) concentrations and will assess the value of HCY lowering therapy. HHCY is also seen as a risk factor for neurodegenerative diseases such as cognitive impairment, dementia, Alzheimer's disease, and also for depression. There is a high prevalence of HHCY as a syndrome of vitamin shortage in elderly subjects, which strongly increases with advancing age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B12 deficiency which is more reliably diagnosed by measurement of serum methylmalonic acid and holotranscobalamin II, the metabolically active B12 fraction, than by total serum vitamin B12. Subjects who follow a strict vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of HHCY caused by vitamin B12 deficiency. For prevention of neurological damages an early diagnosis of vitamin B12 deficiency is important. Furthermore, HHCY is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and preeclampsia. HCY should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in adipose subjects, in elderly people, in vegetarians, in postmenopausal women, and in early pregnancy. FAU - Herrmann, Wolfgang
Relationship of vitamin D levels to blood pressure in a biethnic population.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Accumulating epidemiological and clinical studies have suggested that vitamin D insufficiency may be associated with hypertension. Blacks tend to have lower vitamin D levels than Whites, but it is unclear whether this difference explains the higher blood pressure (BP) observed in Blacks in a population with healthy lifestyle practices. METHODS AND RESULTS: We examined cross-sectional data in the Adventist Health Study-2 (AHS-2), a cohort of non-smoking, mostly non-drinking men and women following a range of diets from vegan to non-vegetarian. Each participant provided dietary, demographic, lifestyle and medical history data. Measurements of weight, height, waist circumference, percent body fat and blood pressure and fasting blood samples were obtained from a randomly selected non-diabetic sample of 284 Blacks and 284 Whites aged 30-95 years. Multiple regression analyses were used to assess independent relationships between blood pressure and 25(OH)D levels. Levels of 25(OH)D were inversely associated with systolic BP in Whites after control for age, gender, BMI, and use of BP-lowering medications (β-coefficient -0.23 [95% CI, -0.43, -0.03; p = 0.02]). This relationship was not seen in Blacks (β-coefficient 0.08 [95% CI, -0.14, 0.30; p = 0.4]). Results were similar when controlling for waist circumference or percentage body fat instead of BMI. No relationship between serum 25(OH)D and diastolic BP was seen. CONCLUSION: Systolic BP is inversely associated with 25(OH)D levels in Whites but not in Blacks. Vitamin D may not be a major contributor to the White-Black differential in BP.
Improving diet for psychiatric patients : High potential benefits and evidence for safety.; BACKGROUND: Psychonutrition, i.e. the impact of diet on mental health, is an emerging field of psychiatry. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the present letter was to highlight recent findings in the field to guide nutritional interventions in psychiatry. METHOD: An overview of the most recent meta-analyses in the field of psychonutrition in severe mental disorders has been carried out. RESULTS: The Mediterranean diet showed the best evidence for effectiveness in diminishing the incidence of depressive symptomatology Complementary agents were found to be associated with lower depression levels (even in psychiatric populations): omegas 3 fatty acids, vitamin D, methylfolate and S-adenosylmethionine, all being found in high rates in the Mediterranean diet. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI) has also been found to be associated with lower depression. Moreover, major depression has been associated with inflammatory disturbances and a diet with a low Dietary Inflammatory Index has also been shown to be associated with lower depression. These effects may be mediated by microbiota modifications and probiotic supplementation has been recently shown to be effective in the treatment of depression. A high protein diet may also be particularly useful in psychiatry. The high protein diet has shown effectiveness in weight loss and increasing satiety with no evidence for deleterious effects in subjects without chronic conditions like renal failure, diabetes or cardiovascular disease. A reduction of 20% of calorific intake +/- intermittent fasting (i.e. fasting for 12 to 16 h per day) may also improve microbiota and therefore psychiatric conditions. CONCLUSION: In light of these findings, diet modifications appear to be an underutilized tool with which to improve the mental and physical health of psychiatric patients.
Cost and cost-effectiveness of the Mediterranean diet: results of a systematic review.; The growing impact of chronic degenerative pathologies (such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease) requires and pushes towards the development of new preventive strategies to reduce the incidence and prevalence of these diseases. Lifestyle changes, especially related to the Mediterranean diet, have the potential to modify disease outcomes and ultimately costs related to their management. The objective of the study was to perform a systematic review of the scientific literature, to gauge the economic performance and the cost-effectiveness of the adherence to the Mediterranean diet as a prevention strategy against degenerative pathologies. We investigated the monetary costs of adopting Mediterranean dietary patterns by determining cost differences between low and high adherence. Research was conducted using the PubMed and Scopus databases. Eight articles met the pre-determined inclusion criteria and were reviewed. Quality assessment and data extraction was performed. The adherence to the Mediterranean diet has been extensively reported to be associated with a favorable health outcome and a better quality of life. The implementation of a Mediterranean dietary pattern may lead to the prevention of degenerative pathologies and to an improvement in life expectancy, a net gain in health and a reduction in total lifetime costs. FAU - Saulle, Rosella
The role of olive oil in disease prevention: a focus on the recent epidemiological evidence from cohort studies and dietary intervention trials.; Consumption of olive oil within the Mediterranean diet has been long known to have many health benefits. However, only over the last decade has epidemiological research confirmed its protective role against developing several chronic diseases. The objective of this review was to give an overview of the state of art epidemiological evidence concerning the relationship between olive oil and key public health outcomes including mortality, CVD, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), obesity and cancer, with a particular focus on recent results from cohort studies and dietary intervention trials. Recent epidemiological research has shown that regular consumption of olive oil is associated with increased longevity. This benefit is partly due to the olive oil's unequivocal cardio-protective role. There is converging evidence on the benefits of olive oil for preventing several CVD risk factors, including diabetes, MetS and obesity. Olive oil is also implicated in preventing certain cancers, with the most promising findings for breast and digestive tract cancers, although the data are still not entirely consistent and mainly from case-control studies. These health benefits are supported by strong mechanistic evidence from experimental studies, demonstrating that specific components of olive oil have antihypertensive, antithrombotic, antioxidant, antiinflammatory and anticarcinogenic action. Despite the accumulating epidemiological research, there is still a lack of consistent results from high-quality studies for many health outcomes (i.e. certain cancers and metabolism-related disorders). Further research is mandatory, above all from prospective studies and randomised dietary intervention trials when feasible, to confirm some of the still potential health benefits. FAU - Buckland, Genevieve
Vernonia cinerea water extract improves insulin resistance in high-fat diet-induced obese mice.; Vernonia cinerea (V cinerea) is a plant distributed in grassy areas in Southeast Asia and has several pharmacological effects, including antidiabetic activity. However, the information available regarding the effect of V cinerea on insulin resistance in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obese mice is not yet determined. We hypothesized that V cinerea water extract (VC) improves insulin sensitivity in HFD-induced obese mice by modulating both phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (PI3K) and adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathways in liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue. Obesity was induced in mice from the Institute for Cancer Research by feeding an HFD 188.28 kJ (45 kcal % lard fat) for 12 weeks. During the last 6 weeks of the HFD, obese mice were treated with VC (250 and 500 mg/kg). We found that VC at both doses significantly reduced the hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, hyperleptinemia, and hyperlipidemia. Obese mice treated with VC could increase serum adiponectin but reduce the proinflammatory cytokines, tumor necrosis factor-α, and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1. The extracts decreased triglyceride storage in liver and skeletal muscle of obese mice. The average size of fat cells was smaller in VC-treated groups than that of the HFD group. The protein expressions of PI3K and AMPK pathways in liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue were upregulated (increased phosphorylation of PI3K, protein kinase B, AMPK, and acetyl-CoA carboxylase) by VC treatment. Furthermore, the glucose transporter 4 was increased in muscle and adipose tissue in obese mice treated with VC. These data indicate that VC treatment stimulates phosphorylation of PI3K and AMPK pathways in liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Stimulating these pathways may improve impaired glucose and lipid homeostasis in an HFD-induced obesity mouse model. Based on these findings, it appears that VC has potential as a functional food or therapeutic agent in management of insulin resistance related diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus.
A randomised, controlled trial of a dietary intervention for adults with major depression (the "SMILES" trial): study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Despite increased investment in its recognition and treatment, depression remains a substantial health and economic burden worldwide. Current treatment strategies generally focus on biological and psychological pathways, largely neglecting the role of lifestyle. There is emerging evidence to suggest that diet and nutrition play an important role in the risk, and the genesis, of depression. However, there are limited data regarding the therapeutic impact of dietary changes on existing mental illness. Using a randomised controlled trial design, we aim to investigate the efficacy and cost-efficacy of a dietary program for the treatment of Major Depressive Episodes (MDE). METHODS/DESIGN: One hundred and seventy six eligible participants suffering from current MDE are being randomised into a dietary intervention group or a social support group. Depression status is assessed using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Non Patient Edition) (SCID-I/NP). The intervention consists of 7 individual nutrition consulting sessions (of approximately 60 minutes), delivered by an Accredited Practising Dietitian (APD). Sessions commence within one week of baseline assessment. The intervention focuses on advocating a healthy diet based on the Australian Dietary Guidelines and the Dietary Guidelines for Adults in Greece. The control condition comprises a befriending protocol using the same visit schedule and length as the diet intervention. The study is being conducted at two locations in Victoria, Australia (a metropolitan and regional centre). Data collection occurs at baseline (pre-intervention), 3-months (post-intervention) and 6- months. The primary endpoint is MADRS scores at 3 months. A cost consequences analysis will determine the economic value of the intervention. DISCUSSION: If efficacious, this program could provide an alternative or adjunct treatment strategy for the management of this highly prevalent mental disorder; the benefits of which could extend to the management of common co-morbidities including cardiovascular disease (CVD), obesity, and type 2 diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Register (ANZCTR): ACTRN12612000251820. FAU - O'Neil, Adrienne
Implementing a Mediterranean-Style Diet Outside the Mediterranean Region.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Populations surrounding the Mediterranean basin have traditionally reaped health benefits from a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), which may benefit Westernized countries plagued by chronic disease. But is it feasible to implement beyond the Mediterranean? To answer this question, we present evidence from randomized controlled trials that achieved high dietary compliance rates with subsequent physical and mental health benefits. RECENT FINDINGS: In the 1960s, the Seven Countries Study identified dietary qualities of Mediterranean populations associated with healthy aging and longevity. The PREDIMED study confirmed reductions in CVD-related mortality with a MedDiet; a meta-analysis in over 4.7 million people showed reduced mortality, CVD-related mortality, and reduced risk of Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease. Continually emerging research supports the MedDiet's benefits for chronic diseases including metabolic syndrome, cancers, liver disease, type 2 diabetes, depression, and anxiety. We summarize components of studies outside the Mediterranean that achieved high compliance to a Med-style diet: dietitian led, dietary education, goal setting, mindfulness; recipe books, meal plans, and food checklists; food hampers; regular contact between volunteers and staff through regular cooking classes; clinic visits; and recipes that are simple, palatable, and affordable. The next step is testing the MedDiet's feasibility in the community. Potential obstacles include access to dietetic/health care professionals, high meat intake, pervasive processed foods, and fast food outlets. For Western countries to promote a Med-style diet, collective support from government, key stakeholders and policy makers, food industry, retailers, and health professionals is needed to ensure the healthiest choice is the easiest choice. FAU - Murphy, Karen J
The major European dietary patterns and metabolic syndrome.; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors that significantly increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. The lack of universally accepted diagnosis criteria makes it difficult to know the real prevalence of MetS in both adult and pediatric population. Lifestyle, especially nutritional habits and physical activity, have been suggested to be independent risk factors for the development of MetS. Recent studies highlight the need to prioritize overall dietary patterns, rather than isolated nutrients, to better appraise the associations between nutritional habits and MetS. In this review we summarize recently published intervention trials and systematic reviews that evaluated the association between overall dietary patterns and the risk of MetS. Westernized dietary patterns, characterized by a high consumption of meat or meat products, snacks, baked desserts and sugar-sweetened beverages, which provide high amounts of saturated fatty acids and simple carbohydrates as added sugars, have been associated with higher risk of MetS. In contrast, more traditional dietary patterns, including the Mediterranean dietary pattern (MDP), characterized by a high consumption of vegetables, fruits, whole cereals and fish are associated with a reduced risk of MetS. The main characteristics of the MDP include a high consumption of nuts and olive oil, resulting in a relatively fat-rich pattern that provides high amounts of mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids, bioactive polyphenols and dietary fiber. Strong evidence is accumulating to support that a closer conformity with the MDP is inversely associated with the incidence of MetS, cardiovascular risk factors, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. FAU - Martínez-González, Miguel Ángel
Association of dietary patterns with the fecal microbiota in Korean adolescents.; BACKGROUND: The gut microbiota has emerged as an important environmental factor associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, through its interactions with dietary factors. Therefore, we analyzed the composition of the fecal microbiota and levels of biochemical markers related to metabolic disease according to dietary pattern in Korean adolescents. METHODS: We collected fecal samples from 112 student subjects aged 13-16 years with sufficient information available regarding clinical biomarkers and diet, and performed 16S rRNA targeted gene sequencing. RESULTS: Regarding bacterial composition according to taxonomic rank, we found that traditional dietary patterns enriched in plant-based and fermented foods were associated with higher proportions of Bacteroides (Bacteroidaceae) and Bifidobacterium (Bifidobacteriaceae-Actinobacteria) and a lower proportion of Prevotella (Prevotellaceae) relative to modified Western dietary patterns (a greater proportion of animal-based foods). Specifically, the proportion of Bacteroides (Bacteroidaceae) was associated with intake of plant-based nutrients such as fiber; however, that of Prevotella (Prevotellaceae) was negatively associated with these factors. Additionally, we observed that the increase of prevotella (Prevotellaceae) and decrease of Bacteroides (Bacteroidaceae) and Ruminococcaceae had a higher risk of obesity. We also found that the traditional dietary pattern was negatively associated with general and central adiposity and levels of clinical biomarkers, including AST, ALT, total cholesterol, triglyceride, hs-CRP, insulin, and HOMA-IR, whereas the positive associations were found for a modified Western dietary pattern. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that the gut microbiota composition differs markedly according to dietary intake and suggest a role for diet in promoting a gut microbiome associated with the pathogenesis of metabolic disease.
Promoting and Implementing the Mediterranean Diet in the Southern Hemisphere: the Chilean Experience.; Increasing scientific evidence shows that the Mediterranean lifestyle -including a characteristic dietary pattern as well as psychosocial and cultural features- has beneficial effects on human health. However, production and use of some of the distinctive components (e.g., olive oil, red wine, nuts, legumes, fish and seafood) of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) are not exclusively confined to the Mediterranean Basin, but are also found in other world regions, including California, Southwestern Australia, South Africa, and Chile. Central Chile exhibits a Mediterranean climate and Chilean agriculture and culinary traditions show striking similarities to Mediterranean countries. Using a MedDiet index adapted to food habits in Chile, we found that only 10% of the adult population displays this healthy eating behavior. Furthermore, high scores in the MedDiet index correlate with lower prevalence of overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in Chilean adults. High adherence to a Mediterranean-like diet is also associated with better psychological wellbeing. Finally, a pilot study investigating the effects of a Mediterranean diet in Chile -as part of a 'food-at-work intervention'- showed a significant improvement in diet quality which was associated with a 35% reduction in the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome. Increased appreciation and application of a Mediterranean-like dietary pattern may therefore improve health and quality of life in the population of Chile, where non-communicable chronic diseases are increasingly common. FAU - Echeverría, Guadalupe
Traditional Medicine and Its Role in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus: "Patients' and Herbalists' Perspectives".; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a complicated health condition with multiple causes and many treatment options. Various myths may influence diabetics' health-seeking behavior, and they may use traditional medicines, which include normal foods and herbs, for primary health care. The aim of this study was to determine patients' and herbalists' practices and perspectives regarding the use of traditional medicines and the role of traditional medicines in the management of diabetes. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a cross-sectional study with a mixed-methods design. We interviewed 140 patients attending diabetic clinics using a structured questionnaire, conducted focus group discussions with an additional 20 diabetic patients, and conducted in-depth interviews with 8 local herbalists. The majority of the diabetic participants believed that diabetes is caused by a high-carbohydrate diet. Of the 140 participants who answered the questionnaire, 67.2% reported using traditional medicines to manage their diabetes, including 58.6% who reported using both conventional medicines and traditional medicines. Some participants believed that combining conventional and traditional medicines improved the effectiveness of treatment. Reasons given for using traditional medicines included the high cost of conventional treatment and the availability and accessibility of the traditional medicines. The most commonly used traditional medicines were indigenous vegetables and medicinal plant products including amalanth leaves, hare lettuce leaves, nightshade leaves, spider plant leaves, okra pods, moringa leaves and seeds, soursop leaves, black plum back, avocado seed, and lemongrass. CONCLUSION: Patients and herbalists provided a range of perspectives regarding the use of traditional medicines to treat diabetes. Further research is needed to identify bioactive compounds present in commonly used traditional medicines and their efficacy. FAU - Kasole, Rose
Acute coronary syndrome-related mortality audit in a teaching hospital at Port Blair, India.; BACKGROUND: India has a growing trend of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) due to shifting lifestyle. OBJECTIVE: To study the profile of patients died due to AMI and to find its risk correlates. METHODS: A study was conducted on consecutive AMI cases admitted in the teaching hospital at Port Blair from April 2011 to March 2016. During inpatients management, outcomes were followed up from admission till discharge or expiry. RESULTS: Of the total 491 cases, majority (75.99%) had ST-elevated myocardial infarction (STEMI); mean age of 73 deaths was 58.01 ± 13.60, mortality probability among females was less; in the age group 41-50 years the case fatality rate was the lowest (7.58%). Mean age of survival was 56.75 ± 10.47; great majorities were males across all age groups in cases and deaths; highest number of cases were in the age group 51-60 (34.21%); reportedly 83.10% had some physical activities; 6.52% were vegetarian; 34.22% were smokers; 10.39% had family history of AMI, majority (59.06%) were from white collar profession (teacher, clerical, etc.); 52.95% were diabetics; and 47.45% were hypertensives. Lifestyle-related risk factors, physical activity, and vegetarian diet were not protective; family history and addiction to smoking were significantly associated with AMI deaths. Thrombolytic intervention helped the survival of 73.68%, and the odds ratio of survival showed benefit. CONCLUSIONS: Acute STEMI had male and middle-age predominance with a common risk factor of family history, smoking, diabetes, and hypertension. FAU - Singh, Shiv Shankar
Trial to Encourage Adoption and Maintenance of a Mediterranean Diet (TEAM-MED): Protocol for a Randomised Feasibility Trial of a Peer Support Intervention for Dietary Behaviour Change in Adults at High Cardiovascular Disease Risk. LID - 10.3390/ijerph15061130 [doi] LID - 1130; Adoption of a Mediterranean diet (MD) reduces cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, interventions to achieve dietary behaviour change are typically resource intensive. Peer support offers a potentially low-cost approach to encourage dietary change. The primary objective of this randomised controlled trial is to explore the feasibility of peer support versus a previously tested dietetic-led intervention to encourage MD behaviour change, and to test recruitment strategies, retention and attrition in order to inform the design of a definitive trial. A total of 75 overweight adults at high CVD risk who do not follow a MD (Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS ≤ 3)) will be randomly assigned to either: a minimal intervention (written materials), a proven intervention (dietetic support, written materials and key MD foods), or a peer support intervention (group-based community programme delivered by lay peers) for 12 months. The primary end-point is change in MDS from baseline to 6 months (adoption of MD). Secondary end-points include: change in MDS from 6 to 12 months (maintenance of MD), effects on nutritional biomarkers and CVD risk factors, fidelity of implementation, acceptability and feasibility of the peer support intervention. This study will generate important data regarding the feasibility of peer support for ease of adoption of MD in an 'at risk' Northern European population. Data will be used to direct a larger scale trial, where the clinical efficacy and cost-effectiveness of peer support will be tested. FAU - McEvoy, Claire T
Iridoid glycoside from Cornus officinalis ameliorated diabetes mellitus-induced testicular damage in male rats: Involvement of suppression of the AGEs/RAGE/p38 MAPK signaling pathway.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Cornus officinalis (CO) has been widely used as a traditional Chinese medicine for treating diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Iridoid glycoside from C. officinalis (IGCO) can resist apoptosis, hyperglycemia, oxidation and so on. The aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic effects of IGCO on DM-induced testicular damage through inhibition of the AGEs/RAGE/p38 MAPK signaling pathway. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A DM model of male Wistar rats was induced with streptozotocin injection (30mg/kg, i.p.) and high-fat diet. The DM rats were administrated with IGCO at low and high doses (15 and 30mg/kg, p.o.) for 12 weeks. Testicular damage was evaluated by estimating relative testicular weights, testicular pathohistology, sperm count, live sperm rate, endogenous sex hormone level and activity of testicular marker enzymes. Besides, general diabetic symptoms, renal function, oxidative stress parameters and testicular apoptosis marker were also determined. Finally, the mechanism was explored based on the AGEs/RAGE/p38 MAPK pathway. RESULTS: IGCO effectively mitigated the general symptoms of DM rats including weight loss, polydipsia, polyphagia, polyuria, elevated blood glucose level and low serum insulin level. Nourishing the kidney evidently, IGCO reduced serum creatinine, urea nitrogen and urine protein excretion, and also markedly protected against DM-induced testicular damage by increasing testis/body weight ratio and live sperm rate, improving the histomorphology of testes, upregulating testosterone, LH, FSH and GnRH levels and preventing the decrease of testicular marker enzymes LDH, ACP and γ-GT. Moreover, IGCO showed considerable anti-oxidative and anti-apoptotic effects, which downregulated the increase of ROS and MDA levels, restored SOD and CAT activities, and decreased spermatogenic cell apoptosis and Bax/Bcl-2 ratio. In the end, the increased AGEs, RAGE and p-p38 MAPK protein levels in DM rats were also reversed by IGCO significantly. CONCLUSIONS: The kidney tonic IGCO well protected DM rats from testicular damage, which may be related to suppression of the AGEs-RAGE-p38 MAPK pathway.
[New strategies in cardiovascular prevention].; Cardiovascular diseases, especially coronary heart disease, are the leading cause of mortality in Spain and western countries. The prevention of complications is based on a cardiovascular risk stratification that is based on the presence of classical cardiovascular risk factors. There are many scales for cardiovascular risk stratification that classify subjects into low, intermediate or high risk. Despite the fact that the impact and treatment of risk factors are well known, their control remains poor. Obesity, diabetes, and hypertension seems also seem to be increasing trends due to the changes in lifestyles and nutritional habits of our communities. In recent decades some new, or emerging, cardiovascular risk factors have been identified that can improve the stratification of cardiovascular risk: C-reactive protein, homocysteine, and lipoprotein a. The metabolic syndrome is an association of cardiovascular risk factors that cluster in the same subject because they share a physiopathologic link: insulin resistance. Its presence is related to most cardiovascular risk factors, classical or emerging, especially obesity, hypertension, and C-reactive protein. On the other hand, detection of subclinical or incipient atherosclerosis, especially with the measurement of intima-media thickness, offers indirect information closely related to coronary atherosclerosis that improves the stratification of subjects at intermediate risk. FAU - Moreno, J
Diet Quality-The Greeks Had It Right! LID - 636; The Mediterranean diet is upheld in the 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines as an example of an eating pattern that promotes good health, a healthy body weight, and disease prevention throughout the lifespan. The Mediterranean eating pattern is based on a variety of unprocessed plant foods including fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, nuts, and seeds that are high in polyphenols. The majority of polyphenols arrive in the colon where bacteria degrade them into smaller phenolics that can be translocated via the portal vein to the liver. In the liver, the phenolics undergo additional biotransformation prior to release into the circulation and transport to specific tissues where bioactive effects take place before removal in the urine. Recent epidemiologic studies using improved assessment techniques support that high versus low dietary polyphenol intake predicts reduced risk for neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, obesity, and early death from all causes. Emerging science reveals that many of these health-related benefits can be traced to the biotransformed, gut-derived phenolics. In conclusion, the high consumption of unprocessed plant foods by inhabitants of countries bordering the Mediterranean Sea has been linked to multiple health and disease prevention benefits that are in large part due to a varied intake of polyphenols. FAU - Anderson, John J B
Vasculoprotective effects of oleic acid: epidemiological background and direct vascular antiatherogenic properties.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The use of the "Mediterranean diet" as a means of preventing atherosclerotic vascular disease is gaining increasing acceptance. As early as in the late 1950s, it was found that the inhabitants of Greece and Southern Italy had a very low incidence of coronary artery disease and that, among other components, their diets were very rich in oleic acid, the main constituent of the olive oil, making up about 29% of their daily caloric intake. It is now clear that, in addition to its relatively minor effects on cholesterol levels, oleic acid directly interferes with the inflammatory response characterising early atherogenesis due to the endothelial expression of adhesion molecules for circulating monocytes. RESULTS: In in vitro models of early atherogenesis based on cytokine-stimulated cultured endothelial cells, we have observed that the incorporation of oleic acid in total cell lipids is accompanied by decreased expression of a number of major pro-inflammatory proteins, such as endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecules. CONCLUSIONS: The results of our investigations indicate that oleic acid has a direct vascular atheroprotective effect, and suggest that it may be possible to prevent atherosclerosis by modulating the vascular response to classical triggers (high levels of cholesterol and the advanced glycation end-products of diabetes) using a strategy that is fundamentally different from, and therefore complementary to, drug-based therapy. FAU - Massaro, M
Nutritional habits of the inhabitants of the island of Vis.; The island of Vis belongs to middle Dalmatian group of islands with caracteristics Mediterranean climate. The assumption was that the dominant diet of the inhabitants is also Mediterranean. Such diet is considered to be one of the best for the prevention of many complex and chronic diseases, as confirmed by numerous studies in different parts of the World. This study showed a shift in dietary habits in the direction of a more globalized diet. Such sudden shift may prove to be an important trigger for the development of complex diseases such as diabetes melitus type 2, cardiovascular diseases, gout, as well as certain types of cancer. FAU - Missoni, Sasa
Mediterranean-style dietary pattern, reduced risk of metabolic syndrome traits, and incidence in the Framingham Offspring Cohort.; BACKGROUND: The benefit of the Mediterranean-style dietary pattern in mitigating metabolic risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease has not been well investigated among nondiabetic Americans. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the prospective association between the Mediterranean-style dietary pattern and metabolic syndrome. DESIGN: The Mediterranean-style dietary pattern score (MSDPS) was used to characterize a Mediterranean-style dietary pattern in the Framingham Heart Study Offspring Cohort. We examined the longitudinal association between MSDPS and metabolic syndrome traits (including homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance, fasting glucose, waist circumference, triglyceride, HDL cholesterol, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure) among 2730 participants of the Framingham Heart Study Offspring Cohort without type 2 diabetes (baseline median age: 54 y; 55% women), who were followed from the fifth (baseline) to the seventh study examinations (mean follow-up time: 7 y), and metabolic syndrome incidence (according to the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III definition) in 1918 participants free of the condition at baseline. RESULTS: A higher MSDPS was associated with lower homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (P = 0.02), waist circumference (P < 0.001), fasting plasma glucose (P = 0.03), and triglycerides (P < 0.001) and higher HDL cholesterol (P = 0.02) after adjustment for the corresponding baseline values and for several confounding factors associated with type 2 diabetes risk. Participants in the highest quintile category of the MSDPS had a lower incidence of metabolic syndrome than those in the lowest quintile category (38.5% compared with 30.1%; P = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that the consumption of a diet consistent with the principles of the Mediterranean-style diet may protect against metabolic syndrome in Americans. FAU - Rumawas, Marcella E
Impact of lifestyle habits on the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome among Greek adults from the ATTICA study.; BACKGROUND: Individuals with the metabolic syndrome (MS) are at high risk for coronary heart disease and may benefit from aggressive lifestyle modification. In this study, we evaluated the effect of leisure time physical activity (PA) and the Mediterranean diet (MD) on the prevalence of the MS. METHODS: The ATTICA study is a health and nutritional survey. On the basis of a multistage, random sampling, 1128 men and 1154 women (>18 years old) without any evidence of cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus were enrolled from the greater Athens area during 2001 to 2002. The MS was defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) III criteria. PA was determined from a detailed questionnaire and graded according to the kcal/min expanded. MD was assessed through a validated nutrient questionnaire. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of the MS was 453 of 2282 subjects (19.8%). Of these subjects, 284 (25.2%) were men and 169 (14.6%) were women (P <.001). The prevalence of the MS increased accordingly to age (P for trend <.001). With multiple logistic regression analysis, the odds ratio of having the MS when the participant consumed the MD was 0.81 (95% CI, 0.68-0.976), and when even a little to moderate PA (<7 kcal/min)was reported, the odds ratio was 0.75 (95% CI, 0.65-0.86). The higher levels of inflammation and coagulation markers among participants with MS did not explain much of the aforementioned effect of lifestyle modification. CONCLUSION: MS is common in Greece and is becoming even more common in the middle-aged population. The suggested therapeutic lifestyle approach may contribute to the reduction of the prevalence of the MS, beyond the levels of several lipid, inflammation, and coagulation markers. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
[Mediterranean diet and prevention of non-communicable diseases: scientific evidences].; Epidemiological studies showed that the Mediterranean Diet represents a healthy food model in the maintenance of the state of health and in the improvement of the quality of life. The aim of this study was to define the relation between the Mediterranean Diet and the state of health, particularly the role in the prevention of the non-communicable diseases. A systematic literature review was made, analyzing clinical trials published on PubMed from January 2005 to September 2008 and using, separately or in combination, the key words: "Mediterranean Diet", "Health", "Prevention", "Diabetes", "Lipoproteins", "Cardiovascular Diseases", "Cancer." A total of 16 articles were selected. The studies included 101 to 25623 caucasian participants, of both genders, age between 18 and 80 years. Results were analyzed for the effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Cancer; Metabolic Syndrome and Cardiovascular Diseases, in terms of primary and secondary prevention. The Mediterranean Diet showed benefits on the incidence of cancer in healthy subjects, on the metabolic syndrome both in primary prevention that secondary, modifying numerous variables and about cardiovascular diseases, the Mediterranean Diet reduced the risk of relapse and the mortality by acute coronary syndromes and other cardiovascular causes in high risk patients. First of all the Mediterranean Diet must strongly be considered a correlated food model to the style of life, therefore it need further experimental research to validate the effects of Mediterranean Diet on the state of health. FAU - Proietti, A R
Effect of the Mediterranean diet in combination with exercise on metabolic syndrome parameters: 1-year randomized controlled trial.; This work aimed to evaluate and compare the benefits of the energy restricted Mediterranean diet (MD) and Standard hypolipemic diet (SHD) accompanied by exercise on metabolic syndrome parameters. A 12-month, randomized, single-blinded, diet-controlled study was conducted on 124 obese participants in the University Hospital Dubrava. Participants were assigned to the MD (n = 63) or the SHD (n = 61) and received the same amount of nutritional education and guidance on physical activity. The completion rate was 67.7 %. Both diets produced significant beneficial changes in body weight and waist circumference (P < 0.001 for MD and SHD). Compared with the SHD, HDL cholesterol increased (P = 0.031) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) decreased (P = 0.020) in the MD group. Fasting plasma glucose decreased significantly in both diet groups (P < 0.001 for MD; P = 0.026 for SHD). Although both diets accompanied by physical activity yielded similar weight reduction results, adherence to the MD was associated with more prominent reduction of the MetS components, namely HDL level elevation and SBP reduction. FAU - Pavić, Eva
Dietary guidance for pulses: the challenge and opportunity to be part of both the vegetable and protein food groups.; Pulses are a dry, edible variety of beans, peas, and lentils that have been consumed for 10,000 years. Pulses are rich in plant-based protein and fiber, as well as micronutrients such as iron and potassium. The satiating effect of both fiber and protein assists in managing weight and combating obesity. The high fiber content and low glycemic index of pulses aid people with diabetes in maintaining blood glucose and insulin levels. Pulse consumption may improve serum lipid levels to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Pulses developed as a member of both the protein and vegetable food groups as a result of its high content of plant-based protein and dietary fiber. The last two revisions of the Dietary Guidelines saw the transformation from the MyPyramid "meat and beans group" to the MyPlate "protein foods group," a nutrient name rather than a food source. Research suggests that consumers better identify with food source examples rather than nutrient names. The 2015 Dietary Guidelines also came with a new area: sustainable diets. Encouraging the consumption of sustainable food sources, like pulses, is imperative to ensuring a secure, healthy food supply for the U.S. population over time and for future generations.
History and impact of nutritional epidemiology.; The real and important role of epidemiology was discussed, noting heretofore unknown associations that led to improved understanding of the cause and prevention of individual nutritional deficiencies. However, epidemiology has been less successful in linking individual nutrients to the cause of chronic diseases, such as cancer and cardiovascular disease. Dietary changes, such as decreasing caloric intake to prevent cancer and the Mediterranean diet to prevent diabetes, were confirmed as successful approaches to modifying the incidence of chronic diseases. The role of the epidemiologist was confirmed as a collaborator, not an isolated expert of last resort. The challenge for the future is to decide which epidemiologic methods and study designs are most useful in studying chronic disease, then to determine which associations and the hypotheses derived from them are especially strong and worthy of pursuit, and finally to design randomized studies that are feasible, affordable, and likely to result in confirmation or refutation of these hypotheses. FAU - Alpers, David H
The role of Mediterranean type of diet on the development of cancer and cardiovascular disease, in the elderly: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: The proportion of elderly worldwide is increasing. This increase in life expectancy, is staggering posing tremendous challenges in disease burden, especially, in chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, cancer and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Limited studies investigate the effect of Mediterranean diet on cardiovascular risk and cancer in older populations. In this review, findings from observational studies are summarized to evaluate the effect of Mediterranean diet on cancer and cardiovascular disease risk in elderly people. METHODS: Published results from observational studies that assessed food habits on cancer and cardiovascular disease risk in elderly were retrieved and summarized. RESULTS: In all studies diet had an effect on cardiovascular disease risk. The Mediterranean diet, a high-quality diet and increased fruit and vegetable consumption were all found to be cardioprotective. CONCLUSION: The systematically reviewed studies reveal that a high adherence to a Mediterranean type of diet or "prudent diet" is associated with reduced risk of CVD and some types of cancer, even in the elderly. Also dietary intervention strategies can prevent morbidity, premature mortality and improve quality of life in older persons worldwide.
Plasma adiponectin concentrations are associated with body composition and plant-based dietary factors in female twins.; Circulating adiponectin is emerging as an important link between obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the spectrum of lifestyle factors that modulate the adiponectin concentration remains to be elucidated, particularly among women. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 877 female twin pairs from the TwinsUK adult twin registry. Using a co-twin design, we examined dietary and body composition influences on adiponectin by conducting matched, within-pair analyses to eliminate confounding. Following multivariable adjustment within-twin pairs, significant influences on adiponectin (log-transformed, percent change per SD of the dietary/body composition variable) were observed for nonstarch polysaccharides (3.25%; 95% CI: 0.06, 6.54; P < 0.05) and magnesium intake (3.80%; 95%CI: 0.17, 7.57; P < 0.05), with a trend toward an association for fruit and vegetable (F&V) intakes (2.55%; 95% CI: -0.26, 5.45; P = 0.08). These modest positive associations cannot be explained by confounding through other lifestyle factors shared by the twins. A significant relationship between adiponectin and 3 derived dietary patterns (F&V, dieting, traditional English), carbohydrate, protein, trans fat, and alcohol intake was also observed. Strong inverse associations with adiponectin were observed for BMI (-10.72%; 95% CI: -13.78, -7.55), total (-6.89%: 95% CI: -10.34, -3.30; P < 0.05), and central fat mass (-12.50%; 95% CI: -15.82, -9.05; P < 0.05); these relationships were significant both when twins were analyzed as individuals and when characteristics were contrasted within-twin pairs, suggesting a direct effect. We observed modest associations between dietary factors and adiponectin in female twins, independent of adiposity, and report strong inverse associations with body composition. These data reinforce the importance of weight maintenance and increasing consumption of diets rich in plant-based foods to prevent CVD and type 2 diabetes. FAU - Cassidy, Aedin
Antidiabetic effect of Dodonaea viscosa (L). Lacq. aerial parts in high fructose-fed insulin resistant rats: a mechanism based study.; To study the effect and mode of action of water extract (DVW) and polar fraction of ethanol extract (DVE-4) of D. viscosa in high-fructose diet induced insulin resistance in male Wistar rats. D. viscosa's effects were evaluated on a battery of targets involved in glucose homeostasis (in vitro studies). Rats were rendered insulin resistant by feeding 66% (w/w) fructose and 1.1% (v/w) coconut oil mixed with normal pellet diet (NPD) for six weeks. DVW and DVE4 at different doses were administered simultaneously. At the end of the study, blood glucose, oral glucose tolerance test, lipid profile and insulin were estimated and homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) levels were calculated. In addition, enzymatic and nonenzymatic liver antioxidant levels were also estimated. Quantification of biomarker quercetin was done using HPLC. Fructose diet with DVW, DVE-4 significantly reduced blood glucose, serum insulin, HOMA, lipid profiles and significantly improved glucose tolerance and HDL-c levels. In addition, these extract and fraction also decreased oxidative stress by improving endogenous antioxidants. In different bioassays, DVW and DVE-4 inhibited protein tyrosine phosphatase-1B with IC50 65.8 and 54.9 microg/ml respectively and showed partial inhibition of dipeptidyl peptidase-IV. Moreover, DVW and DVE-4, at 10 microg/ml showed 60 and 54.2% binding to peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma. Further, 2.1% (w/w) of quercetin was quantified in bioactive-DVE-4 using HPLC method. The results provide pharmacological evidence of D. viscosa in treatment of prediabetic conditions and these effects may be mediated by interacting with multiple targets operating in diabetes mellitus. FAU - Veerapur, V P
Cadmium exposure in the population: from health risks to strategies of prevention.; We focus on the recent evidence that elucidates our understanding about the effects of cadmium (Cd) on human health and their prevention. Recently, there has been substantial progress in the exploration of the shape of the Cd concentration-response function on osteoporosis and mortality. Environmental exposure to Cd increases total mortality in a continuous fashion without evidence of a threshold, independently of kidney function and other classical factors associated with mortality including age, gender, smoking and social economic status. Pooled hazard rates of two recent environmental population based cohort studies revealed that for each doubling of urinary Cd concentration, the relative risk for mortality increases with 17% (95% CI 4.2-33.1%; P < 0.0001). Tubular kidney damage starts at urinary Cd concentrations ranging between 0.5 and 2 μg urinary Cd/g creatinine, and recent studies focusing on bone effects show increased risk of osteoporosis even at urinary Cd below 1 μg Cd/g creatinine. The non-smoking adult population has urinary Cd concentrations close to or higher than 0.5 μg Cd/g creatinine. To diminish the transfer of Cd from soil to plants for human consumption, the bioavailability of soil Cd for the plants should be reduced (external bioavailability) by maintaining agricultural and garden soils pH close to neutral (pH-H(2)O of 7.5; pH-KCL of 6.5). Reducing the systemic bioavailability of intestinal Cd can be best achieved by preserving a balanced iron status. The latter might especially be relevant in groups with a lower intake of iron, such as vegetarians, and women in reproductive phase of life. In exposed populations, house dust loaded with Cd is an additional relevant exposure route. In view of the insidious etiology of health effects associated with low dose exposure to Cd and the current European Cd intake which is close to the tolerable weekly intake, one should not underestimate the importance of the recent epidemiological evidence on Cd toxicity as to its medical and public health implications. FAU - Nawrot, Tim S
Low-insulin-response diets may decrease plasma C-reactive protein by influencing adipocyte function.; Hepatic production of many acute phase reactants, including C-reactive protein (CRP), is induced primarily by interleukin-6 (IL-6). A significant fraction of the plasma pool of IL-6 derives from adipocytes. Physiological concentrations of insulin as well as of catecholamines have been shown to boost adipocyte production of IL-6 dose-dependently. High fasting and postprandial insulin levels can increase adipocyte exposure to catcholamines by activating the sympathetic nervous system, as well as by provoking postabsorptive hypoglycemia that triggers adrenal secretion of epinephrine. It follows that diets which promote low diurnal insulin levels - by minimizing the stimulus to postprandial insulin release, and by aiding muscle insulin sensitivity - should be associated with lower CRP levels. In fact, recent epidemiology demonstrates a correlation between dietary glycemic load and serum CRP in women, and a recent clinical study reports a 28% reduction in serum CRP following adoption of a whole-food vegan diet rich in soluble fiber. Whether very-low-fat diets which promote insulin sensitivity - and thus down-regulate insulin secretion - can influence CRP, remains to be seen. These considerations suggest that it may be possible to achieve worthwhile reductions in CRP by avoiding high-insulin-response starchy foods and by ingesting more soluble fiber, in foods or as a meal-time supplement. FAU - McCarty, Mark F
Clinical, physiopathological and dietetic aspects of metabolic syndrome.; Hypertriglyceridaemia, diabetes, hypertension and obesity are the deadly quartet indicating a syndrome at high risk for cardiovascular disease for which, in 1998, WHO proposed the definition of Metabolic Syndrome, related to an elevated degree of insulin resistance. Treatment will often include behavioural changes that reduce body weight and increase physical activity A high-carbohydrate/low-fat diet with complex carbohydrates and mainly unsaturated fat is recommended. Replacing refined grain products and potatoes with minimally processed plant-based foods such as whole grains, fruit, and vegetables, and reducing the intake of high glycaemic load beverages may offer a simple strategy for reducing the incidence of coronary heart disease. FAU - Leonetti, F
The Mediterranean diet, fish oil supplements and Rheumatoid arthritis outcomes: evidence from clinical trials.; The impact of dietary interventions such as specific types of diet or nutritional supplements in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been subject to increased attention in recent years. The recognition of the unmet need to better understand the effects of specific dietary interventions on disease outcomes in RA, along with the growing patient interest on lifestyle interventions beyond pharmacotherapy, have informed the undertaking of this narrative literature review. The benefits of the Mediterranean Diet (MD) have been shown in various studies, although only a limited number of trials focus specifically on RA. Based on the studies reviewed, the MD may provide benefits in reducing pain and swollen and tender joints in RA patients. There is more and better evidence that n-3 polyunsaturated fat (PUFA) supplementation has the potential to reduce inflammation and provide clinical benefit, possibly slowing progression to pharmacotherapy. Yet, many of these studies to date are limited in their methodology; this being partly a reflection of the complexity of the research questions being addressed. Consequently, the conclusions that can be robustly drawn from their results are restricted. With a focus on clinical trials on the MD and fish oil supplementation, this review critically appraises the evidence, discussing the findings of studies in the wider context of impact on RA outcomes, methodological challenges, and practical points to consider as part of the routine care of RA patients.
Soy-based renoprotection.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a significant public health problem as risk factors such as advanced age, obesity, hypertension and diabetes rise in the global population. Currently there are no effective pharmacologic treatments for this disease. The role of diet is important for slowing the progression of CKD and managing symptoms in later stages of renal insufficiency. While low protein diets are generally recommended, maintaining adequate levels of intake is critical for health. There is an increasing appreciation that the source of protein may also be important. Soybean protein has been the most extensively studied plant-based protein in subjects with kidney disease and has demonstrated renal protective properties in a number of clinical studies. Soy protein consumption has been shown to slow the decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate and significantly improve proteinuria in diabetic and non-diabetic patients with nephropathy. Soy's beneficial effects on renal function may also result from its impact on certain physiological risk factors for CKD such as dyslipidemia, hypertension and hyperglycemia. Soy intake is also associated with improvements in antioxidant status and systemic inflammation in early and late stage CKD patients. Studies conducted in animal models have helped to identify the underlying molecular mechanisms that may play a role in the positive effects of soy protein on renal parameters in polycystic kidney disease, metabolically-induced kidney dysfunction and age-associated progressive nephropathy. Despite the established relationship between soy and renoprotection, further studies are needed for a clear understanding of the role of the cellular and molecular target(s) of soy protein in maintaining renal function. FAU - McGraw, Nancy J
Investigation of intracellular signalling cascades mediating stimulatory effect of a Gymnema sylvestre extract on insulin secretion from isolated mouse and human islets of Langerhans.; AIM: Traditional plant-based remedies such as Gymnema sylvestre (GS) extracts have been used to treat diabetes mellitus for many centuries. We have shown previously that a novel GS extract, OSA®, has a direct effect on insulin secretion but its mode of action has not been studied in detail Thus this study investigated the possible underlying mechanism(s) by which OSA® exerts its action. METHODS: The effects of OSA® on [Ca(2+)]i and K(+) conductances were assessed by Ca(2+) microfluorimetry and electrophysiology in dispersed mouse islets and MIN6 β-cells, respectively. Isolated mouse (from 20 to 25 mice) and human (from 3 donors) islets, and MIN6 β-cells, were used to investigate whether the stimulatory effect of OSA® on insulin secretion was dependent on the presence of extracellular calcium and protein kinase activation. RESULTS: OSA ®-induced insulin secretion from mouse islets and MIN6 β-cells was inhibited by nifedipine, a voltage-gated Ca(2+) channel blocker, and by the removal of extracellular Ca(2+), respectively. OSA® did not affect the activities of KATP channels or voltage-dependent K(+) channels in MIN6 β-cells but it caused an increase in intracellular Ca(2+) ([Ca(2+)]i) concentrations in Fura-2-loaded mouse islet cells. The insulin secretagogue effect of OSA® was dependent, in part, on protein kinase activation since incubating mouse or human islets with staurosporine, a general protein kinase inhibitor, resulted in partial inhibition of OSA®-induced insulin secretion. Experiments using permeabilized, Ca(2+)-clamped MIN6 β-cells revealed a Ca(2+)-independent component action of OSA® at a late stage in the stimulus-response coupling pathway. OSA®-induced insulin secretion was unexpectedly associated with a decrease in intracellular cAMP levels. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that the GS isolate OSA® stimulates insulin secretion from mouse and human islets in vitro, at least in part as a consequence of Ca(2+) influx and protein kinase activation.
Mild cognitive impairment and dementia: the importance of modifiable risk factors.; BACKGROUND: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI), a common condition among the elderly, is defined as a deterioration of memory, attention, and cognitive function that exceeds what would be expected for the individual's age and level of education, yet does not interfere significantly with the activities of daily living. MCI may be a precursor of dementia; the rate of transition from MCI to dementia is 10% to 20% per year. The role of somatic diseases and modifiable risk factors in MCI and dementia needs further study. METHODS: We analyzed pertinent original articles and reviews published 1990 up to December 2010 that were retrieved by a selective search in PubMed and the Cochrane Library. RESULTS: MCI and dementia are associated with many somatic disorders and modifiable risk factors. MCI has biologically plausible associations with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia, although the interventional trials performed to date have yielded negative results. Recently, chronic renal failure has also been recognized as a risk factor. Insufficient evidence supports a putative benefit on MCI from the substitution of vitamin B12, vitamin D, or testosterone (when these substances are deficient), the treatment of hyperhomocysteinemia or subclinical thyroid dysfunction, or hormone replacement therapy after menopause. Epidemiological data suggest that a Mediterranean diet, physical activity, and moderate alcohol consumption protect against MCI, while cigarette smoking promotes it and should be stopped. CONCLUSION: Modifiable risk factors for MCI should be sought (at the very latest) in persons who already have MCI, as their optimal treatment may improve these patients' cognitive performance or keep the existing deficits from progressing. FAU - Etgen, Thorleif
The Mediterranean dietary pattern as the diet of choice for non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Evidence and plausible mechanisms.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) has become a major global health burden, leading to increased risk for cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma, type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Lifestyle intervention aiming at weight reduction is the most established treatment. However, changing the dietary composition even without weight loss can also reduce steatosis and improve metabolic alterations as insulin resistance and lipid profile. The Mediterranean diet (MD) pattern has been proposed as appropriate for this goal, and was recommended as the diet of choice for the treatment of NAFLD by the EASL-EASD-EASO Clinical Practice Guidelines. The MD has an established superiority in long term weight reduction over low fat diet, but it improves metabolic status and steatosis even without it. However, the effect on liver inflammation and fibrosis was tested only in few observational studies with positive results. Furthermore, considering the strong association between NAFLD and diabetes and CVD, the MD has a highly established advantage in prevention of these diseases, demonstrated in randomized clinical trials. The individual components of the MD such as olive oil, fish, nuts, whole grains, fruits, and vegetables, have been shown to beneficially effect or negatively correlate with NAFLD, while consumption of components that characterize a Western dietary pattern as soft drinks, fructose, meat and saturated fatty acids have been shown to have detrimental association with NAFLD. In this review we will cover the epidemiological evidence and the plausible molecular mechanisms by which the MD as a whole and each of its components can be of benefit in NAFLD.
Association Between Dietary Patterns and Kidney Function in Patients With Chronic Kidney Disease: A Cross-Sectional Analysis of the German Chronic Kidney Disease Study.; OBJECTIVE: In the general population, "healthy" dietary patterns are associated with improved health outcomes, but data on associations between observance of specific dietary patterns and kidney function in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) are sparse. METHODS: Dietary intake was evaluated using food frequency questionnaires in patients with moderately severe CKD under nephrology care enrolled into the observational multicenter German CKD study. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet score, Mediterranean diet score, and German Food Pyramid Index (GFPI) were calculated and their association with estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) and albuminuria was assessed by multivariable linear regression analysis, adjusted for gender, age, body mass index, energy intake, smoking status, alcohol intake, education, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL- cholesterol), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-cholesterol), hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: A total of 2,813 patients (41% women; age 60.1 ± 11.6 years) were included in the analysis. High DASH diet score and GFPI were associated with lower systolic blood pressure and lower intake of antihypertensive medication, higher HDL, and lower uric acid levels. Mediterranean-style diet was associated with lower prevalence of diabetes mellitus. Higher DASH and Mediterranean diet scores were associated with higher eGFR (β-coefficient = 1.226, P < .001; β-coefficient = 0.932, P = .007, respectively). In contrast, GFPI was not associated with eGFR. For the individual components of the dietary patterns, higher intake of nuts and legumes, cereals, fish, and polyunsaturated fats was associated with higher eGFR and higher intake of dairy, composed of low- and whole-fat dairy, was associated with lower eGFR. No association was found between dietary patterns and albuminuria. CONCLUSION: Higher observance of the DASH or Mediterranean diet, but not German food pyramid recommendations, was associated with higher eGFR among patients with CKD. Improving dietary habits may offer an opportunity to better control comorbidities and kidney function decline in patients with CKD.
Adherence to Mediterranean Diet Offers an Additive Protection Over the Use of Statin Therapy: Results from the ATTICA Study (2002-2012).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The protective role of Mediterranean diet on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk has been extensively discussed in the literature, but its incremental effect over the use of CVD risk reducing agents (such as hypolipidemic treatment) has rarely been evaluated. METHODS: The ATTICA study was carried out in the Athens area during 2001-2002 and included 3042 participants free of CVD at baseline (49.8% men, aged 18-89 years). Adherence to Mediterranean diet was assessed using the MedDietScore (range 0-55) and statin use was recorded for all subjects. During 2011-2012, 2583 out of the 3042 baseline participants attended the 10-year follow-up of the ATTICA study (15% lost-to-follow-up) and CVD development was recorded. RESULTS: Adherence to Mediterranean diet (highest tertile) decreased CVD risk by 29.3% (Hazard Ratio (HR): 0.707, 95% Confidence Intervals (CI): 0.537-0.831) as compared with the lowest tertile, independently of statin use. Patients with hyperlipidemia on a statin that adopted unhealthy dietary habits (lowest tertile) had 75% increased CVD risk than normolipidemic subjects with healthy dietary habits (HR=1.75, 95%CI: 1.33-2.29). The addition of Mediterranean diet tertiles in the multivariable model reclassified 46.7% of the participants to CVD risk categories. CONCLUSION: Adherence to Mediterranean diet confers a considerable reduction in CVD risk, independently of gender, age, family history of CVD, diabetes mellitus, smoking status, hypertension and physical activity status. Therefore, CVD prevention strategies should involve the implementation of a Mediterranean diet in both the general population and patients on a statin. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
The Mediterranean diet, its components, and cardiovascular disease.; One of the best-studied diets for cardiovascular health is the Mediterranean diet. This consists of fish, monounsaturated fats from olive oil, fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes/nuts, and moderate alcohol consumption. The Mediterranean diet has been shown to reduce the burden, or even prevent the development, of cardiovascular disease, breast cancer, depression, colorectal cancer, diabetes, obesity, asthma, erectile dysfunction, and cognitive decline. This diet is also known to improve surrogates of cardiovascular disease, such as waist-to-hip ratio, lipids, and markers of inflammation, as well as primary cardiovascular disease outcomes such as death and events in both observational and randomized controlled trial data. These enhancements easily rival those seen with more established tools used to fight cardiovascular disease such as aspirin, beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and exercise. However, it is unclear if the Mediterranean diet offers cardiovascular disease benefit from its individual constituents or in aggregate. Furthermore, the potential benefit of the Mediterranean diet or its components is not yet validated by concrete cardiovascular disease endpoints in randomized trials or observational studies. This review will focus on the effects of the whole and parts of the Mediterranean diet with regard to both population-based and experimental data highlighting cardiovascular disease morbidity or mortality and cardiovascular disease surrogates when hard outcomes are not available. Our synthesis will highlight the potential for the Mediterranean diet to act as a key player in cardiovascular disease prevention, and attempt to identify certain aspects of the diet that are particularly beneficial for cardioprotection.
Dietary habits mediate the relationship between socio-economic status and CVD factors among healthy adults: the ATTICA study.; BACKGROUND: The aims of the present work were to investigate whether dietary habits are associated with socio-economic status (SES), and if they modify the relationship between SES and CVD risk factors, in a sample of men and women free from known CVD. METHODS: This population-based study was carried out in the province of Attica, where Athens is a major metropolis. During 2001-2002, information from 1,528 men (18-87 years old) and 1,514 women (18-89 years old) was collected (75 % participation rate). Among several sociodemographic, clinical and biological factors, adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed by a special diet score (Mediterranean Diet Score, MDS) that incorporated the inherent characteristics of this traditional diet. CVD risk factors were examined across the participants' educational level and annual income that defined their SES. RESULTS: Low SES groups exhibited higher prevalence of CVD risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolaemia (all P < 0.001). Low SES groups also showed less adherence to the Mediterranean diet than high SES groups (MDS: 23.6 (sd 8.1) v. 25.6 (sd 5.6), P < 0.001). Higher SES index was associated with lower likelihood of having hypercholesterolaemia (OR = 0.91; 95 % CI 0.83, 1.00) and diabetes (OR = 0.83; 95 % CI 0.72, 0.95), after adjusting for various potential confounders. However, the previously mentioned inverse relationship observed between SES and prevalence of CVD risk factors was mainly explained by the dietary habits of the participants. CONCLUSIONS: Low SES groups showed less adherence to the Mediterranean diet compared with high SES groups. This finding may, in part, explain the higher CVD risk factors profile observed among low SES participants. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
Nutrition and health issues in the general Hong Kong population.; In Hong Kong, the chronic diseases that lead to mortality and morbidity, and contribute to disability include cardiovascular diseases, cancer, hypertension, osteoporosis, and diabetes mellitus. The role of nutrition as a risk factor for the development of these diseases has been described elsewhere. For the older population, adequate nutrition is important to maintain health, particularly with regard to the effect of nutrition on immunocompetence. Nutritional surveys of the general adult population show that although the intake pattern for cardiovascular health is good, follow-up surveys to monitor the pattern are needed. In the context of chronic disease prevention, decreasing salt consumption, increasing calcium intake, and increasing the awareness of the health value of fibre may all be beneficial actions. Educational efforts should be directed particularly at those with lower levels of education, since the poorly educated have been shown to have a less healthy diet and a greater prevalence of overweight individuals. Among the elderly, evidence of undernutrition has been documented in institutional settings and is associated with increased mortality. The diet of those residing in vegetarian homes has been shown to be deficient in many B vitamins, which results in a high frequency of nutritional anaemias. To help achieve an optimal nutritional status, nutrition screening programmes should become an integral part of the development of quality care programmes for institutions responsible for care of the elderly. FAU - Woo, J
Lifestyles and risk factors associated with adherence to the Mediterranean diet: a baseline assessment of the PREDIMED trial.; BACKGROUND: The traditional Mediterranean dietary pattern (MedDiet) is associated with longevity and low rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, there is little information on who is more likely to follow this food pattern. AIM: To evaluate how different factors are associated with lower MedDiet adherence in older Spanish subjects. METHODS: We included 7305 participants (men aged 55-80 y, women 60-80 y) at high-risk of CVD recruited into the PREDIMED trial (ISRCTN35739639). Socioeconomic, anthropometric, lifestyle characteristics and CVD risk factors were recorded. A validated 14-item questionnaire was used to evaluate MedDiet adherence at baseline. Multivariate models were used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals for lower adherence to the MedDiet (<9 points out of 14) and ascertain factors independently associated with it. RESULTS: Former smoking (OR = 0.87; 95% CI, 0.78-0.98), physical activity (OR for the 3(rd) vs. the 1(st)tertile: 0.69; 0.62-0.78), and higher educational level (OR for university vs. less than primary school: 0.54; 0.38-0.77) were associated with higher MedDiet adherence. Conversely, having a larger waist-to-height ratio (OR for 0.1 units, 1.35; 1.22-1.49), being diabetic (OR = 1.13; 1.03-1.24), being single (OR = 1.27; 1.01-1.61) or divorced or separated (OR = 1.44; 1.09-1.89), and current smoking (OR = 1.28; 1.11-1.47) were associated with lower adherence. CONCLUSIONS: Participants with little education, a larger waist-to-height ratio, or diabetes and those who were less physically active, single, divorced or separated, or smokers were less likely to adhere to the MedDiet, an ideal model for food choices. Stronger efforts of health promotion are needed in these groups to foster adoption of the MedDiet. FAU - Hu, Emily A
Wine grape pomace flour improves blood pressure, fasting glucose and protein damage in humans: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet is a healthy diet with positive scientific evidence of preventing chronic diseases. Bioactive components support the healthy properties of the Mediterranean diet. Antioxidants and fiber, two components of the Mediterranean diet, are key functional nutrients for healthy eating and nutrition. Wine grape pomace is a rich source of these dietary constituents and may be beneficial for human health. Our hypothesis was that the intake of red wine grape pomace flour (WGPF) prepared from red wine grapes (Cabernet Sauvignon variety) reduced the metabolic syndrome in humans. To evaluate the effect of WGPF on components of metabolic syndrome we design a 16-week longitudinal intervention study. Thirty-eight males, 30-65 years of age, with at least one component of metabolic syndrome, were randomly assigned to either the intervention group (n = 25) or the control group (n = 13). At lunch, the intervention group was given 20 g of WGPF per day, which contained 10 g of dietary fiber, 822 mg of polyphenols and an antioxidant capacity of 7258 ORAC units. Both groups were asked to maintain their regular eating habits and lifestyles. Clinical evaluation, anthropometric measurements and biochemical blood analyses were done at the beginning and the end of the study. RESULTS: WGPF intake significantly decreased systolic and diastolic blood pressure as well as fasting glucose levels. Plasma γ-tocopherol and δ-tocopherol increased and carbonyl group in plasma protein decreased in WGPT group, significantly. No significant effect was observed for waist circumference, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, total antioxidant capacity and vitamin C in and between groups. The group-dependent magnitude of the differences between the baseline and final postprandial insulin values and γ-tocopherol concentrations was statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of WGPF-rich in fiber and polyphenol antioxidants, as a food supplement in a regular diet improves blood pressure, glycaemia and postprandial insulin. In addition, increased antioxidant defenses and decreased oxidative protein damage indicating attenuation of oxidative stress. WGPF might be a useful food ingredient for health promotion and chronic disease prevention. FAU - Urquiaga, Inés
Protection of NOD mice from type 1 diabetes after oral inoculation with vaccinia viruses expressing adjuvanted islet autoantigens.; Oral administration of autoantigens and allergens can delay or suppress clinical disease in experimental autoimmune and allergic disorders. However, repeated feeding of large amounts of the tolerogens is required over long periods and is only partially effective in animals systemically sensitized to the ingested antigen. Enhanced suppression of type 1 autoimmune diabetes insulitis and hyperglycemia was demonstrated in both naive and immune animals following oral inoculation with plant-based antigens coupled to the cholera toxin B subunit (CTB). Thus, plant-synthesized antigens linked to the CTB adjuvant, can enhance suppression of inflammatory TH1 lymphocyte-mediated autoreactivity in both naive and immune animals. To stimulate adjuvant-autoantigen fusion protein biosynthesis in the gut mucosae, the authors evaluated oral inoculation of juvenile non-obese diabetic (NOD) mice with recombinant vaccinia virus (rVV) expressing fusion genes encoding CTB linked to the pancreatic islet autoantigens proinsulin (INS) and a 55-kDa C-terminal peptide from glutamate decarboxylase (GAD55). Hyperglycemia in both rVV-CTB:: INS and rVV-CTB:: GAD inoculated mice was substantially reduced in comparison with the uninoculated mouse control. Oral inoculation with rVV carrying the CTB::INS fusion gene generated a significant reduction in insulitis. An increase in IgG1 in comparison with IgG2c antibody isotype titers in rVV-CTB::INS infected mice suggested possible activation of autoantigen specific Th2 lymphocytes. The experimental results demonstrate feasibility of using vaccinia virus oral delivery of adjuvanted autoantigens to the mucosae of prediabetic mice for suppression and therapy of type 1 autoimmune diabetes. FAU - Denes, Bela
Is the Chilean diet a Mediterranean-type diet?; Food intake in Chile has changed markedly in the last decades, showing an increase in fat consumption and presently a small fruit and vegetables intake. A parallel is made between the Chilean and Mediterranean diet (mainly the one from Spain, Italy, and Greece), both currently and from 50 years ago. The main differences and similarities are based on food availability. Although Chilean diet seems to be approaching the traditional Mediterranean diet of the 60's, there is concern about changes that are moving away from Chilean traditional diet and towards a western one. A new food pyramid for Chile is proposed based on the traditional Mediterranean-type diet. FAU - Rozowski, Jaime
[Role of Mediterranean diet on the prevention of Alzheimer disease].; Type 2 diabetes and obesity are possible risk factors for Alzheimers disease and these can be modified by physical activity and changes in dietary patterns, such as switching to a Mediterranean diet. This diet includes fruits, vegetables, olive oil, fish and moderate wine intake. These foods provide vitamins, polyphenols and unsaturated fatty acids. This diet should be able to reduce oxidative stress. The inflammatory response is also reduced by unsaturated fatty acids, resulting in a lower expression and a lower production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. The Cardiovascular protection is related to the actions of polyphenols and unsaturated fatty acids on the vascular endothelium. The Mediterranean diet also can improve cardiovascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia, hypertension and metabolic syndrome. These beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet should have a role in Alzheimers disease prevention. FAU - Miranda, Arnoldo
Mediterranean diet adherence by patients with primary open angle glaucoma.; OBJECTIVE: To study the adherence to the Mediterranean diet in patients affected by primary open angle glaucoma (POAG). MATERIALS AND METHODS: An observational study was conducted to assess the adherence to the Mediterranean diet in patients affected by POAG, and who attended the Ophthalmology Department of the Canary Islands University Hospital. The study included completing a 14-item questionnaire validated by the PREDIMED Study, in person or by telephone. RESULTS: A total of 100 questionnaires were completed successfully by 50 males and 50 females. The mean age was 69.58 years for the males and 67.42 years for women. The men had more comorbidities than women (tobacco 14 vs. 3%), arterial hypertension, and diabetes (30 vs. 28%, and 16 vs. 6%, respectively). Adherence to the Mediterranean diet in males, was low in 9 patients (18%), moderate in 37 (74%), and high in 4 (8%) cases. In women adherence was low in 14 patients (28%), moderate in 34 (68%), and high in 2 (6%) cases. The overall adhesion to the Mediterranean diet is low in 23%, moderate in 71% and high in 6% of the cases. CONCLUSION: Patients who are affected by POAG have moderate adherence to the Mediterranean diet.
The interaction between nutrition and exercise for promoting health and performance.; The theme of The Nutrition Society Spring Conference 2017 was on the interaction between nutrition and exercise for promoting healthy ageing, maintaining cognitive function and improving the metabolic health of the population. The importance of this theme is highlighted by the public health issues surrounding obesity, diabetes and the age-related loss of skeletal muscle mass (sarcopenia). The opening symposium provided a historical perspective of both invasive and non-invasive methodologies for measuring exercise energetics and energy balance. Data derived from these techniques underpin current understanding regarding the metabolic response to nutrition and exercise. Further symposia examined the importance of skeletal muscle for healthy ageing in older men and postmenopausal women. From a nutritional perspective, the potential for animal- v. plant-based protein sources to offset the age-related decline in muscle mass was discussed. The day concluded by discussing the link(s) between nutrition, exercise and brain function. Day 2 commenced with examples of applied equine research illustrating the link between nutrition/exercise and insulin resistance to those of a human model. The final symposium examined the combined role of nutrition and exercise in reducing risk of type 2 diabetes and dyslipidaemia. The overall conclusion from the meeting was that the interaction between diet and physical activity confers greater benefits to human health and performance than either component alone. FAU - Witard, Oliver C
[Nutrition approaches to prevent chronic disease].; Chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, macrovascular disease including coronaropathy and stroke, osteoporosis and various cancer have, in one way or another, food and nutritional determinants and may be considered as nutritionally or environmental-related diseases. There is a growing literature indicating that specific dietary constituents or diet are able to influence the development and the outcome of chronic disease. Long term prospective clinical trials are yet locking to confirm on evidences-based medicine criteria the correlation described between food and disease. However animal as well as epidemiological data suggest that high energy density and low nutrient density which characterized diet in developed countries are the main targets that must be fight. On the basis of current researches, Mediterranean diet seemed to be the best and the more applicable diet in order to have optimal health. Such a diet low in calories and saturated fat and high in fruit and vegetables and in whole grain should become a key composant for reduce the oxidant, inflammatory, atherogenic, mutagenic and hyperinsulinic status and then prevent or delay chronic diseases. FAU - Schlienger, Jean-Louis
Interactions between plasma proteins and naturally occurring polyphenols.; The plant natural products known as polyphenols are found at micronutrient levels in fruits, vegetables, and plant-based beverages such as wine, tea, coffee and cocoa. Consumption of a fruit- and vegetable-rich diet, the "Mediterranean diet", has been epidemiologically related to health benefits especially for chronic diseases including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and Alzheimer's disease. The abundance of polyphenols in plant-rich diets, and the potent bioactivities of polyphenols, provide indirect evidence for a role for polyphenols in maintaining good health. However, molecular mechanisms for therapeutic or preventative activity have not been demonstrated in vivo. We summarize the chemical classes of natural polyphenols, their bioactivities and bioavailability and metabolism. Because many polyphenols bind protein, we focus on the potential of protein binding to mediate the health-related effects of polyphenols. We discuss interactions with plasma proteins as the first target organ past the digestive tract for these orally-ingested compounds. FAU - Li, Min
Aerobic fitness, Mediterranean diet and cardiometabolic risk factors in adults.; INTRODUCTION: Unhealthy lifestyle and inadequate diet could influence the development of future cardiometabolic disease. The main aim of this study was to determine the association between aerobic fitness and cardiometabolic risk factors in adults, whether this relation is depends of adherence to Mediterranean diet (MD). A secondary aim was to study the combined effect of aerobic capacity and adherence to MD on global cardiometabolic risk score (CMRS). METHOD: A total of 79 adults (38% women) enrolled between 18-40 year from Cádiz. We measured adiposity indicators, blood pressure, triglycerides, glucose and inflammatory profile (interleukin-6 and tumor necrosis factor) and was computed (CMRS). Aerobic fitness was measured by maximal oxygen comsuption through an incremental stress test by cycleergometer. The MD patterns was measured using the questionnaire of adherence to MD. The association between aerobic fitness and cardiometabolic risk factors was examined using a lineal regression and it was adjusted for different confounders. CMRS on the lifestyle was analyzed using the ANOVA test, with statistical significance level of P<0.05 in Bonferroni. RESULTS: Linear regression showed inverse association between aerobic fitness and cardiometabolic risk factors (all P≤0.05) in the model without adjustment. Blood pressure and triglycerides lost the association after adjust model for sex, age, and adherence to MD. Participants with high aerobic fitness and high adherence to MD show a lowest CMRS (-1.083±2.325 vs. 2.802±1.759). CONCLUSIONS: Aerobic fitness was inversely associated with fatness risk factors, that relationship is independent to adherence to MD. A high adherence to MD could modulate blood pressure. A combination of high aerobic capacity and high adherence to MD could reduce the adverse consecuence of a low adherencie to MD.
Diet, physical activity and cognitive impairment among elders: the EPIC-Greece cohort (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition).; OBJECTIVES: To identify dietary and lifestyle variables that may affect cognitive function in the elderly. DESIGN: Population-based prospective cohort study. SETTING: General community residing in Athens and the surrounding Attica region of Greece. SUBJECTS: A total of 732 men and women, 60 years or older, participating in the EPIC-Greece cohort (European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition) and residing in the Attica region had sociodemographic, anthropometric, medical, dietary and lifestyle variables ascertained at enrolment (1993-1999). Six to 13 years later, cognitive function was evaluated through the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score and affective state through the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). RESULTS: MMSE score was positively associated with years of formal education, height and physical activity and inversely with age, diabetes mellitus and GDS score (P < 0.05 for all). Among dietary variables, intake of PUFA was inversely associated with cognitive function and this association was largely accounted for by a similar association with seed oils. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet, as well as intake of olive oil, MUFA and SFA exhibited weakly positive but not significant associations. CONCLUSION: Physical activity and early life factors as reflected in height are significant predictors of cognitive function in the elderly. Seed oil consumption may adversely affect cognition, whereas other nutritional factors do not appear to have a quantitatively large effect. FAU - Psaltopoulou, T
The role of dietary and socioeconomic status assessment on the predictive ability of the HellenicSCORE.; INTRODUCTION: The optimal performance of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk models in various populations (such as the Framingham Heart Sheet or the ESC SCORE) is of major interest in risk prediction modeling nowadays. We evaluated whether the inclusion of socioeconomic status (SES) in the HellenicSCORE would increase the accuracy of prediction, irrespectively of dietary information and the classical CVD risk factors. METHODS: Data from 1514 men and 1528 women (age >18 years), who were free of known CVD on enrolment in 2001-02, were studied (the ATTICA study). Five years later a follow up was performed and the development of CVD was defined (WHO-ICD-10 criteria). As SES indicators, education status and mean annual income were recorded, and a special SES 3-class index was calculated (low, moderate and high). The MedDietScore, which incorporates the inherent characteristics of the Mediterranean diet, was used as a dietary assessment tool, while the HellenicSCORE, which reflects the level of CVD risk factors, was also calculated. Additive logistic regression models were used to test the additive effect of SES and dietary assessment on the predictive ability of the HellenicSCORE. RESULTS: SES assessment did not improve the predictive ability of the estimated risk model compared to the model that included the HellenicSCORE, physical activity status, waist-to-hip ratio, diabetes and family history of CVD. Additionally, SES did not improve the predictive ability of the estimated risk model even when dietary assessment was added to the above model. CONCLUSIONS: Socioeconomic status does not improve the predictive ability of a CVD risk model, even when dietary information is also taken into account. FAU - Vlismas, Konstantinos
From the Table to the Tumor: The Role of Mediterranean and Western Dietary Patterns in Shifting Microbial-Mediated Signaling to Impact Breast Cancer Risk. LID - 10.3390/nu11112565 [doi] LID - 2565; Diet is a modifiable component of lifestyle that could influence breast cancer development. The Mediterranean dietary pattern is considered one of the healthiest of all dietary patterns. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet protects against diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Reported consumption of a Mediterranean diet pattern was associated with lower breast cancer risk for women with all subtypes of breast cancer, and a Western diet pattern was associated with greater risk. In this review, we contrast the available epidemiological breast cancer data, comparing the impact of consuming a Mediterranean diet to the Western diet. Furthermore, we will review the preclinical data highlighting the anticancer molecular mechanism of Mediterranean diet consumption in both cancer prevention and therapeutic outcomes. Diet composition is a major constituent shaping the gut microbiome. Distinct patterns of gut microbiota composition are associated with the habitual consumption of animal fats, high-fiber diets, and vegetable-based diets. We will review the impact of Mediterranean diet on the gut microbiome and inflammation. Outside of the gut, we recently demonstrated that Mediterranean diet consumption led to distinct microbiota shifts in the mammary gland tissue, suggesting possible anticancer effects by diet on breast-specific microbiome. Taken together, these data support the anti-breast-cancer impact of Mediterranean diet consumption. FAU - Newman, Tiffany M
Five-year incidence of cardiovascular disease and its predictors in Greece: the ATTICA study.; The 5-year incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its determinants, in a sample of men and women from Greece, was evaluated. From May 2001 to December 2002, 1514 men and 1528 women (>18 years old) without any clinical evidence of CVD, living in the Attica area, Greece, were enrolled in the ATTICA study. In 2006, a group of experts performed the 5-year follow-up (941 of the 3042 (31%) participants were lost to follow-up). Development of CVD (coronary heart disease, acute coronary syndromes, stroke, or other CVD) during the follow-up period was defined according to WHO-ICD-10 criteria. The 5-year incidence of CVD was 11.0% in men and 6.1% in women (p<0.001); the case fatality rate was 1.6%. Multi-adjusted logistic regression analysis revealed that increased age (odds ratio per year=1.09, p=0.04), waist-to-hip ratio (odds ratio=5.07, p=0.02), hypertension (odds ratio=4.53, p=0.001), diabetes (odds ratio=4.53, p=0.001) and C-reactive protein levels (odds ratio per 1 mg/dl=1.31, p=0.02) were the most significant baseline bio-clinical predictors of CVD. Furthermore, an increased education level and greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet (among 35-65-year-old individuals) were associated with a lower CVD incidence (odds ratio per 3 years of school difference=0.83, p<0.001 and odds ratio per 1/55 units in diet score=0.94, p<0.001), irrespective of various potential confounders. In conclusion, aging, central fat, hypertension and diabetes, inflammation process, low social status and abstinence from a Mediterranean diet seem to predict CVD events within a 5-year period. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
Net Blood Pressure Reduction Following 9 Months of Lifestyle and High-Intensity Interval Training Intervention in Individuals With Abdominal Obesity.; The authors aimed to study the impact of a combined 9-month lifestyle program (Mediterranean diet nutritional counselling, and high-intensity interval training twice a week) on blood pressure (BP) in individuals with abdominal obesity, taking into account the regression-to-the-mean phenomena. A total of 115 participants (53±9 years; 84 women; waist circumference [WC]: 111±13 cm; systolic/diastolic BP [SBP/DBP]: 133±13/82±8 mm Hg; 13% diabetics; 12% smokers; and 30% taking antihypertensive therapy) were retrospectively analyzed before and after the program. After 9 months, we observed an improvement in weight (-5.2±5.6 kg) and WC (-6.3±6.0 cm), and an average SBP/DBP net decrease of -5.1±13.7/-2.8±8.7 mm Hg. These changes were not uniform: 67 participants (58%) decreased their SBP by 2 mm Hg or more. The characteristics of responders included a higher baseline BP than nonresponders (SBP/DBP: 137.2±13.7/83.1±7.3 mm Hg vs 127.0±10.3/80.0±7.3 mm Hg, P<.05) and a higher proportion of participants with a baseline BP ≥130/85 mm Hg (81% vs 52%, P=.001) or with the metabolic syndrome (75% vs 54%, P=.02).
Nuts in the prevention and treatment of metabolic syndrome.; Nuts are rich in many bioactive compounds that can exert beneficial effects on cardiovascular health. We reviewed the evidence relating nut consumption and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components. Nuts reduce the postprandial glycemic response; however, long-term trials of nuts on insulin resistance and glycemic control in diabetic individuals are inconsistent. Epidemiologic studies have shown that nuts may lower the risk of diabetes incidence in women. Few studies have assessed the association between nuts and abdominal obesity, although an inverse association with body mass index and general obesity has been observed. Limited evidence suggests that nuts have a protective effect on blood pressure and endothelial function. Nuts have a cholesterol-lowering effect, but the relation between nuts and hypertriglyceridemia and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol is not well established. A recent pooled analysis of clinical trials showed that nuts are inversely related to triglyceride concentrations only in subjects with hypertriglyceridemia. An inverse association was found between the frequency of nut consumption and the prevalence and the incidence of MetS. Several trials evaluated the effect of nuts on subjects with MetS and found that they may have benefits in some components. Compared with a low-fat diet, a Mediterranean diet enriched with nuts could be beneficial for MetS management. The protective effects on metabolism could be explained by the modulation of inflammation and oxidation. Further trials are needed to clarify the role of nuts in MetS prevention and treatment.
Use of vitamin-mineral supplements by female physicians in the United States.; BACKGROUND: Rates of vitamin-mineral supplement use by US female physicians are unknown but are of particular interest for several epidemiologic and clinical reasons. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine rates of and variations in vitamin-mineral supplement use among US female physicians. DESIGN: We used data from the Women Physicians' Health Study, a large (n = 4501) national, randomly sampled mail survey of female physicians aged 30-70 y. RESULTS: Half of the physicians took a multivitamin-mineral supplement; 35.5% of these did so regularly. However, </=33% took any supplement other than calcium and <20% did so regularly. Regular vitamin-mineral supplement use increased with age, and antioxidant intake was higher in those at high risk of heart disease. Those with a history of osteoporosis were nearly 3 times as likely as those with no history to take supplemental calcium regularly. Those who took any supplement regularly also consumed more fruit and vegetables daily than did occasional users or nonusers (P: < 0.0001). Regular users of any supplement also consumed less fat than did occasional users or nonusers (P: < 0.01). Additionally, vegetarians were more likely than were nonvegetarians to regularly consume any supplement (59.9% compared with 46.3%; P: < 0.001) and those who regularly consumed any supplement were more likely to comply with US Preventive Services Task Force guidelines than were those who were occasional users or nonusers (72.4% compared with 66.5% and 60.2%; P: < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Female physicians, particularly those who were especially health conscious or at higher risk of heart disease or osteoporosis, used supplements at rates at least equal to those of women in the general population. FAU - Frank, E
Dietary habits and cardiovascular disease risk in middle-aged and elderly populations: a review of evidence.; BACKGROUND: The proportion of elderly is increasing worldwide. This trend is paralleled by an increase in chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease. A limited number of studies have investigated the effect of diet on cardiometabolic risk factors (such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, obesity) in older populations, despite the fact that diet plays a significant role in elderly health. In this review, a summary of studies that have evaluated the effect of dietary habits on cardiovascular disease risk in elderly populations is presented. METHODS: A search was made in available databases (PubMed and Scopus) looking for results from observational studies and clinical trials that assessed dietary habits on cardiovascular disease risk in elderly populations (>65 years old). Studies during the last decade were retrieved and summarized. RESULTS: All eight of the reviewed observational studies and all three reviewed clinical trials performed in elderly populations reported an inverse association between healthy dietary patterns with cardiovascular disease risk and its predisposing markers. CONCLUSION: Dietary intervention strategies should be implemented in older adults, in order to prevent cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality, and improve quality of life. FAU - Tourlouki, Eleni
Nutrition Interventions for Cardiovascular Disease.; Nutrition therapy is effective at controlling cardiovascular disease risk factors and therefore reducing cardiovascular disease risk. Physicians should play an active role in providing nutrition interventions for patients who would benefit from cardiovascular disease risk reduction or refer them to other professionals as needed. The evidence on nutrition interventions for blood pressure and lipid control, including overall dietary patterns, dietary fat and macronutrients, dietary cholesterol, sodium, and alcohol intake, is discussed.
Nordic diet, Mediterranean diet, and the risk of chronic diseases: the EPIC-Potsdam study.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) has been acknowledged as a healthy diet. However, its relation with risk of major chronic diseases in non-Mediterranean countries is inconclusive. The Nordic diet is proposed as an alternative across Northern Europe, although its associations with the risk of chronic diseases remain controversial. We aimed to investigate the association between the Nordic diet and the MedDiet with the risk of chronic disease (type 2 diabetes (T2D), myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, and cancer) in the EPIC-Potsdam cohort. METHODS: The EPIC-Potsdam cohort recruited 27,548 participants between 1994 and 1998. After exclusion of prevalent cases, we evaluated baseline adherence to a score reflecting the Nordic diet and two MedDiet scores (tMDS, reflecting the traditional MedDiet score, and the MedPyr score, reflecting the MedDiet Pyramid). Cox regression models were applied to examine the association between the diet scores and the incidence of major chronic diseases. RESULTS: During a follow-up of 10.6 years, 1376 cases of T2D, 312 of MI, 321 of stroke, and 1618 of cancer were identified. The Nordic diet showed a statistically non-significant inverse association with incidence of MI in the overall population and of stroke in men. Adherence to the MedDiet was associated with lower incidence of T2D (HR per 1 SD 0.93, 95% CI 0.88-0.98 for the tMDS score and 0.92, 0.87-0.97 for the MedPyr score). In women, the MedPyr score was also inversely associated with MI. No association was observed for any of the scores with cancer. CONCLUSIONS: In the EPIC-Potsdam cohort, the Nordic diet showed a possible beneficial effect on MI in the overall population and for stroke in men, while both scores reflecting the MedDiet conferred lower risk of T2D in the overall population and of MI in women. FAU - Galbete, Cecilia
The metabolic fitness program: lifestyle modification for the metabolic syndrome using the resources of cardiac rehabilitation.; PURPOSE: To describe and assess the effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention program (Met Fit) designed to treat the metabolic syndrome (MetSyn) in a cardiac rehabilitation setting. METHODS: Met Fit is a physician referred and patient pay ($350) program consisting of 12 weekly sessions of 45 minutes of exercise and 45 minutes of education with target exercise recommendations of 150 to 200 minutes weekly and 5% loss in body weight using a Mediterranean-style diet. Primary outcomes are compliance with program recommendations and secondary outcomes effecting MetSyn components. RESULTS: Patients (N = 126) were enrolled between June 2005 and July 2009 averaging 9 per class. Mean (SD) age was 51(12) years, body mass index 38(6.9) kg/m, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol for men 37(9.4) mg/dL and women 46(10) mg/dL, glucose 121(39) mg/dL, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance 7.2(6.1). For the 93 (73.8%) patients for whom there was complete data, mean weight loss was 6.2(6.9) lbs, [corrected] 63.4% lost at least 4 lbs, [corrected] and 19.4% lost more than 5% of weight. Significant reductions were observed in the waist circumference and body fat, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Triglycerides decreased significantly in both diabetics and nondiabetics but glucose decreased significantly only in diabetics. At baseline, 51% had evidence of depression, which decreased to 24.7% at 12 weeks. At program completion, 18 patients (19.4%) no longer had the MetSyn and 39 (41.9%) lost at least 1 criterion (P < .0001). CONCLUSIONS: A 12-week patient-pay lifestyle interventional program conducted in a cardiac rehabilitation setting can result in a highly significant benefit to patients with the MetSyn. FAU - Rubenfire, Melvyn
Vegetable-Based Diets for Chronic Kidney Disease? It Is Time to Reconsider. LID - 10.3390/nu11061263 [doi] LID - 1263; Traditional dietary recommendations to renal patients limited the intake of fruits and vegetables because of their high potassium content. However, this paradigm is rapidly changing due to the multiple benefits derived from a fundamentally vegetarian diet such as, improvement in gut dysbiosis, reducing the number of pathobionts and protein-fermenting species leading to a decreased production of the most harmful uremic toxins, while the high fiber content of these diets enhances intestinal motility and short-chain fatty acid production. Metabolic acidosis in chronic kidney disease (CKD) is aggravated by the high consumption of meat and refined cereals, increasing the dietary acid load, while the intake of fruit and vegetables is able to neutralize the acidosis and its deleterious consequences. Phosphorus absorption and bioavailability is also lower in a vegetarian diet, reducing hyperphosphatemia, a known cause of cardiovascular mortality in CKD. The richness of multiple plants in magnesium and vitamin K avoids their deficiency, which is common in these patients. These beneficial effects, together with the reduction of inflammation and oxidative stress observed with these diets, may explain the reduction in renal patients' complications and mortality, and may slow CKD progression. Finally, although hyperkalemia is the main concern of these diets, the use of adequate cooking techniques can minimize the amount absorbed. FAU - Cases, Aleix
Health Benefits of the Mediterranean Diet: Metabolic and Molecular Mechanisms.; Consuming a Mediterranean diet rich in minimally processed plant foods has been associated with a reduced risk of developing multiple chronic diseases and increased life expectancy. Data from several randomized clinic trials have demonstrated a beneficial effect in the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and breast cancer. The exact mechanism by which an increased adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet exerts its favorable effects is not known. However, accumulating evidence indicates that the five most important adaptations induced by the Mediterranean dietary pattern are: (a) lipid-lowering effect, (b) protection against oxidative stress, inflammation and platelet aggregation, (c) modification of hormones and growth factors involved in the pathogenesis of cancer, (d) inhibition of nutrient sensing pathways by specific amino acid restriction, and (e) gut microbiota-mediated production of metabolites influencing metabolic health. More studies are needed to understand how single modifications of nutrients typical of the Mediterranean diet interact with energy intake, energy expenditure, and the microbiome in modulating the key mechanisms that promote cellular, tissue, and organ health during aging. FAU - Tosti, Valeria
The Association of Dietary Quality Indices and Cancer Mortality: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Cohort Studies.; This study aimed to systematically review and do a meta-analysis on available evidence on the association of diet quality indices with cancer mortality. We searched for relevant papers published up to August 2017 through Web of science, PubMed/Medline, Scopus, and Google Scholar. Prospective cohort studies examined the association of any dietary quality indices with cancer mortality were included. Overall, 27 publications were included. There was significant inverse associations between the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet (HR: 0.85; 95% CI: 0.79, 0.91; I(2) = 81.8%), the Alternative Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) (HR: 0.90; 95% CI: 0.85, 0.95; I(2): 61.5), the healthy eating index (HEI) (RR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.75, 0.89; I(2): 89.5%) and cancer mortality. Significant associations with the lowest heterogeneity between Diet Quality Index (DQI) (HR: 0.91; 95% CI: 0.89-0.93, I(2) = 0.0%), alternative Mediterranean Diet (aMED) (RR: 0.81; 95% CI: 0.78-0.83, I(2) = 1.7%), and HEI-2010 (HR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.69-0.98, I(2) = 0.0%) and death due to cancer were also found. However, the Recommended Food Score, Dietary Diversity Score (DDS), and HEI-2005 were not related with cancer mortality. Adherence to DASH diet, AHEI, HEI, DQI, aMED, and HEI-2010 decreased the risk of cancer mortality. FAU - Milajerdi, Alireza
The high-fat Greek diet: a recipe for all?; OBJECTIVE: To examine critically the published results of dietary surveys on the fat content of the Greek diet, and to assess its evolution and its relationship to the health of the Greeks. To consider the implications of these findings for current views on the nature and health implications of the traditional Mediterranean diet and how best to define it for use in modern policy making. DESIGN: A systematic review of the literature on food consumption in Greece. SETTING: Greece. RESULTS: The first fully published data on the fat content of the Greek diet-the Seven Countries Survey-relates only to a small number of adult males in Crete and Corfu; the legitimacy of extrapolating these results to the rest of Greece is questioned. Earlier studies and chemical validation of intakes point to a lower fat content of the traditional diet than that inferred for Crete. Nearly all later surveys relate only to urban groups in Athens (mostly case-control hospital-based samples) and a variety of non-representative Cretan groups. Only two studies are larger and more representative, but one uses FAO food balance-sheets to reflect the national diet, and the other surveyed school-age children in three out of the 52 Greek counties. Unfortunately recent dietary studies have proved unreliable, given the continuing lack of national food composition tables with survey methods which proved inaccurate for dietary fat content. A progressive upward trend in total and saturated fat intake appears to have occurred with all health indicators in relation to fat indicating remarkable increases in adult and childhood obesity with attendant progressive deterioration in cardiovascular mortality and its risk factors, ie hypertension and diabetes. These data emphasise the need to alter current nutritional advice in Greece, particularly when it focuses on the promotion of olive oil and a high-fat diet. CONCLUSIONS: The findings reaffirm low-moderate fat policies for optimum health, within which olive oil can be an important component of the diet. FAU - Ferro-Luzzi, A
The Association of a Mediterranean-Style Diet Pattern with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Status in a Community Cohort Study.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common condition in reproductive-aged women. While lifestyle management is first-line treatment in PCOS, the dietary intake of women with PCOS is unclear and there is no research assessing dietary patterns of women with and without PCOS. The aim of this study was to examine dietary patterns in a large cohort of women with and without PCOS. Data were from 7569 participants in the 1973-1978 cohort of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health population assessed at 2009 (Survey 5) (n = 414 PCOS, n = 7155 non-PCOS). Dietary patterns were evaluated using factor analysis and multiple logistic regressions assessed their associations with PCOS status. Three dietary patterns were identified that explained 27% of the variance in food intake between women with and without PCOS: Non-core foods; Meats and take-away and Mediterranean-style. The Mediterranean-style dietary pattern was independently associated with PCOS status. On adjusted analysis for each 1 SD increase in the Mediterranean-style dietary pattern, there was a 26% greater likelihood that women had PCOS. This may indicate an improvement in the quality of dietary intake following a diagnosis of PCOS. Future research should examine the contribution of dietary patterns to the incidence and severity of PCOS and the potential for modification of dietary patterns in the lifestyle management of PCOS. FAU - Moran, Lisa J
Validation of a self-administered version of the Mediterranean diet scale (MDS) for cardiac rehabilitation patients in Canada.; The Mediterranean dietary pattern has been linked with lower incidence of cardiovascular disease and the Mediterranean diet scale (MDS) has been created to incorporate and test the inherent characteristics of this dietary pattern. This study aimed to psychometrically validate a self-administered version of the MDS in cardiac rehabilitation (CR) patients in Canada. To establish content validity, the scale was reviewed by an expert interdisciplinary panel. A final version of the tool was tested in 150 CR patients. Cronbach's alpha was 0.69. All ICC coefficients met the minimum recommended standard. Factor analysis revealed four factors, all internally consistent. Criterion validity was supported by significant differences in total scores by duration in CR. Construct validity was supported by agreements between the self-administered MDS and original MDS in all items and with the 3-day food record in 8 of 13 items. In conclusion, the self-administered version of the MDS demonstrated good reliability and validity. FAU - Ghisi, Gabriela Lima de Melo
Improving Adherence to Mediterranean-Style Diet With a Community Culinary Coaching Program: Methodology Development and Process Evaluation.; The Community Culinary Coaching Program is a community-based participatory program aimed at improving communal settlement residents' nutrition. The residents, central kitchens, preschools, and communal dining rooms were identified as areas for intervention. Evaluation included goals accomplishment assessed by food purchases by the central kitchens, and residents' feedback through focus groups. Purchasing included more vegetables (mean (standard error) percent change), (+7% (4); P = .32), fish (+115% (11); P < .001), whole grains, and legumes (+77% (9); P < .001); and less soup powders (-40% (9); P < .05), processed beef (-55% (8); P < .001), and margarine (-100% (4); P < .001). Residents recommended continuing the program beyond the project duration. This model might be useful in organizations with communal dining facilities. FAU - Polak, Rani
Lifestyle and health determinants of cardiovascular disease among Greek older adults living in Eastern Aegean Islands: An adventure within the MEDIS study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to evaluate lifestyle and health determinants of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among Greek elderly residents living in Eastern Aegean islands, in both Greece and Turkey. METHODS: Under the context of the MEDIS study, 724 older adults (aged 65 to 100 years) from 8 Eastern Aegean Sea Greek islands (n=100 living in Samothrace, 142 in Lesvos, 150 in Limnos, 76 in Ikaria, 52 in Kassos, 149 in Rhodes and Karpathos) and from Turkey (n=55older adults of Greek origin living on Gökçeada Island) were voluntarily recruited. Overall cardiometabolic risk was measured as the sum (range 0-4) of four common CVD risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia and obesity). RESULTS: Greek islanders had higher CVD scores compared to Greeks of Gökçeada (1.9±1.1 vs 1.4±1.0 risk factors / participant, p<0.001). Further analysis revealed that the diet of Greek islanders was similar to the traditional Mediterranean diet; however, these individuals demonstrated 2-times higher odds (95% CI, 1.04-3.87) for having hypertension, 1.53-times higher odds (95% CI, 0.66-3.54) for having diabetes, 3.29-times higher odds (95% CI, 1.58-6.81) for having hypercholesterolemia; whereas they had 0.78-times lower odds (95% CI, 0.40-1.52) for being obese, compared to elderly Greek adults living on Gökçeada. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, CVD risk seems to be low among Eastern Aegean Islanders; certain differences in CVD risk factors exist between Greek islanders and their counterparts living in Gökçeada, and those differences may be attributed to various environmental, cultural and lifestyle factors.
Mediterranean diet, physical activity and subcutaneous advanced glycation end-products' accumulation: a cross-sectional analysis in the ILERVAS project.; PURPOSE: Adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and physical activity have been associated to lower cardiovascular risk and mortality. Our purpose was to test the modification of advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) as one of the underlying mechanisms explaining this relationship. METHODS: Cross-sectional study assessing the adherence to MedDiet (14-item Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener) and physical activity (International Physical Activity Questionnaire short form) in 2646 middle-aged subjects without known cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes from the ILERVAS study. Skin autofluorescence (SAF), a non-invasive assessment of subcutaneous AGEs, was measured. Multivariable logistic regression models were done to study interactions and independent associations with a likelihood ratio test. RESULTS: Participants with a high adherence to MedDiet had lower SAF than those with low adherence (1.8 [IR 1.6; 2.1] vs. 2.0 [IR 1.7; 2.3] arbitrary units, p < 0.001), without differences according to categories of physical activity. There was an independent association between high adherence to MedDiet and the SAF values [OR 0.59 (0.37-0.94), p = 0.026]. When adherence to MedDiet was substituted by its individual food components, high intake of vegetables, fruits and nuts, and low intake of sugar-sweetened soft beverages were independently associated with a decreased SAF (p ≤ 0.045). No interaction between MedDiet and physical activity on SAF values was observed except for nuts consumption (p = 0.047). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the MedDiet, but not physical activity, was negatively associated to SAF measurements. This association can be explained by some typical food components of the MedDiet. The present study offers a better understanding of the plausible biological conditions underlying the prevention of cardiovascular disease with MedDiet. ClinTrials.gov identifier: NCT03228459. FAU - Sánchez, Enric
Composition of foods commonly used in diets for persons with diabetes.; Information on the carbohydrate, protein, fat, kilocalorie, and plant fiber content of 152 common foods has been collated. These data are based on information currently available and will need to be modified and updated as more information emerges. These data are presented in six tables that follow the format of the commonly used Exchange Lists for Meal Planning for patients with diabetes mellitus. FAU - Anderson, J W
Effect of nutritional status and dietary patterns on human serum C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 concentrations.; The inflammatory process plays an important role in the pathogenesis of many chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus type 2, and metabolic syndrome. Serum C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) are widely tested inflammatory markers involved in the development of these diseases. Several studies indicate a relation between nutritional status and the concentrations of human high-sensitivity CRP and IL-6. Similarly, the role of diet in reducing inflammation and thereby modulating the risk of non-communicable diseases is supported by numerous studies. This review focuses on the effects of the selected nutrition models in humans on the concentrations of CRP and IL-6. It seems that the Mediterranean diet model is most effective in inhibiting inflammation. The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension model and the plant nutrition model also have proven to be beneficial. The data on low-fat and low-carbohydrate diets are inconclusive. Comprehensive studies are necessary, taking into account the cumulative effect of dietary and other factors on the inflammatory process.
Impact of dietary polyphenols on carbohydrate metabolism.; Polyphenols, including flavonoids, phenolic acids, proanthocyanidins and resveratrol, are a large and heterogeneous group of phytochemicals in plant-based foods, such as tea, coffee, wine, cocoa, cereal grains, soy, fruits and berries. Growing evidence indicates that various dietary polyphenols may influence carbohydrate metabolism at many levels. In animal models and a limited number of human studies carried out so far, polyphenols and foods or beverages rich in polyphenols have attenuated postprandial glycemic responses and fasting hyperglycemia, and improved acute insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity. The possible mechanisms include inhibition of carbohydrate digestion and glucose absorption in the intestine, stimulation of insulin secretion from the pancreatic beta-cells, modulation of glucose release from the liver, activation of insulin receptors and glucose uptake in the insulin-sensitive tissues, and modulation of intracellular signalling pathways and gene expression. The positive effects of polyphenols on glucose homeostasis observed in a large number of in vitro and animal models are supported by epidemiological evidence on polyphenol-rich diets. To confirm the implications of polyphenol consumption for prevention of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and eventually type 2 diabetes, human trials with well-defined diets, controlled study designs and clinically relevant end-points together with holistic approaches e.g., systems biology profiling technologies are needed. FAU - Hanhineva, Kati
Using a smartphone app in changing cardiovascular risk factors: A randomized controlled trial (EVIDENT II study).; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The last few years have seen the appearance many mobile applications aimed at improving health, but studies analyzing their effectiveness on cardiovascular risk factors (CVRFs) are few and far between. Our aim was to assess the effect on CVRFs such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and global CVR, of adding the use of a smartphone app to an intervention consisting of standard counseling on physical activity and the Mediterranean diet. METHOD: This is a multicenter, randomized and controlled clinical trial. From January 2014 and September 2016, a total of 833 subjects selected by random sampling from six health centers participated. Of these, 415 were assigned to the counseling + app group (IG) and 418 to the counseling only group (CG). The IG additionally received training in the use of a mobile application. The main outcome was the change in CVRFs and estimated CVR at 3 and 12 months in the IG compared to the CG. RESULTS: No significant changes were observed at 3 or 12 months in terms of CVR. Nevertheless, an effect between groups was observed in favor of the CG at 12 months in some CVRFS: SBP, DBP, total cholesterol and triglycerides: 2.02 mmHg (95%CI: 0.43-3.61), 1.21 mmHg (95%CI: 0.20-2.24), 5.24 mg/dl (95%CI: 1.22-9.26) and 7.24 mg/dl (95%CI: 0.53-14.32). CONCLUSION: Adding an intervention with the use of an app for three months to standard counseling on diet and physical activity, does not provide additional benefits for improving CVRFs or the estimated CVR in the long term. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02016014.
Retracted: Effect of a high-fat Mediterranean diet on bodyweight and waist circumference: a prespecified secondary outcomes analysis of the PREDIMED randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Because of the high density of fat, high-fat diets are perceived as likely to lead to increased bodyweight, hence health-care providers are reluctant to recommend them to overweight or obese individuals. We assessed the long-term effects of ad libitum, high-fat, high-vegetable-fat Mediterranean diets on bodyweight and waist circumference in older people at risk of cardiovascular disease, most of whom were overweight or obese. METHODS: PREDIMED was a 5 year parallel-group, multicentre, randomised, controlled clinical trial done in primary care centres affiliated to 11 hospitals in Spain. 7447 asymptomatic men (aged 55-80 years) and women (aged 60-80 years) who had type 2 diabetes or three or more cardiovascular risk factors were randomly assigned (1:1:1) with a computer-generated number sequence to one of three interventions: Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (n=2543); Mediterranean diet supplemented with nuts (n=2454); or a control diet (advice to reduce dietary fat; n=2450). Energy restriction was not advised, nor was physical activity promoted. In this analysis of the trial, we measured bodyweight and waist circumference at baseline and yearly for 5 years in the intention-to-treat population. The PREDIMED trial is registered with ISRCTN.com, number ISRCTN35739639. FINDINGS: After a median 4·8 years (IQR 2·8-5·8) of follow-up, participants in all three groups had marginally reduced bodyweight and increased waist circumference. The adjusted difference in 5 year changes in bodyweight in the Mediterranean diet with olive oil group was -0·43 kg (95% CI -0·86 to -0·01; p=0·044) and in the nut group was -0·08 kg (-0·50 to 0·35; p=0·730), compared with the control group. The adjusted difference in 5 year changes in waist circumference was -0·55 cm (-1·16 to -0·06; p=0·048) in the Mediterranean diet with olive oil group and -0·94 cm (-1·60 to -0·27; p=0·006) in the nut group, compared with the control group. INTERPRETATION: A long-term intervention with an unrestricted-calorie, high-vegetable-fat Mediterranean diet was associated with decreases in bodyweight and less gain in central adiposity compared with a control diet. These results lend support to advice not restricting intake of healthy fats for bodyweight maintenance. FUNDING: Spanish Government, CIBERobn, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Hojiblanca, Patrimonio Comunal Olivarero, California Walnut Commission, Borges SA, and Morella Nuts.
Effects of Mediterranean Diet and Physical Activity on Pulmonary Function: A Cross-Sectional Analysis in the ILERVAS Project. LID - 10.3390/nu11020329 [doi] LID - 329; A few studies showed that both adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and physical activity practice have a positive impact on pulmonary function in subjects with lung disease. These associations are not well studied in subjects free from lung disease. In a cross-sectional study conducted in 3020 middle-aged subjects free of lung disease, adherence to the MedDiet using the Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener, and physical activity practice using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire short form were recorded. Respiratory function was assessed using forced spirometry and the results were evaluated according to the Global initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease. Logistic regression models were used to analyze the associations between adherence to the MedDiet and physical activity practice with the presence of ventilatory defects. Participants with a high adherence to MedDiet, in comparison to those with low adherence, had both higher forced vital capacity (FVC; 100 (87⁻109) vs. 94 (82⁻105) % of predicted, p = 0.003) and forced expired volume in the first second (FEV1; 100 (89⁻112) vs. 93 (80⁻107) % of predicted, p < 0.001). According to their degree of physical activity, those subjects with a high adherence also had both higher FVC (100 (88⁻107) vs. 94 (83⁻105) % of predicted, p = 0.027) and FEV1 (100 (89⁻110) vs. 95 (84⁻108) % of predicted, p = 0.047) in comparison with those with low adherence. The multivariable logistic regression models showed a significant and independent association between both low adherence to MedDiet and low physical activity practice, and the presence of altered pulmonary patterns, with differences between men and women. However, no joint effect between adherence to MedDiet and physical activity practice on respiratory function values was observed. Low adherence to MedDiet and low physical activity practice were independently associated with pulmonary impairment. Therefore, the lung mechanics seem to benefit from heart-healthy lifestyle behaviors. FAU - Gutiérrez-Carrasquilla, Liliana
Health benefits of the Mediterranean Diet: an update of research over the last 5 years.; The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) has been reported to be protective against the occurrence of several diseases. Increasing evidence suggests that the MedDiet could counter diseases associated with chronic inflammation, including metabolic syndrome, atherosclerosis, cancer, diabetes, obesity, pulmonary diseases, and cognition disorders. Adoption of a MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on the secretion of anti-inflammatory cytokines, antioxidant cellular and circulating biomarkers as well as with regulation of gene polymorphisms involved in the atherosclerotic process. The MedDiet has been considered for the prevention of cardiovascular and other chronic degenerative diseases focusing on the impact of a holistic dietary approach rather than on single nutrients. Epidemiological dietary scores measuring adherence to a MedDiet have been developed. This narrative review considers the results of up-to-date clinical studies (with a focus on the last 5 years) that evaluated the effectiveness of the MedDiet in reducing the prevalence of chronic and degenerative diseases.
Tissue Level Diet and Sex-by-Diet Interactions Reveal Unique Metabolite and Clustering Profiles Using Untargeted Liquid Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry on Adipose, Skeletal Muscle, and Liver Tissue in C57BL6/J Mice.; Dietary intervention is commonly used for weight loss or to improve health, as diet-induced obesity increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, stroke, osteoarthritis, and certain cancers. Various dietary patterns are associated with effects on health, yet little is known about the effects of diet at the tissue level. Using untargeted metabolomics, this study aimed to identify changes in water-soluble metabolites in C57BL/6J males and females fed one of five diets (Japanese, ketogenic, Mediterranean, American, and standard mouse chow) for 7 months. Metabolite abundance was examined in liver, skeletal muscle, and adipose tissue for sex, diet, and sex-by-diet interaction. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) suggests that liver tissue has the most metabolic plasticity under dietary changes compared with adipose and skeletal muscle. The ketogenic diet was distinguishable from other diets for both males and females according to partial least-squares discriminant analysis. Pathway analysis revealed that the majority of pathways affected play an important role in amino acid metabolism in liver tissue. Not surprisingly, amino acid profiles were affected by dietary patterns in skeletal muscle. Few metabolites were significantly altered in adipose tissue relative to skeletal muscle and liver tissue, indicating that it was largely stable, regardless of diet alterations. The results of this study revealed that the ketogenic diet had the largest effect on physiology, particularly for females. Furthermore, metabolomics analysis revealed that diet affects metabolites in a tissue-specific manner and that liver was most sensitive to dietary changes. FAU - Wells, Ann
Short-term consumption of a plant protein diet does not improve glucose homeostasis of young C57BL/6J mice.; Recently, it has become apparent that dietary macronutrient composition has a profound impact on metabolism, health and even lifespan. Work from many laboratories now suggest that dietary protein quality - the precise amino acid composition of the diet, as well as possibly the source of dietary protein - may also be critical in regulating the impact of diet on health. Perhaps in part due to the naturally low methionine content of plants, vegan diets are associated with a decreased risk of diabetes and improved insulin sensitivity, but this association is confounded by the lower overall protein intake of vegans. Here, we test the effect of consuming isocaloric rodent diets with similar amino acid profiles derived from either plant protein or dairy protein. We find that male C57BL/6J mice consuming either diet have similar glycemic control, as assessed by glucose, insulin, and pyruvate tolerance tests, and have similar overall body composition. We conclude that short-term feeding of plant protein has no positive or negative effect on the metabolic health of young male C57BL/6J mice, and suggest that dietary interventions that alter either dietary protein levels or the levels of specific essential amino acids are more likely to improve metabolic health than alterations in dietary protein source. FAU - Lamming, Dudley W
Beneﬁcial health effects of lupenone triterpene: A review.; There are a large number of new structure compounds with good pharmacological activity in the natural plants, can be applied to the treatment of human diseases. Finding active ingredients from the plants is one of the important ways to develop new drugs. Triterpenes are widespread in plants, and lupenone belongs to lupane type triterpenoids. Lupenone is very common natural ingredient distributed in multi-family plants including Asteraceae, Balanophoraceae, Cactaceae, Iridaceae, Musaceae, Urticaceae, Leguminosae, Bombacaceae, etc., but its distribution has no regular. The consumption of lupenone in vegetarian diet is high in human life. Pharmacological screening of lupenone revealed various pharmacological activities including anti-inflammatory, anti-virus, anti-diabetes, anti-cancer, improving Chagas disease without major toxicity. Based on these important pharmacological activities, this review provides detailed account of pre-clinical studies conducted to determine the utility of lupenone as a therapeutic and chemopreventive agent for the treatment of various diseases.
Is There an Optimal Diet for Weight Management and Metabolic Health?; Individuals can lose body weight and improve health status on a wide range of energy (calorie)-restricted dietary interventions. In this paper, we have reviewed the effectiveness of the most commonly utilized diets, including low-fat, low-carbohydrate, and Mediterranean approaches, in addition to commercial slimming programs, meal replacements, and newly popularized intermittent fasting diets. We also consider the role of artificial sweeteners in weight management. Low-fat diets tend to improve low-density lipoprotein cholesterol the most, while lower-carbohydrate diets may preferentially improve triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. However, differences between diets are marginal. Weight loss improves almost all obesity-related co-morbidities and metabolic markers, regardless of the macronutrient composition of the diet, but individuals do vary in preferences and ability to adhere to different diets. Optimizing adherence is the most important factor for weight loss success, and this is enhanced by regular professional contact and supportive behavioral change programs. Maintaining weight losses in the long term remains the biggest challenge, and is undermined by an "obesogenic" environment and biological adaptations that accompany weight loss.
Mediterranean Diet, Cognitive Function, and Dementia: A Systematic Review of the Evidence.; A growing body of evidence suggests that adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) may protect against cognitive decline and dementia. Many epidemiologic studies and several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have found positive effects of the MD on cognitive function, but findings remain inconsistent. The aim of this systematic review was to provide an update on the current knowledge of the effects of the MD on cognitive function, cognitive impairment, Alzheimer disease (AD), and all-type dementia. Five databases were searched-PubMed, Embase, CINAHL, CENTRAL, and PsycINFO (1806 to 25 May 2015)-with the use of prespecified criteria. Human studies that were published in English without any restriction on study type, population assessed, intervention period, follow-up time, or publication date, and that examined the association between adherence to the MD and cognitive function or dementia symptoms (as measured by cognitive function tests), were included. Only primary publication types were included. Thirty-two studies from 25 unique cohorts, including 5 RCTs and 27 observational studies, met the inclusion criteria. The majority of studies showed that the MD was associated with improved cognitive function, a decreased risk of cognitive impairment or decreased risk of dementia, or AD. Three studies found no correlation between the MD and AD, 3 further studies found no association between the MD and cognitive impairment, and 5 studies found no association between the MD and cognitive function. There was large heterogeneity, and studies differed with regard to quality. Based on the findings and the limitations in study design, we conclude that adherence to the MD is associated with better cognitive performance. However, it should be noted that the majority of findings come from epidemiologic studies that provide evidence for a correlation between the MD and cognition but not for a cause-and-effect relation. More controlled trials are required to establish a causational relation.
Advances in Understanding the Molecular Basis of the Mediterranean Diet Effect.; Increasingly, studies showing the protective effects of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on different diseases (cardiovascular, diabetes, some cancers, and even total mortality and aging indicators) are being published. The scientific evidence level for each outcome is variable, and new studies are needed to better understand the molecular mechanisms whereby the MedDiet may exercise its effects. Here, we present recent advances in understanding the molecular basis of MedDiet effects, mainly focusing on cardiovascular diseases but also discussing other related diseases. There is heterogeneity in defining the MedDiet, and it can, owing to its complexity, be considered as an exposome with thousands of nutrients and phytochemicals. We review MedDiet composition and assessment as well as the latest advances in the genomic, epigenomic (DNA methylation, histone modifications, microRNAs, and other emerging regulators), transcriptomic (selected genes and whole transcriptome), and metabolomic and metagenomic aspects of the MedDiet effects (as a whole and for its most typical food components). We also present a critical review of the limitations of the studies undertaken and propose new analyses and greater bioinformatic integration to better understand the most important molecular mechanisms whereby the MedDiet as a whole, or its main food components, may exercise their protective effects. FAU - Corella, Dolores
The Mediterranean diet and gastrointestinal cancers risk.; It is known that the Mediterranean diet (MD), which is characterized by high consumption of vegetables, fruits, cereals, beans, nuts, and olive oil, moderate consumption of fish, white meat, eggs, dairy products, and alcohol, and low consumption of red meat, processed meats, and foods rich in sugars or fats, can reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases, and cancers. Previous epidemiologic studies had confirmed the protective role in the incidence and mortality of gastrointestinal cancers. This review discusses MD and gastrointestinal cancers risk through the studies which examined esophageal cancer, gastric cancer, pancreatic cancer, or colorectal cancer. According to recent studies, MD is associated with a significant reduction in the risk of gastrointestinal cancers. But there is a lack of decisive evidence for the association between MD and its adjuvant treatment effect for gastrointestinal cancers. Considering the complexity of tumor etiology, we propose to design more related researches and more comprehensive data, which include diet, exercise and psychological integrated researches to reveal the relationship between MD and cancer. FAU - Wang, Qianxin
Mediterranean diet and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: the need of extended and comprehensive interventions.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is mostly related to increased BMI and sedentary life, even if it not directly attributable only to these or to single specific factors. Unhealthy lifestyle and obesity are the most probable causes, also in non-diabetic and without alcohol abuse patients, even if lean individuals can be involved. NAFLD treatment is currently warranted and driven by comprehensive lifestyle intervention, a valuable objective that is more often wished for than actually achieved. The aim is to re-assess the effectiveness of an intervention focused to increase the Adherence to Mediterranean Diet Score (AMDS) and the level of physical exercise, investigating the factors associated with failure and reporting the time that must elapse before such intervention becomes effective. METHODS: The study included 90 (F 46, M 44) non-alcoholic non-diabetic patients, aged 50.13 ± 13.68 years, BMI 31.01 ± 5.18 with evidence of fatty liver by ultrasound. RESULTS: A significant decrease of Bright Liver Score (BLS) was observed only after 6 months of intervention: differently, at the first and third month of monitoring fatty liver changes were still not significant. By a multiple linear regression model Adherence to Mediterranean Diet change (p:0.015) and body mass index changes (p:<0.0001) independently explain the variance of decrease of fatty liver involvement (R2 = 0.519; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Adherence to Mediterranean Diet is a significant predictor of changes in the fat content of the liver in overweight patients with NAFLD. The effect of the diet is gradual and favorable and it is independent of other lifestyle changes.
The Ala54Thr polymorphism of the fatty acid-binding protein 2 gene is associated with a change in insulin sensitivity after a change in the type of dietary fat.; BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance, a condition associated with type 2 diabetes, results from the interaction of environmental and genetic factors. OBJECTIVE: We examined the influence of the intestinal fatty acid-binding protein 2 (FABP2) Ala54Thr polymorphism on insulin sensitivity. DESIGN: Fifty-nine healthy young subjects (28 were Ala54/Ala54, 27 were Ala54/Thr54, and 4 were Thr54/Thr54) completed 3 diets, each of which lasted 4 wk. The first diet, which all subjects consumed, was a high-saturated fatty acid (SFA) diet (38% of energy as fat and 20% of energy as SFAs). The second and third diets were administered according to a randomized crossover design, and they consisted of a low-fat and high-carbohydrate diet (CHO diet; 28% of energy from fat and <10% of energy from SFAs) and a high-monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) diet (called the Mediterranean diet; 38% of energy from fat and 22% of energy from MUFAs). All food and drinks were prepared and provided in the research kitchen. We determined in vivo insulin resistance by using the insulin suppression test with somatostatin. RESULTS: Steady state plasma glucose concentrations were significantly higher in Ala54Thr subjects after the SFA diet than after the CHO diet or the Mediterranean diet. The plasma free fatty acid concentrations in these subjects were significantly lower after the CHO and Mediterranean diets than after the SFA diet. However, no significant differences between the 3 diets were observed in the Ala54 allele homozygotes. CONCLUSION: Insulin sensitivity decreased in subjects with the Thr54 allele of the FABP2 polymorphism when SFAs were replaced by MUFAs and carbohydrates. FAU - Marín, Carmen
Dietary Patterns among Asian Indians Living in the United States Have Distinct Metabolomic Profiles That Are Associated with Cardiometabolic Risk.; BACKGROUND: Recent studies, primarily in non-Hispanic whites, suggest that dietary patterns have distinct metabolomic signatures that may influence disease risk. However, evidence in South Asians, a group with unique dietary patterns and a high prevalence of cardiometabolic risk, is lacking. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the metabolomic profiles associated with 2 distinct dietary patterns among a sample of Asian Indians living in the United States. We also examined the cross-sectional associations between metabolomic profiles and cardiometabolic risk markers. METHODS: We used cross-sectional data from 145 Asian Indians, aged 45-79 y, in the Metabolic Syndrome and Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) pilot study. Metabolomic profiles were measured from fasting serum samples. Usual diet was assessed by using a validated food-frequency questionnaire. We used principal components analysis to derive dietary and metabolomic patterns. We used adjusted general linear regression models to examine associations between dietary patterns, individual food groups, metabolite patterns, and cardiometabolic risk markers. RESULTS: We observed 2 major principal components or metabolite clusters, the first comprised primarily of medium- to long-chain acylcarnitines (metabolite pattern 1) and the second characterized by branched-chain amino acids, aromatic amino acids, and short-chain acylcarnitines (metabolite pattern 2). A "Western/nonvegetarian" pattern was significantly and positively associated with metabolite pattern 2 (all participants: β ± SE = 0.180 ± 0.090, P = 0.05; participants without type 2 diabetes: β ± SE = 0.323 ± 0.090, P = 0.0005). In all participants, higher scores on metabolite pattern 2 were adversely associated with measures of glycemia (fasting insulin: β ± SE = 2.91 ± 1.29, P = 0.03; 2-h insulin: β ± SE = 22.1 ± 10.3, P = 0.03; homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance: β ± SE = 0.94 ± 0.42, P = 0.03), total adiponectin (β ± SE = -1.46 ± 0.47, P = 0.002), lipids (total cholesterol: β ± SE = 7.51 ± 3.45, P = 0.03; triglycerides: β ± SE = 14.4 ± 6.67, P = 0.03), and a radiographic measure of hepatic fat (liver-to-spleen attenuation ratio: β ± SE = -0.83 ± 0.42, P = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that a "Western/nonvegetarian" dietary pattern is associated with a metabolomic profile that is related to an adverse cardiometabolic profile in Asian Indians. Public health efforts to reduce cardiometabolic disease burden in this high-risk group should focus on consuming a healthy plant-based diet. FAU - Bhupathiraju, Shilpa N
Risk factors for coronary artery disease and levels of lipoprotein(a) and fat-soluble antioxidant vitamins in Asian Indians of USA.; High rates of coronary artery disease have been reported in the Asian Indians who have migrated to other countries. Although many coronary artery disease risk factors (diabetes, high serum cholesterol, lipoprotein[a], and smoking) have been suggested, studies of coronary artery disease risk factors in Asian Indians living in USA are only a few. We investigated coronary artery disease risk factors in 110 Asian Indian physicians living in USA by questionnaire and measurement of their serum lipids and fat-soluble antioxidant vitamins. Differences in risk factors between genders, vegetarian diets and diabetic status were also studied. We found that lipoprotein(a) (mean=20 mg/dl), low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and diabetes (prevalence of 7.5%) are more important risk factors for coronary artery disease, but not smoking, when compared to other Americans. Higher levels of low density lipoprotein cholesterol, retinol, alpha-tocopherol, cryptoxanthin and lycopene, and lower levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol were found in the males than in females. Comparable levels of lipoprotein(a) were found for males and females. Vegetarians, compared to non-vegetarians, had similar levels of lipids and fat-soluble antioxidants. Lower levels of retinol, lutein/zeaxanthin and lycopene were found in the diabetics compared to non-diabetics. These findings suggest that (1) the control of low density/high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels could be important in prevention of coronary artery disease in Indian males, (2) the vegetarian diets of Asian Indians do not favourably influence the serum lipid and antioxidant levels, and (3) increased serum levels of antioxidants may be beneficial for diabetics. Furthermore, for the first time, we show that serum levels of lutein/zeaxanthin and lycopene are significantly lower in the diabetics. FAU - Chuang, C Z
Systematic Review of the Mediterranean Diet for Long-Term Weight Loss.; BACKGROUND: Although the long-term health benefits of the Mediterranean diet are well established, its efficacy for weight loss at ≥12 months in overweight or obese individuals is unclear. We therefore conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to determine the effect of the Mediterranean diet on weight loss and cardiovascular risk factor levels after ≥12 months. METHODS: We systematically searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library of Clinical Trials for RCTs published in English or French and with follow-up ≥12 months that examined the effect of the Mediterranean diet on weight loss and cardiovascular risk factor levels in overweight or obese individuals trying to lose weight. RESULTS: Five RCTs (n = 998) met our inclusion criteria. Trials compared the Mediterranean diet to a low-fat diet (4 treatment arms), a low-carbohydrate diet (2 treatment arms), and the American Diabetes Association diet (1 treatment arm). The Mediterranean diet resulted in greater weight loss than the low-fat diet at ≥12 months (range of mean values: -4.1 to -10.1 kg vs 2.9 to -5.0 kg), but produced similar weight loss as other comparator diets (range of mean values: -4.1 to -10.1 kg vs -4.7 to -7.7 kg). Moreover, the Mediterranean diet was generally similar to comparator diets at improving other cardiovascular risk factor levels, including blood pressure and lipid levels. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that the Mediterranean diet results in similar weight loss and cardiovascular risk factor level reduction as comparator diets in overweight or obese individuals trying to lose weight.
Dietary factors in pathogenesis of gallstone disease in southern India--a hospital-based case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Pigment or mixed gallstones are common in southern India. The etiology is not established. Known risk factors include an obese, diabetic female and a nonsmoker male. AIM: To determine the association of dietary factors with mixed/pigment gallstones amongst southern Indian patients. METHODS: Diet details were obtained from 346 patients (178 women) with gallstones and an equal number of healthy controls who were age- and sex-matched attendants of the patients, sharing similar socioeconomic and demographic characteristics, with normal abdominal ultrasonogram. Data recorded included the number of daily meals, nature of cereal used, vegetarianism, oil consumed per month, sugar consumption per day, tamarind (Garcinia camborginia ) usage per week, and per-day beverage consumption. RESULTS: There was no difference between cases and controls in consumption of non-vegetarian food, type of cereal, average oil and sugar consumption, and type of beverage consumed (tea/coffee/milk/combination). Individuals with BMI> 22 were at higher risk to develop gallstones (OR 1.49; 95% CI 1.09, 2.04; p=0.01). There was significant risk of gallstone formation with the use of tamarind when consumed > 3 times a week (OR 1.76; 95% CI 1.05, 2.96; p=0.03). Higher BMI and tamarind use were significant risk factors even on multivariate logistic regression analysis (p=0.02). CONCLUSION: Higher BMI and use of tamarind, a common ingredient of diet in southern India, are risk factors in the formation of gallstones in southern India. FAU - Jayanthi, V
Metabolomics and Microbiomes as Potential Tools to Evaluate the Effects of the Mediterranean Diet. LID - 10.3390/nu11010207 [doi] LID - 207; The approach to studying diet⁻health relationships has progressively shifted from individual dietary components to overall dietary patterns that affect the interaction and balance of low-molecular-weight metabolites (metabolome) and host-enteric mic{Citation}robial ecology (microbiome). Even though the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) has been recognized as a powerful strategy to improve health, the accurate assessment of exposure to the MedDiet has been a major challenge in epidemiological and clinical studies. Interestingly, while the effects of individual dietary components on the metabolome have been described, studies investigating metabolomic profiles in response to overall dietary patterns (including the MedDiet), although limited, have been gaining attention. Similarly, the beneficial effects of the MedDiet on cardiometabolic outcomes may be mediated through gut microbial changes. Accumulating evidence linking food ingestion and enteric microbiome alterations merits the evaluation of the microbiome-mediated effects of the MedDiet on metabolic pathways implicated in disease. In this narrative review, we aimed to summarize the current evidence from observational and clinical trials involving the MedDiet by (1) assessing changes in the metabolome and microbiome for the measurement of diet pattern adherence and (2) assessing health outcomes related to the MedDiet through alterations to human metabolomics and/or the microbiome. FAU - Jin, Qi
Current Insights Into Inositol Isoforms, Mediterranean and Ketogenic Diets for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: From Bench to Bedside.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex syndrome characterized by reproductive and metabolic implications. Lifestyle changes, such as diet and exercise, are considered first-line treatment for women affected by PCOS. Pharmacologic treatments target the hormonal and metabolic dysregulations associated to the disease such as insulin resistance, anovulation, hirsutism and menstrual irregularities. OBJECTIVE: To focus on the role of inositol isoforms, as well as Mediterranean and ketogenic diets, as possible therapeutic strategies in PCOS women. METHOD: Narrative overview, synthesizing the findings of literature retrieved from searches of computerized databases. RESULTS: Accumulating evidence suggests that two inositol isoforms, myo- and D-chiro-, may play a pivotal role in re-addressing both hormonal and metabolic parameters toward homeostasis, counteracting the symptoms and signs typical of this syndrome. In addition, studies focused on Mediterranean and ketogenic diet provided positive results in patients affected by obesity and type 2 diabetes, so these dietetic regimens could represent a fascinating dietetic treatment for the management of PCOS. CONCLUSION: Both the isoforms of inositol are effective in improving ovarian function and metabolism in patients with PCOS. In spite of accumulating evidence, it is currently not possible to draw firm conclusion(s) about the efficacy of these interventions considering the severe bias due to different samples size, dose, and duration of intervention among the published studies on this topic. Furthermore, future longitudinal cohort studies along with prospective interventional trials may contribute to better clarify the role of Mediterranean and ketogenic diets in the treatment of PCOS. FAU - Muscogiuri, Giovanna
Web Support for Weight-Loss Interventions: PREDIRCAM2 Clinical Trial Baseline Characteristics and Preliminary Results.; An ongoing clinical trial is testing the efficacy of web telematic support in a structured program for obesity treatment and diabetes prevention. Participants were recruited from two tertiary-care hospitals and randomized to receive either a telematic intervention (TI) supported by PREDIRCAM2 web platform or a non-telematic intervention (NTI). All receive 1-year follow-up. Both interventions consist of tailored dietary and exercise prescriptions, based on a Mediterranean dietary pattern and general WHO exercise recommendations for adults. At 6 months, both groups have received 7 contacts, 3 exclusively telematic for the TI group. This is a preliminary result intention-to-treat analysis. One hundred eighty-three participants were recruited, with a mean body mass index of 34.75 ± 2.75 kg/m(2). General dropout rate at 6 months was 26.8%. Weight changes were statistically significant at months 3 and 6 compared to baseline, -2.915 ± 0.24 kg, -3.29 ± 0.36 kg, respectively (P < 0.001), but not statistically significant between the 3- and 6-month time points -0.37 ± 0.21 kg (P = 0.24). Mean group differences showed that the TI group lost 1.61 ± 1.88 kg more than the NTI group (P = 0.39). Waist, waist/hip ratio, resting heart rate, blood pressure, HbA1c, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol also showed statistically significant changes at 6 months, with no significant differences between groups. Weight loss in the TI group shows similar results as the usual care NTI group for weight loss and control of obesity comorbidities. At completion of the clinical trial, these results will be reevaluated to assess the potential role of web support in weight-loss maintenance and its cost-effectiveness. FAU - Alcántara-Aragón, Valeria
The association of dietary patterns and the incidence of insulin resistance after a 3-year follow-up: Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between major dietary patterns and the risk of insulin resistance (IR) among an urban Iranian population. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: In this longitudinal study, 802 adult men and women were studied within the framework of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. Fasting serum insulin and glucose were measured at baseline and again after a 3-year of followup. The usual dietary intakes were assessed using a validated 168 item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and major dietary patterns were obtained using principal component analysis. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the occurrence of IR across tertiles of dietary patterns with adjustment for potential confounding variables. RESULTS: Mean age of participants was 39.0±11.2 years and 45.5% were men. Three major dietary patterns including the Western, traditional and healthy were extracted, which explained 25.3% of total variance in food intake. The healthy dietary pattern, loaded heavily on intake of vegetable oils, fresh and dried fruits, low-fat dairy, nuts and seeds, was accompanied with a reduced risk of insulin resistance by 51% (OR=0.49, 95% CI=0.30-0.81), and 81% (OR=0.19, 95% CI=0.10-0.36), in the second and third tertile, respectively (p trend=0.001). In the presence of all dietary pattern scores in the logistic regression model, a 45% reduced risk of IR was observed per 1 unit increase in healthy dietary pattern score. CONCLUSION: These findings confirmed the protective effect of a plant-based, low-fat dietary pattern against the development of insulin resistance as a main risk factor of type 2 diabetes and metabolic disorders. FAU - Doostvandi, Tayebeh
[Glycotoxins and cellular dysfunction. A new mechanism for understanding the preventive effects of lifestyle modifications].; Recently the AGE-RAGE interaction was identified as a potential mechanism underlying chronic and inflammatory diseases like atherosclerosis, diabetes mellitus and kidney disease. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are the derivatives of glucose-protein or glucose-lipid reactions and are mainly generated from the diet (depending on intensity of heating, cooking time and oxygenation). Binding of AGEs or other ligands to the AGE receptor (RAGE) results in cellular activation, i.e. increased expression of inflammatory mediators and oxidative stress. Diet-derived AGEs thus induce deleterious effects on tissues and the cardiovascular system. Recent research also found that other lifestyle factors are associated with pronounced inflammatory activation, e.g. psychosocial stress and smoking. In addition, each intake of meals is associated with proinflammatory cellular changes. The AGE-RAGE model and investigations of the underlying cellular mechanisms thus may lead to a better understanding of the health benefits of diets (Mediterranean diet, uncooked vegetarian diets), caloric restriction and intermittent fasting. The clinical impact of low-AGE diets and fasting and the interaction between stress and food intake should be further investigated in controlled trials. FAU - Michalsen, A
Observational assessment and correlates to blood pressure of future physicians of Bengal.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertension is a modern day epidemic and growing public health problem. A sizable proportion of world populations suffer from prehypertension or hypertension. OBJECTIVES: The present study was carried out to detect the prevalence of undiagnosed hypertension among undergraduate medical students and to identify the associated risk factors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study was observational in nature and was done in medical colleges of Bengal. Study tool was a predesigned, pretested, validated, and semi-structured questionnaire containing both open-ended and close-ended questions. Data were collected through self-administration, clinical, and anthropometric examination. The data were then tabulated, analyzed and interpretation was done by using percentage and Chi-square test. RESULTS: Most of the students (63%) were young adults, predominantly males (67%) and day scholars (71%). Almost one-third of them either suffered from hypertension or at risk of hypertension. Hypertension was found higher among male students. Family history of hypertension or diabetes mellitus was not associated with hypertension. Vegetarian or nonvegetarian diet or extra-salt consumption was also not associated with hypertension. Smoking was shown positively associated with hypertension but alcohol consumption was not. Higher per capita monthly income and overweight or obesity were shown positively associated with hypertension. CONCLUSION: The overall prevalence of hypertension in this study was 13% and there were positive association of hypertension with multiple socio-demographic factors like age, sex, type of family, per capita monthly income, residence, BMI, smoking, etc. FAU - Das, P
Characterization of the Degree of Food Processing in Relation With Its Health Potential and Effects.; Up today technological processes are intended to produce safe and palatable food products. Yet, it is also expected that processing produces healthy and sustainable foods. However, due to the dramatic increase of chronic diseases prevalence worldwide, i.e., obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and some cancers, ultraprocessing has been pointed out as producing unhealthy foods, rich in energy and poor in protective micronutrients and fiber, i.e., "empty" calories. Indeed the 1980s saw massive arrivals of ultraprocessed foods in supermarkets, i.e., fractionated-recombined foods with added ingredients and/or additives. Epidemiological studies clearly emphasized that populations adhering the most to ultraprocessed foods, e.g., processed meat, refined grains, ultraprocessed plant-based foods, and/or sweetened beverages, exhibited the higher prevalence of chronic diseases. This prompted researchers to classify foods according to their degree of processing as with the international NOVA classification (i.e., un/minimally processed, processed, and ultraprocessed foods). More and more studies showed that such a classification makes sense for health. Overall one distinguishes three categories of processes: mechanical, thermal, and fermentative treatments, this latter being the more favorable to food health potential. This chapter has therefore several ambitions: (1) to review association between degree of food processing and chronic disease risk prevalence; (2) to explore the impact of technological processes on food health potential considering both matrix and compositional effects; (3) to discuss the need for classifying food according to their degree of processing in future epidemiological studies; and (4) to analyze consequences of adhering to a more holistic paradigm in both food processing and nutrition.
Urinary biomarkers of meat consumption.; BACKGROUND: Meat intake has been positively associated with incidence and mortality of chronic diseases, including diabetes, heart disease, and several different cancers, in observational studies by using self-report methods of dietary assessment; however, these dietary assessment methods are subject to measurement error. One method to circumvent such errors is the use of biomarkers of dietary intake, but currently there are no accepted biomarkers for meat intake. METHODS: We investigated four analytes (creatinine, taurine, 1-methylhistidine, and 3-methylhistidine) specifically found in meat and excreted in urine. Twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected from 17 individuals on controlled diets containing varying levels of meat: vegetarian (0 g/d), low red meat (60 g/d), medium red meat (120 g/d), and high red meat (420 g/d), as part of two randomized crossover feeding studies. RESULTS: When compared with the low red meat diet or the vegetarian diet, the urinary levels of all four analytes were significantly higher in urine samples collected after 15 days of a high red meat diet (P < 0.0001). Only urinary 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine were statistically significantly different for every diet type, increasing as the amount of meat in the diet increased (P < 0.01 for 1-methylhistidine and P < 0.05 for 3-methylhistidine). Furthermore, urinary excretion of 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine elevated with increasing meat intake in every individual. CONCLUSION: Urinary 1-methylhistidine and 3-methylhistidine may be good biomarkers of meat intake. IMPACT: To determine the public health impact of red meat on cancer risk, biomarkers are crucial to estimate true intake; these potential biomarkers should be further investigated in free-living populations.
The Mediterranean diet improves hepatic steatosis and insulin sensitivity in individuals with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects up to 30% of the population and signifies increased risk of liver fibrosis and cirrhosis, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Therapies are limited. Weight loss is of benefit but is difficult to maintain. We aimed at examining the effect of the Mediterranean diet (MD), a diet high in monounsaturated fatty acids, on steatosis and insulin sensitivity, using gold standard techniques. METHODS: Twelve non-diabetic subjects (6 Females/6 Males) with biopsy-proven NAFLD were recruited for a randomised, cross-over 6-week dietary intervention study. All subjects undertook both the MD and a control diet, a low fat-high carbohydrate diet (LF/HCD), in random order with a 6-week wash-out period in- between. Insulin sensitivity was determined with a 3-h hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp study and hepatic steatosis was assessed with localized magnetic resonance (1)H spectroscopy ((1)H-MRS). RESULTS: At baseline, subjects were abdominally obese with elevated fasting concentrations of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, ALT, and GGT. Insulin sensitivity at baseline was low (M=2.7 ± 1.0 mg/kg/min(-1)). Mean weight loss was not different between the two diets (p=0.22). There was a significant relative reduction in hepatic steatosis after the MD compared with the LF/HCD: 39 ± 4% versus 7 ± 3%, as measured by (1)H-MRS (p=0.012). Insulin sensitivity improved with the MD, whereas after the LF/HCD there was no change (p=0.03 between diets). CONCLUSIONS: Even without weight loss, MD reduces liver steatosis and improves insulin sensitivity in an insulin-resistant population with NAFLD, compared to current dietary advice. This diet should be further investigated in subjects with NAFLD.
Sexual health, adherence to Mediterranean diet, body weight, physical activity and mental state: factors correlated to each other.; INTRODUCTION: Mediterranean diet has shown a protective role against cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer onset, microvascular damage and dementia in many trials. Our purpose is the assessment of a correlation between physical activity, Mediterranean diet, body mass index (BMI), depression and erection disorder (ED). METHODS: After having signed disclaimer to the study participation, we administered the IIEF 15 questionnaire (International Index of Erectil Function), the Hamilton questionnaire for major depression, the Med-Diet Questionnaire, the Ipaq Questionnaire (International Index of Physical Activity) to 245 patients and calculated the BMI. Only 141 were eligible. We excluded patients with a history of smoking, with obesity from the second grade to rise, anorexia, hyperlipidemia, Induratio Penis Plastica, diabetes, cardiovascular and neurological disease, hypogonadism, prostatitis, diabetes, hypertension, psychiatric diseases and the history of radical prostatectomy and finally age >72 and <50 years or who were taking cholesterol-lowering medication. Patients were divided into two groups: 65 patients without ED and 76 patients with ED. RESULTS: We found a statistically difference in BMI between the groups. Adherence to Med-Diet showed a significant difference between the two groups at Student t-test and the Chi-square test. The Ipaq test and Hamilton test did not show statistical differences between the two groups neither for Student t-test nor for Chi-square test, but high levels seem to be protective factors. CONCLUSIONS: Body weight and a healthy diet are protective factors against the ED, more than a sufficient physical activity. Depression has shown only a worsening tendency of the erection. FAU - Della Camera, Pier A
[Validation of self-applicable questionnaire for a Mediterranean dietary index in Chile].; BACKGROUND: Availability of brief dietary indexes that can effectively evaluate dietary patterns and their association with health is critical for prevention and management of several chronic disease conditions. AIM: To adapt a self-applicable Mediterranean Dietary Index in Chile (Chilean-MDI). MATERIAL AND METHODS: The Chilean-MDI was developed based on a previous Mediterranean eating score that was adapted to Chilean dietary habits. This index was further validated in a sample of 153 adults by comparing the concordance between the results obtained by self-application of the Chilean-MDI with those obtained by a trained nutritionist. Additionally, the index was applied in a sample of 53,366 Chilean adults in order to describe the diet quality of our population. RESULTS: There was an adequate concordance between findings obtained by self-application of the Chilean-MDI and those achieved by the nutritionist. The application of the index in Chilean adult population showed a better diet quality (high Mediterranean diet adherence) among women, with advanced age and among people with higher educational levels. CONCLUSIONS: The Chilean-MDI can be successfully self-applied to portray the overall diet quality in the Chilean adult population. Additionally, this dietary index describes overall food intake in Chilean adults, showing demographic trends that are comparable to those obtained with similar indexes applied in other populations. FAU - Echeverría, Guadalupe
Mediterranean diet in predementia and dementia syndromes.; There is a critical need to potentially individualize new strategies able to prevent and to slow down the progression of predementia and dementia syndromes. Only recently higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet was associated with decreased cognitive decline although the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) combines several foods, micro- and macronutrients already separately proposed as potential protective factors against dementia and predementia syndromes. In fact, elevated saturated fatty acids could have negative effects on age-related cognitive decline and mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Furthermore, at present, epidemiological evidence suggested a possible association among fish consumption, monounsaturated fatty acids and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) (particularly, n-3 PUFA) and reduced risk of cognitive decline and dementia. Light to moderate alcohol use may be associated with a reduced risk of incident dementia and Alzheimer's disease (AD), while for vascular dementia, cognitive decline, and predementia syndromes the current evidence is only suggestive of a protective effect. Finally, the limited epidemiological evidence available on fruit and vegetable consumption and cognition generally supported a protective role of these macronutrients against cognitive decline, dementia, and AD. Moreover, recent prospective studies provided evidence that higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet could be associated with slower cognitive decline, reduced risk of progression from MCI to AD, reduced risk of AD, and decreased all-causes mortality in AD patients. These findings suggested that adherence to the MeDi may affect not only the risk for AD, but also for predementia syndromes and their progression to overt dementia. Nonetheless, at present, no definitive dietary recommendations are possible. However, high levels of consumption of fats from fish, vegetable oils, non-starchy vegetables, low glycemic fruits, and diet low in foods with added sugars and with moderate wine intake should be encouraged. In fact, this dietary advice is in accordance with recommendations for lowering the risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes, and hypertension and might open new ways for the prevention and management of cognitive decline and dementia. FAU - Solfrizzi, V
The association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and hepatic steatosis: cross-sectional analysis of two independent studies, the UK Fenland Study and the Swiss CoLaus Study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The risk of hepatic steatosis may be reduced through changes to dietary intakes, but evidence is sparse, especially for dietary patterns including the Mediterranean diet. We investigated the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and prevalence of hepatic steatosis. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of data from two population-based adult cohorts: the Fenland Study (England, n = 9645, 2005-2015) and CoLaus Study (Switzerland, n = 3957, 2009-2013). Habitual diet was assessed using cohort-specific food frequency questionnaires. Mediterranean diet scores (MDSs) were calculated in three ways based on adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pyramid, dietary cut-points derived from a published review, and cohort-specific tertiles of dietary consumption. Hepatic steatosis was assessed by abdominal ultrasound and fatty liver index (FLI) in Fenland and by FLI and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) score in CoLaus. FLI includes body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, gamma-glutamyl transferase, and triglyceride; NAFLD includes diabetes, fasting insulin level, fasting aspartate-aminotransferase (AST), and AST/alanine transaminase ratio. Associations were assessed using Poisson regression. RESULTS: In Fenland, the prevalence of hepatic steatosis was 23.9% and 27.1% based on ultrasound and FLI, respectively, and in CoLaus, 25.3% and 25.7% based on FLI and NAFLD score, respectively. In Fenland, higher adherence to pyramid-based MDS was associated with lower prevalence of hepatic steatosis assessed by ultrasound (prevalence ratio (95% confidence interval), 0.86 (0.81, 0.90) per one standard deviation of MDS). This association was attenuated [0.95 (0.90, 1.00)] after adjustment for body mass index (BMI). Associations of similar magnitude were found for hepatic steatosis assessed by FLI in Fenland [0.82 (0.78, 0.86)] and in CoLaus [0.85 (0.80, 0.91)], and these were also attenuated after adjustment for BMI. Findings were similar when the other two MDS definitions were used. CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with lower prevalence of hepatic steatosis, largely explained by adiposity. These findings suggest that an intervention promoting a Mediterranean diet may reduce the risk of hepatic steatosis. FAU - Khalatbari-Soltani, Saman
A 14-item Mediterranean diet assessment tool and obesity indexes among high-risk subjects: the PREDIMED trial.; OBJECTIVE: Independently of total caloric intake, a better quality of the diet (for example, conformity to the Mediterranean diet) is associated with lower obesity risk. It is unclear whether a brief dietary assessment tool, instead of full-length comprehensive methods, can also capture this association. In addition to reduced costs, a brief tool has the interesting advantage of allowing immediate feedback to participants in interventional studies. Another relevant question is which individual items of such a brief tool are responsible for this association. We examined these associations using a 14-item tool of adherence to the Mediterranean diet as exposure and body mass index, waist circumference and waist-to-height ratio (WHtR) as outcomes. DESIGN: Cross-sectional assessment of all participants in the "PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea" (PREDIMED) trial. SUBJECTS: 7,447 participants (55-80 years, 57% women) free of cardiovascular disease, but with either type 2 diabetes or ≥ 3 cardiovascular risk factors. Trained dietitians used both a validated 14-item questionnaire and a full-length validated 137-item food frequency questionnaire to assess dietary habits. Trained nurses measured weight, height and waist circumference. RESULTS: Strong inverse linear associations between the 14-item tool and all adiposity indexes were found. For a two-point increment in the 14-item score, the multivariable-adjusted differences in WHtR were -0.0066 (95% confidence interval, -0.0088 to -0.0049) for women and -0.0059 (-0.0079 to -0.0038) for men. The multivariable-adjusted odds ratio for a WHtR>0.6 in participants scoring ≥ 10 points versus ≤ 7 points was 0.68 (0.57 to 0.80) for women and 0.66 (0.54 to 0.80) for men. High consumption of nuts and low consumption of sweetened/carbonated beverages presented the strongest inverse associations with abdominal obesity. CONCLUSIONS: A brief 14-item tool was able to capture a strong monotonic inverse association between adherence to a good quality dietary pattern (Mediterranean diet) and obesity indexes in a population of adults at high cardiovascular risk. FAU - Martínez-González, Miguel Angel
Nutrient adequacy and diet quality in a Mediterranean population with metabolic syndrome: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Few studies have compared micronutrient intake and fulfilment of average requirements (EAR) in non-diabetic, pre-diabetic and diabetic adults at high cardiovascular risk. We assessed these variables in a large sample of participants in the PREDIMED-PLUS randomized trial of primary cardiovascular prevention with diet and physical activity. DESIGN: Baseline assessment of nutritional adequacy in n = 5792 men and women, aged 55-75 years, with overweight/obesity and some metabolic syndrome features. METHODS: Participants were categorised as non-diabetic (n = 2390), pre-diabetic (n = 1322) or diabetic (n = 2080) by standard criteria. Food and nutrient intake were assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Micronutrients examined were vitamins B1, B2, B3, B6, B12, A, C, D, E and folic acid; Ca, K, P, Mg, Fe, Se, Cr, Zn, and iodine. The proportion of micronutrient inadequacy was evaluated using the EAR or adequate intake (AI) cut-offs. Diet quality was also determined using a 17-item energy-restricted Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) questionnaire. RESULTS: Compared to non-diabetic participants, those with pre-diabetes had lower intakes of total carbohydrates (CHO) and higher intakes of total fat and saturated fatty acids (SFA) and were more likely to be below EAR for folic, while diabetic participants had lower intakes of total CHO and higher intakes of protein, total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids, SFA and cholesterol and were less likely to be below EAR for vitamins B2, and B6, Ca, Zn and iodine. Diabetic participants disclosed higher adherence to the MedDiet than the other two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Older Mediterranean individuals with metabolic syndrome and diabetes had better nutrient adequacy and adherence to the MedDiet than those with pre-diabetes or no diabetes.
Mediterranean diet and depression among older individuals: The multinational MEDIS study.; BACKGROUND: Depression has been linked to a large and growing economic and societal burden worldwide. In Europe, depression is one of the most frequent mental disorders across all age groups, but particularly in people aged 65 years and over, and higher depressive symptoms have been reported among individuals with chronic diseases (e.g., diabetes and heart disease). AIM: To evaluate the role of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) in depression in a sample of older people living in the Mediterranean basin. METHODS: Standard procedures were used to determine socio-demographic, lifestyle, and clinical characteristics of the participants, as well as their dietary habits, and depressive symptoms were evaluated using the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS). Multi-adjusted logistic and linear regression analyses were carried out to evaluate the associations between participants' characteristics and depression. RESULTS: Participants classified as having mild or severe depression were less educated and physically active, and more diabetic, and they reported less adherence to the MedDiet. Adherence to the MedDiet was associated with the absence of depression [(OR, 95% CI): 0.65, 0.50-0.85]. In addition, daily tea drinking was also related to the absence of depression [(OR, 95% CI): 0.51, 0.40-0.65]. CONCLUSIONS: Greater adherence to the MedDiet and daily tea drinking seem to have a beneficial effect on depressive symptoms in older adults.
Dietary Patterns and Risk of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Among U.S. Men and Women.; Although adherence to healthy dietary guidelines has been associated with a reduced risk of several health outcomes, including cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, and some cancers, little is known about the role of dietary patterns in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). We prospectively assessed the associations of three key commonly used a priori dietary patterns-the Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010), Alternate Mediterranean Diet (AMED), and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)-with risk of incident HCC in the Health Professionals Follow-Up Study (HPFS) and the Nurses' Health Study (NHS), two large prospective cohort studies. Diet was assessed almost every 4 years using validated food frequency questionnaires (FFQs). Multivariable hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using Cox proportional hazards regression. During up to 32 years of follow-up, 160 incident HCC cases were identified. After adjustment for most HCC risk factors, participants in the highest tertile of Alternative Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010) had a multivariable HR of 0.61 (95% CI, 0.39-0.95; P(trend) = 0.03), compared with those in the lowest tertile. There was a suggestive, but nonsignificant, inverse association for Alternate Mediterranean Diet (AMED; HR = 0.75; 95% CI, 0.49-1.15; P(trend) = 0.18) and a null association for Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH; HR = 0.90; 95% CI, 0.59-1.36; P(trend) = 0.61) in relation to the risk of HCC development. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that better adherence to the AHEI-2010 may decrease the risk of developing HCC among U.S. adults. Future studies are needed to replicate our results, examine these associations in other populations, and elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Treatment of NAFLD with diet, physical activity and exercise.; Lifestyle intervention can be effective when treating non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD) patients. Weight loss decreases cardiovascular and diabetes risk and can also regress liver disease. Weight reductions of ⩾10% can induce a near universal non-alcoholic steatohepatitis resolution and fibrosis improvement by at least one stage. However, modest weight loss (>5%) can also produce important benefits on the components of the NAFLD activity score (NAS). Additionally, we need to explore the role of total calories and type of weight loss diet, micro- and macronutrients, evidence-based benefits of physical activity and exercise and finally support these modifications through established behavioural change models and techniques for long-term maintenance of lifestyle modifications. Following a Mediterranean diet can reduce liver fat even without weight loss and is the most recommended dietary pattern for NAFLD. The Mediterranean diet is characterised by reduced carbohydrate intake, especially sugars and refined carbohydrates (40% of the calories vs. 50-60% in a typical low fat diet), and increased monounsaturated and omega-3 fatty acid intake (40% of the calories as fat vs. up-to 30% in a typical low fat diet). Both TV sitting (a reliable marker of overall sedentary behaviour) and physical activity are associated with cardio-metabolic health, NAFLD and overall mortality. A 'triple hit behavioural phenotype' of: i) sedentary behaviour, ii) low physical activity, and iii) poor diet have been defined. Clinical evidence strongly supports the role of lifestyle modification as a primary therapy for the management of NAFLD and NASH. This should be accompanied by the implementation of strategies to avoid relapse and weight regain.
Health and dietary traits of organic food consumers: results from the NutriNet-Santé study.; The dietary and health traits of organic food (OF) consumers have not been comprehensively described. The aim of this study was to identify factors associated with OF consumption. Data were collected from 54 283 participants from the NutriNet-Santé cohort using self-administered web-based questionnaires. Occasional organic food consumers and regular organic food consumers (ROFC) were compared with non-organic food consumers (NOFC) using logistical regression providing an OR and 95 % CI. Adherence to the French food-based guidelines and interactions between nutritional knowledge and OF consumption in adherence to dietary guidelines were investigated. Medical history was also assessed in relation to OF consumption. Compared with NOFC, ROFC were more likely to be vegetarian (OR 9·93; 95 % CI 7·42, 13·29 in women; OR 13·07; CI 7·00, 24·41 in men) and were less likely to be aware of nutritional guidelines regarding meat consumption (OR 0·37; CI 0·34, 0·40 in women; OR 0·41; CI 0·36, 0·47 in men). Compared with NOFC, ROFC had a lower risk of type II diabetes, hypertension and CVD; however, this effect was only significant for men. In contrast, organic consumers were more likely to report food allergies. Consuming OF appeared to affect the relationship between nutritional knowledge and adequate intake of meat/poultry/seafood/eggs and starchy food among both sexes. Our study provides new insights into the diet- and health-related behaviours of OF consumers in a large sample of participants residing in France. This should be taken into account in future studies investigating relationships between health and OF consumption. FAU - Baudry, Julia
Mediterranean diet in healthy lifestyle and prevention of stroke.; Several studies demonstrated the beneficial and preventive role of Mediterranean diet in the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases, chronic neurodegenerative diseases and neoplasms, obesity and diabetes. In randomized intervention trials, Mediterranean diet improved endothelial function and significantly reduced waist circumference, plasma glucose, serum insulin and homeostasis model assessment score in metabolic syndrome. Several studies support favorable effects of Mediterranean diet on plasma lipid profile: reduction of total and plasma LDL cholesterol levels, plasma triglyceride levels, and apo-B and VLDL concentrations, and an increase in plasma HDL cholesterol levels. This effect is associated with increased plasma antioxidant capacity, improved endothelial function, reduced insulin resistance, and reduced incidence of the metabolic syndrome. The beneficial impact of fish consumption on the risk of cardiovascular diseases is the result of synergistic effects of nutrients in fish. Fish is considered an excellent source of protein with low saturated fat, nutritious trace elements, long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn3PUFAs), and vitamins D and B. Fish consumption may be inversely associated with ischemic stroke but not with hemorrhagic stroke because of the potential antiplatelet aggregation property of LCn3PUFAs. Total stroke risk reduction was statistically significant for fish intake once per week, while the risk of stroke was lowered by 31% in individuals who ate fish 5 times or more per week. In the elderly, moderate consumption of tuna/other fish, but not fried fish, was associated with lower prevalence of subclinical infarcts and white matter abnormalities on MRI examination. Dietary intake of omega-3 fatty acids in a moderate-to-high range does not appear to be associated with reduced plaque, but is negatively associated with carotid artery intima-media thickness. Greater adherence to Mediterranean diet is associated with significant reduction in overall mortality, mortality from cardiovascular diseases and stroke, incidence of or mortality from cancer, and incidence of Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment. FAU - Demarin, Vida
Worse inflammatory profile in omnivores than in vegetarians associates with the gut microbiota composition.; AIMS: To describe the abundance of major phyla and some genera in the gut microbiota of individuals according to dietary habits and examine their associations with inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular risk profile. METHODS: A total of 268 non-diabetic individuals were stratified into groups of dietary types (strict vegetarians, lacto-ovo-vegetarians, and omnivores). The taxonomic composition and phylogenetic structure of the microbiota were obtained through the analysis of the 16S rRNA gene. Samples were clustered into operational taxonomic units at 97% similarity using GreenGenes 13.5 database. Clinical, biochemical, and circulating inflammatory markers were compared by ANOVA or Kruskal-Wallis test. RESULTS: The sample (54.2% women, mean age 49.5 years) was composed of 66 strict vegetarians, 102 lacto-ovo-vegetarians and 100 omnivores. Considering the entire sample, the greatest abundant phyla were Firmicutes (40.7 ± 15.9%) and Bacteroidetes (39.5 ± 19.9%), and no difference in abundances was found between individuals with normal and excess weight. Stratifying by dietary types, the proportion of Firmicutes was lower and of Bacteroidetes was higher in strict vegetarians when compared to lacto-ovo-vegetarians and omnivores. At the genus level, strict vegetarians had a higher Prevotella abundance and Prevotella/Bacteroides ratio than the other groups. They also had a lower proportion of Faecalibacterium than lacto-ovo-vegetarians, and both vegetarian groups had higher proportions than did omnivores. Succinivibrio and Halomonas from the Proteobacteria phylum were overrepresented in omnivores. The omnivorous group showed higher values of anthropometric data, insulin, HOMA-IR, and a worse lipid profile. Inflammatory markers exhibited a gradual and significant increase from the vegetarians and lacto-ovo-vegetarians to the omnivorous group. CONCLUSIONS: There are differences in gut microbiota composition of individuals with distinct dietary habits, who differ according to their inflammatory and metabolic profiles. Based on the findings relative to bacteria abundances and on their recognized actions in the metabolism, we suggest that exposure to animal foods may favor an intestinal environment which could trigger systemic inflammation and insulin resistance-dependent metabolic disorders. FAU - Franco-de-Moraes, Ana Carolina
Beneficial Role of Some Natural Products to Attenuate the Diabetic Cardiomyopathy Through Nrf2 Pathway in Cell Culture and Animal Models.; Diabetic cardiomyopathy, as one of the main cardiac complications in diabetic patients, is identified to connect with oxidative stress that is due to interruption in balance between reactive oxygen species or/and reactive nitrogen species generation and their clearance by antioxidant protection systems. Transcription factor the nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) plays a significant role in maintaining the oxidative homeostasis by regulating multiple downstream antioxidants. The Nrf2 plays a significant role in ARE-mediated basal and inducible expression of more than 200 genes that can be grouped into numerous categories as well as antioxidant genes and phase II detoxifying enzymes. On the other hand, activation of Nrf2 by natural and synthetic therapeutics or antioxidants has been revealed effective for the prevention and treatment of toxicities and diseases connected with oxidative stress. Hence, recently focus has been shifted toward plants and plant-based medicines in curing such chronic diseases, as they are supposed to be less toxic. In this review, we focused on the role of some natural products on diabetic cardiomyopathy through Nrf2 pathway. FAU - Sathibabu Uddandrao, V V
Dietary strategies for improving post-prandial glucose, lipids, inflammation, and cardiovascular health.; The highly processed, calorie-dense, nutrient-depleted diet favored in the current American culture frequently leads to exaggerated supraphysiological post-prandial spikes in blood glucose and lipids. This state, called post-prandial dysmetabolism, induces immediate oxidant stress, which increases in direct proportion to the increases in glucose and triglycerides after a meal. The transient increase in free radicals acutely triggers atherogenic changes including inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, hypercoagulability, and sympathetic hyperactivity. Post-prandial dysmetabolism is an independent predictor of future cardiovascular events even in nondiabetic individuals. Improvements in diet exert profound and immediate favorable changes in the post-prandial dysmetabolism. Specifically, a diet high in minimally processed, high-fiber, plant-based foods such as vegetables and fruits, whole grains, legumes, and nuts will markedly blunt the post-meal increase in glucose, triglycerides, and inflammation. Additionally, lean protein, vinegar, fish oil, tea, cinnamon, calorie restriction, weight loss, exercise, and low-dose to moderate-dose alcohol each positively impact post-prandial dysmetabolism. Experimental and epidemiological studies indicate that eating patterns, such as the traditional Mediterranean or Okinawan diets, that incorporate these types of foods and beverages reduce inflammation and cardiovascular risk. This anti-inflammatory diet should be considered for the primary and secondary prevention of coronary artery disease and diabetes. FAU - O'Keefe, James H
Short-term effects of Mediterranean-type diet intervention on soluble cellular adhesion molecules in subjects with abdominal obesity.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Abdominal obesity (AO) is associated with increased risk for cardiovascular disease and with increased production of adhesion molecules. The present work examined the effect of a Mediterranean-style diet on soluble cellular adhesion molecules in individuals with AO. METHODS: Ninety subjects with AO without cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus were randomly allocated to the intervention or control group and were instructed to follow a Mediterranean-style diet for two months. Intervention group followed a specific relevant food plan with close dietetic supervision and provision of basic foods. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), sP and sE-selectin, C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) were measured. RESULTS: Subjects in the intervention group increased their intake of total fat, monounsaturated fatty acids, dietary fiber, vitamin C, and alcohol compared to controls, while decreased their intake of saturated fat. Although there was a significant decrease in CRP, sP-selectin and in sE-selectin in the intervention group, and an increase in sVCAM-1 in the control group, between-group analysis showed no statistically significant differences. There were also no significant changes in sICAM-1, and IL-6 levels after intervention. CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean-type diet for two months combined with close dietetic supervision showed a beneficial tendency towards the down-regulation of some markers of vascular inflammation, although the comparison between groups after the intervention did not reach statistical significance. A longer period of dietary intervention may be required to further support these changes.
Non-communicable diseases and adherence to Mediterranean diet.; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) also known as chronic diseases last for a long time and progress generally slow. Major non-communicable diseases are cardiovascular diseases, cancers, chronic respiratory diseases and diabetes. Unhealthy lifestyles and food behaviours play an important role for determining such diseases. The change in unhealthy behaviours or the maintenance of healthy lifestyles has enormous value in the reduction of diseases and longer life expectancy not only on an individual level but for the community as a whole. Recent meta-analyses reported Mediterranean diet to be an optimal diet when adopted as a whole, in order to preserve and maintain a good health status. A greater adherence score to the Mediterranean diet (2-point increase) was related to induce an 8% reduction in overall mortality, a 10% reduced risk of CVD and a 4% reduction in neoplastic diseases. However, there is no direct method in quantifying and evaluating adherence, therefore a large number of indirect indices in several studies have been proposed, with a last unifying score. Recently more and more e-health techniques such as web communication or desktop publishing (DVDs and so on) are being used, obtaining good results in the Mediterranean diet adherence. For successfully changing the unhealthy lifestyles and food behaviours of the population, interventions at all levels are needed with the cooperation of Institutions, mass media, agricultural and food industry and healthcare professionals guided by expert scientific societies. FAU - Caretto, Antonio
Comparison of low-fat versus Mediterranean-style dietary intervention after first myocardial infarction (from The Heart Institute of Spokane Diet Intervention and Evaluation Trial).; Whether a Mediterranean-style diet reduces cardiovascular events and mortality more than a low-fat diet is uncertain. The objectives of this study were to actively compare low-fat and Mediterranean-style diets after first myocardial infarction (MI) in a randomized, controlled clinical trial and to compare dietary intervention per se with usual care in a case-control analysis. First MI survivors were randomized to a low-fat (n = 50) or Mediterranean-style (n = 51) diet. The 2 diets were low in saturated fat (< or =7% kcal) and cholesterol (< or =200 mg/day); the Mediterranean-style diet was distinguished by greater omega-3 fat intake (>0.75% kcal). Participants received individual dietary counseling sessions, 2 within the first month and again at 3, 6, 12, 18, and 24 months, along with 6 group sessions. Combined dietary intervention groups (cases, n = 101) were compared with a usual-care group (controls, n = 101) matched for age, gender, MI type and treatment, and status of diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Primary-outcome-free survival (a composite of all-cause and cardiac deaths, MI, hospital admissions for heart failure, unstable angina pectoris, or stroke) did not differ between low-fat (42 of 50) and Mediterranean-style (43 of 51) diet groups over a median follow-up period of 46 months (range 18 to 72; log-rank p = 0.81). Patients receiving dietary intervention had better primary-outcome-free survival (85 of 101) than usual-care controls (61 of 101) (log-rank p <0.001), with unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios of 0.33 (95% confidence interval 0.18 to 0.60, p <0.001) and 0.28 (95% confidence interval 0.13 to 0.63, p = 0.002), respectively. In conclusion, active intervention with either a low-fat or a Mediterranean-style diet similarly and significantly benefits overall and cardiovascular-event-free survival after MI. FAU - Tuttle, Katherine R
Are we really what we eat? Nutrition and its role in the onset of rheumatoid arthritis.; Accumulating research evidence suggests that individual dietary factors and dietary patterns might be implicated in the risk of development of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). This narrative review aims to present this evidence and provide nutritional recommendations for reducing RA risk in susceptible individuals. Overall, a 'Western' type diet rich in energy intake, total and saturated fat, an unbalanced ratio of n-3 to n-6 fatty acids, high in refined carbohydrates and sugar and low in fiber and antioxidants might increase the risk of RA both directly through increasing inflammation and indirectly through increasing insulin resistance and obesity, with the latter being a known risk factor for RA. On the contrary, consumption of long-chain omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids, derived from fish and fish oil, is associated with a reduced risk of RA probably due to their anti-inflammatory properties. The Mediterranean diet (MD), rich in plant-based foods such as wholegrains, legumes, fruit, vegetables, extra-virgin olive oil and low in red meat consumption, might have the potential to reduce the risk of RA. Based on current research evidence, it is suggested that adherence to the MD enhanced with an increased consumption of fatty fish, reduced consumption of sugar-sweetened drinks and maintenance of a normal body weight, contributes to reducing the risk of RA. Further research on RA susceptibility will allow for more specific dietary recommendations to be made.
The Mediterranean diet adherence by pregnant women delivering prematurely: association with size at birth and complications of prematurity.; Background: The Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with decreased risk of metabolic syndrome and gestational diabetes due to the anti-inflammatory and antioxidative properties of its components. The aim was to investigate the potential association of MD adherence (MDA) during pregnancy by mothers delivering prematurely, with intrauterine growth as expressed by neonates' anthropometry at birth and complications of prematurity. Participants and methods: This is a single-center, prospective, observational cohort study of 82 women who delivered preterm singletons at post conceptional age (PCA) ≤ 34 weeks and their live-born neonates. Maternal and neonatal demographic and clinical data were recorded. All mothers filled in a food frequency questionnaire, and the MDA score was calculated. Based on 50th centile of MD score, participants were classified into high-MDA and low-MDA groups. Results: The low-MDA mothers had significantly higher pregestational BMI and rates of overweight/obesity (odd ratios (OR) 3.5) and gestational hypertension/preeclampsia (OR 3.8). Neonates in the low-MDA group had significantly higher incidence of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) (OR 3.3) and lower z-scores of birth weight and BMI. Regarding prematurity-related complications, the low MDA-group was more likely to develop necrotizing enterocolitis, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and retinopathy of prematurity (OR 3.2, 1.3, and 1.6, respectively), while they were less likely to develop respiratory distress syndrome (OR 0.49), although the differences were not statistically significant. However, adjustment for confounders revealed MDA as a significant independent predictor of hypertension/preeclampsia, IUGR, birth weight z-score, necrotizing enterocolitis, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Conclusions: High MDA during pregnancy may favorably affect intrauterine growth and certain acute and chronic complications of prematurity as well as maternal hypertension/preeclampsia. FAU - Parlapani, Elisavet
Nuts and CVD.; Nuts are nutrient-dense foods with complex matrices rich in unsaturated fatty acids and other bioactive compounds, such as l-arginine, fibre, healthful minerals, vitamin E, phytosterols and polyphenols. By virtue of their unique composition, nuts are likely to beneficially affect cardiovascular health. Epidemiological studies have associated nut consumption with a reduced incidence of CHD in both sexes and of diabetes in women, but not in men. Feeding trials have clearly demonstrated that consumption of all kinds of nuts has a cholesterol-lowering effect, even in the context of healthy diets. There is increasing evidence that nut consumption has a beneficial effect on oxidative stress, inflammation and vascular reactivity. Blood pressure, visceral adiposity and the metabolic syndrome also appear to be positively influenced by nut consumption. Contrary to expectations, epidemiological studies and clinical trials suggest that regular nut consumption is not associated with undue weight gain. Recently, the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea randomised clinical trial of long-term nutrition intervention in subjects at high cardiovascular risk provided first-class evidence that regular nut consumption is associated with a 50 % reduction in incident diabetes and, more importantly, a 30 % reduction in CVD. Of note, incident stroke was reduced by nearly 50 % in participants allocated to a Mediterranean diet enriched with a daily serving of mixed nuts (15 g walnuts, 7.5 g almonds and 7.5 g hazelnuts). Thus, it is clear that frequent nut consumption has a beneficial effect on CVD risk that is likely to be mediated by salutary effects on intermediate risk factors. FAU - Ros, Emilio
The Association between the Mediterranean Dietary Pattern and Cognitive Health: A Systematic Review. LID - 10.3390/nu9070674 [doi] LID - 674; The ageing population is accompanied by increased rates of cognitive decline and dementia. Not only does cognitive decline have a profound impact on an individual's health and quality of life, but also on that of their caregivers. The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been known to aid in reducing the risk of cardiovascular diseases, cancer and diabetes. It has been recently linked to better cognitive function in the elderly population. The purpose of this review was to compile evidence based data that examined the effect of adherence to the MD on cognitive function and the risk of developing dementia or Alzheimer's disease. This review followed PRISMA guidelines and was conducted using four databases and resulted in 31 articles of interest. Cross-sectional studies and cohort studies in the non-Mediterranean region showed mixed results. However, cohort studies in the Mediterranean region and randomized controlled trials showed more cohesive outcomes of the beneficial effect of the MD on cognitive function. Although more standardized and in-depth studies are needed to strengthen the existing body of evidence, results from this review indicate that the Mediterranean diet could play a major role in cognitive health and risk of Alzheimer's disease and dementia. FAU - Aridi, Yasmine S
Barriers and solutions to improving nutrition among fire academy recruits: a qualitative assessment.; The primary health concerns among US firefighters are cardiovascular disease, cancer, and depression and occur in an occupational setting where dietary habits are suboptimal. To understand if a diet or lifestyle modification works in a fire academy training setting, it is important to evaluate the cultural barriers and challenges that might be faced. A semi-structured telephone interview method followed by a focus group was used to gather common themes among fire service leaders. Twelve leaders participated in the telephonic interviews and a subset of five in the subsequent group session. Five main themes were identified. The study identified a need for staff and recruits to develop a cohesive culture that facilitates long-term change. Participants reported that incentives for good choices and the elimination of certain poor choices from the food environment would promote healthier choices. The study supports an intervention using education of fire recruits and modifications of the fire academy food environment. FAU - Sotos-Prieto, Mercedes
Comprehensive Lifestyle Modification Intervention to Improve Chronic Disease Risk Factors and Quality of Life in Cancer Survivors.; OBJECTIVES: Healthy lifestyle modifications, including weight management, regular physical activity, prudent diet, and stress relief, have been identified as key components of tertiary cancer prevention. In this study, we evaluate the effectiveness of a comprehensive, lifestyle medicine intervention, Lifestyle 180(®), on chronic disease risk factors and quality of life in cancer survivors. DESIGN: Retrospective subgroup analysis of a clinical program. SETTINGS/LOCATION: An outpatient medical facility. SUBJECTS: Lifestyle 180 participants with a diagnosis of past cancer. INTERVENTION: Sixty-four hours of intensive nutrition, culinary medicine, physical activity, and stress relief practices over a 6-month period, with 9- and 12-month follow-up. OUTCOME MEASURES: Pre-postanalysis (baseline vs. 12 months) included biometrics: weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, and blood pressure; standard laboratory tests: lipids, C-reactive protein, fasting insulin/glucose, and insulin resistance; and empirically validated questionnaires: perceived stress, depression, and quality of life. RESULTS: Fifty-eight cancer survivors participated in Lifestyle 180. Average age was 63 years, roughly 75% of participants were female, and the greatest majority had a diagnosis of breast, prostate, or skin cancer. Diagnosis of hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, and prediabetes presented in 47%, 57%, 22%, and 50% of patients, respectively. Forty-five percent of patients were obese, 24% were overweight, and 16% were depressed. At 12 months, participants lost an average of 14 pounds (-6.6%, p < 0.001) and 2.6 inches off their waist (-5.9%, p < 0.001). BMI decreased significantly by an average of 2.4 kg/m(2) (-6.8%, p < 0.001). Significant decreases from well-managed baseline levels also occurred in most measured biomarkers (average change: high-density lipoprotein +3.3 mg/dL, p < 0.05; triglycerides -23.0 mg/dL, p < 0.01; C-reactive protein -1.3 mg/L, p < 0.01; fasting insulin -4.2 μU/mL, p < 0.05; and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance -1.5, p < 0.01; n = 40). Changes in psychosocial variables included significant improvements in perceived stress (-20%, p < 0.01) and quality of life (+54%, p < 0.001). We were unable to detect a difference in depressive symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: Cancer survivors participating in a comprehensive intervention could employ the prescribed lifestyle modifications to produce clinically relevant health and quality-of-life benefits. These data support the American Cancer Society (ACS) and American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) recommendations to incorporate healthy lifestyle modifications into long-term cancer survivorship care. FAU - Golubić, Mladen
Effect of dietary fiber on properties and acceptance of meat products: a review.; Meat is an important source of all essential nutritional components of our daily diet as it content most of the essential amino acids, fatty acids, vitamins, and minerals which are lack in plant based food, but it is devoid of dietary fiber, which is very essential component for normal physiological/biochemical process. During meat products processing, its functional values can be improved by supplementation of dietary fiber rich vegetative substances like cereal and pulse flour, vegetable and fruits pulp, etc. by this process, a significant proportion of required daily allowance of dietary fiber can be fulfilled for the frequent meat consumers. The consumption of meat products fortified with of dietary fiber can lead to the prevention of diseases like coronary heart disease, diabetes, irritable bowel disease, obesity, etc. On the other hand, the dietary fiber can effectively be incorporated in the processed meat products as binders, extender, and filler, they can significantly replace the unhealthy fat components from the products; increase acceptability by improving nutritional components, pH, water-holding capacity, emulsion stability, shear press value, sensory characters, etc. of finished products. Addition of dietary fiber in the meat products can increase the cooking yield therefore the economic gain as well. FAU - Talukder, Suman
Inverse Relationship between Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet and Serum Cystatin C Levels.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to examine serum cystatin C levels in association with the Mediterranean diet in a healthy Greek population. METHODS: Cystatin C together with basic clinical chemistry tests was measured in a total of 490 adults (46±16 years, 40% of males), who underwent an annual health check. Demographic, anthropometric and lifestyle characteristics were recorded, while adherence to the Mediterranean diet was evaluated through the MedDietScore (0-55). RESULTS: The mean level of serum cystatin C was 0.84 mg/L, while men had increased serum cystatin C levels compared to women (0.86 mg/L vs. 0.83 mg/L, respectively, 0.017). After adjusting for age, gender, body mass index, smoking status, hypertension, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), albumin and ferritin levels, each unit increase in MedDietScore led to 0.002 mg/dL drop off in cystatin C serum levels. CONCLUSIONS: We have demonstrated an inverse relationship between the MedDietScore and serum cystatin C levels. Our finding that increases in MedDietScore are associated with decreases in serum cystatin C levels could imply that adherence to the Mediterranean diet may reduce the cardiovascular risk, as assessed by cystatin C, a prognostic marker of the cardiometabolic risk. This notion could have a great impact on public health.
Relevance of Mediterranean diet and glucose metabolism for nephrolithiasis in obese subjects.; BACKGROUND: Nephrolithiasis is more frequent and severe in obese patients from different western nations. This may be supported by higher calcium, urate, oxalate excretion in obese stone formers. Except these parameters, clinical characteristics of obese stone formers were not extensively explored. AIMS: In the present paper we studied the relationship between obesity and its metabolic correlates and nephrolithiasis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied 478 Caucasian subjects having BMI ≥ 25 kg/m². The presence of nephrolithiasis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome were noted. They underwent measurements of anthropometry (BMI and waist circumference, body composition), serum variables (fasting glucose, serum lipids and serum enzymes) and Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) nutritional questionnaire. RESULTS: 45 (9.4%) participants were stone formers. Subjects with high serum concentrations of triglycerides (≥ 150 mg/dl), fasting glucose (> 100 mg/dl) and AST (>30 U/I in F or >40 U/I in M) were more frequent among stone formers than non-stone formers.Multinomial logistic regression confirmed that kidney stone production was associated with high fasting glucose (OR = 2.6, 95% CI 1.2-5.2, P = 0.011), AST (OR = 4.3, 95% CI 1.1-16.7, P = 0.033) and triglycerides (OR = 2.7, 95% CI 1.3-5.7, P = 0.01). MedDiet score was not different in stone formers and non-stone formers. However, stone formers had a lower consumption frequency of olive oil and nuts, and higher consumption frequency of wine compared with non-stone formers. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obese stone formers may have a defect in glucose metabolism and a potential liver damage. Some foods typical of Mediterranean diet may protect against nephrolithiasis. FAU - Soldati, Laura
It is rocket science - why dietary nitrate is hard to 'beet'! Part I: twists and turns in the realization of the nitrate-nitrite-NO pathway.; Dietary nitrate (found in green leafy vegetables, such as rocket, and in beetroot) is now recognized to be an important source of nitric oxide (NO), via the nitrate-nitrite-NO pathway. Dietary nitrate confers several cardiovascular beneficial effects on blood pressure, platelets, endothelial function, mitochondrial efficiency and exercise. While this pathway may now seem obvious, its realization followed a rather tortuous course over two decades. Early steps included the discovery that nitrite was a source of NO in the ischaemic heart but this appeared to have deleterious effects. In addition, nitrate-derived nitrite provided a gastric source of NO. However, residual nitrite was not thought to be absorbed systemically. Nitrite was also considered to be physiologically inert but potentially carcinogenic, through N-nitrosamine formation. In Part 1 of a two-part Review on the nitrate-nitrite-NO pathway we describe key twists and turns in the elucidation of the pathway and the underlying mechanisms. This provides the critical foundation for the more recent developments in the nitrate-nitrite-NO pathway which are covered in Part 2.
Epidemiological evidence for the non-random clustering of the components of the metabolic syndrome: multicentre study of the Mediterranean Group for the Study of Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine: (a) whether the components of metabolic syndrome (MetS) cluster more frequently than predicted by chance alone and (b) whether increased risk for MetS is associated also with values of each component below, but close to the cutoff points defining MetS. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Anthropometrical and biochemical measurements were performed and a dietary questionnaire was filled-in in 1833 randomly selected non-diabetic subjects, 916 men and 917 women, 20-74 years old, in nine centres in five Mediterranean countries. The prevalence of MetS and of possible combinations of its individual components was measured. The expected frequencies of the above combinations were calculated according to the mathematical formula of probabilities. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of MetS was 27.2%, but varied greatly among countries, from 5.8% in Algeria to 37.3% in Greece. The observed prevalence of each combination diagnostic of MetS was higher than the expected by chance. Thus, the observed overall prevalence of MetS was also higher than the expected, 27.2 vs 24.0%, P=0.03. Furthermore, for each individual component (except high-density lipoprotein), as values in the normal range, approached the cutoff point, the risk of having MetS (i.e. clustering of the other components) increased significantly (odds ratio 2.2-4.6, P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The MetS is not related to the Mediterranean type of diet and its prevalence varies greatly among five Mediterranean countries. The clustering of the components defining the MetS is not due to chance and moreover even 'high normal' levels of each component confer increased risk for the syndrome. FAU - Thanopoulou, A
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist indigo protects against obesity-related insulin resistance through modulation of intestinal and metabolic tissue immunity.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Low-grade chronic inflammation in visceral adipose tissue and the intestines are important drivers of obesity associated insulin resistance. Bioactive compounds derived from plants are an important source of potential novel therapies for the treatment of chronic diseases. In search for new immune based treatments of obesity associated insulin resistance, we screened for tissue relevant anti-inflammatory properties in 20 plant-based extracts. METHODS: We screened 20 plant-based extracts to assess for preferential production of IL-10 compared to TNFα, specifically targetting metabolic tissues, including the visceral adipose tissue. We assessed the therapeutic potential of the strongest anti-inflammatory compound, indigo, in the C57BL/6J diet-induced obesity mouse model with supplementation for up to 16 weeks by measuring changes in body weight, glucose and insulin tolerance, and gut barrier function. We also utilized flow cytometry, quantitative PCR, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), and histology to measure changes to immune cells populations and cytokine profiles in the intestine, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), and liver. 16SrRNA sequencing was performed to examine gut microbial differences induced by indigo supplementation. RESULTS: We identifed indigo, an aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) ligand agonist, as a potent inducer of IL-10 and IL-22, which protects against high-fat diet (HFD)-induced insulin resistance and fatty liver disease in the diet-induced obesity model. Therapeutic actions were mechanistically linked to decreased inflammatory immune cell tone in the intestine, VAT and liver. Specifically, indigo increased Lactobacillus bacteria and elicited IL-22 production in the gut, which improved intestinal barrier permeability and reduced endotoxemia. These changes were associated with increased IL-10 production by immune cells residing in liver and VAT. CONCLUSIONS: Indigo is a naturally occurring AhR ligand with anti-inflammatory properties that effectively protects against HFD-induced glucose dysregulation. Compounds derived from indigo or those with similar properties could represent novel therapies for diseases associated with obesity-related metabolic tissue inflammation. FAU - Lin, Yi-Hsuan
The role of Mediterranean diet on the risk of pancreatic cancer.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet has been shown to have a beneficial role on various neoplasms, but data are scanty on pancreatic cancer. METHODS: We analysed data from two case-control studies conducted in Italy between 1983 and 2008, including 362 and 326 pancreatic cancer cases and 1552 and 652 hospital-controls, respectively. A Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) summarising major characteristics of the Mediterranean diet was used in the two studies separately and overall. Two further scores of adherence to the Mediterranean diet were applied in the second study only, the Mediterranean Dietary Pattern Adherence Index (MDP) and the Mediterranean Adequacy Index (MAI). RESULTS: Odds ratios (ORs) for increasing levels of the scores (i.e., increasing adherence) were estimated using multiple logistic regression models. Odds ratio for a MDS score ≥6 compared with <3 was 0.57 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.34-0.95) in the first study, 0.51 (95% CI 0.29-0.92) in the second study, and 0.48 (95% CI 0.35-0.67) overall. A trend of decreasing risk was observed also for the MDP and MAI the ORs for the highest vs the lowest quintile being 0.44 (95% CI 0.27-0.73) for MDP and 0.68 (95% CI 0.42-1.11) for the MAI. The results were consistent across strata of age, sex, education, body mass index, alcohol drinking, tobacco smoking, and diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our study provides evidence that a priori-defined scores measuring adherence to the Mediterranean diet are favourably associated with pancreatic cancer risk. FAU - Bosetti, C
Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular risk factors: a systematic review.; The aim of this paper was to systematically review and analyze the epidemiological evidence on the role of Mediterranean diet (MD) in the prevention of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Fifty-eight studies exploring the relation between MD and lipoprotein concentration, antioxidative capacity and inflammatory markers, hypertension, obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome, were identified and selected. These included 33 cross-sectional, 9 cohort, and 16 intervention studies. Most of the studies showed favorable effects of MD on CVD, although a certain degree of controversy remains in the respect of some issues, as obesity. Important methodological differences and limitations in the studies make difficult to compare results, thus further studies, particularly randomized clinical trials, are needed to finally substantiate the benefits of MD and to shed some lights on mechanisms. FAU - Grosso, Giuseppe
Prevention of non-enzymic glycation of proteins by dietary agents: prospects for alleviating diabetic complications.; The accumulation of advanced glycation endproducts (AGE) due to non-enzymic glycation of proteins has been implicated in several pathophysiologies associated with ageing and diabetes. The formation of AGE is accelerated in hyperglycaemic conditions, which alter the structure and function of long-lived proteins. Thus inhibition of the formation of AGE is believed to play a role in the prevention of diabetic complications. In the present study we evaluated the antiglycating effect of aqueous extracts of various plant-based foods. The effect of aqueous extracts of these agents in terms of their ability to prevent the accumulation of AGE due to fructose-mediated in vitro glycation of eye lens soluble proteins was investigated. The degree of protein glycation in the absence and presence of dietary extracts was assessed by different complementary methods, i.e. non-tryptophan AGE fluorescence, AGE-induced cross-linking by SDS-PAGE and glyco-oxidative damage by carbonyl assay. Five out of the seventeen agents tested showed significant inhibitory potential against in vitro protein glycation in a dose-dependent manner. Prominent among them were ginger, cumin, cinnamon, black pepper and green tea, which inhibited in vitro AGE formation to lens proteins 40-90 % at 1.0 mg/ml concentration. Assessing their potential to reduce the amount of glycated protein using boronate affinity chromatography and also their ability to prevent the formation of specific antigenic-AGE structures by immunodetection further substantiated the importance of ginger, cumin and cinnamon in reducing AGE burden. These findings indicate the potential of some dietary components to prevent and/or inhibit protein glycation. Thus these dietary agents may be able to be exploited for controlling AGE-mediated diabetic pathological conditions in vivo. FAU - Saraswat, Megha
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet by the Greek and Cypriot population: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: The traditional Mediterranean diet is defined as the dietary pattern in the countries of the Mediterranean basin between the 1950s and 1960s, and it is now widely accepted that has a beneficial effect on health. A debate exists from empirical and research data if the traditional Mediterranean diet remains the main dietary pattern of the region or if it has changed overtime. AIMS: This systematic review addresses whether the people of Cyprus and Greece still follow the traditional Mediterranean diet or whether the diet has become more 'Westernised'. METHODS: The MEDLINE database was searched using relevant free terms and independently reviewed by two authors. In addition, all reference lists of identified studies were hand-searched to identify additional, relevant studies. RESULTS: The review resulted in 18 research papers that met the inclusion and exclusion criteria and represented 15 independent studies. The main outcome was consistent between studies and indicated moderate adherence of the Greek, and (probably) of the Cypriot, population to the Mediterranean diet. The majority of studies found no statistically significant differences by gender. There was an observed inter-study lower adherence to the Mediterranean diet by the younger population. Few studies addressed intra-study variations by age. CONCLUSIONS: This review shows that adherence to the Mediterranean diet is moderate in Greece (and probably also in Cyprus).This suggests a continuing transition from dietary patterns in the 50 s-60 s towards a more Westernized diet.
Genetic polymorphisms of eNOS (-786T/C, Intron 4b/4a & 894G/T) and its association with asymptomatic first degree relatives of coronary heart disease patients.; BACKGROUND: The eNOS gene has been extensively screened for important variations in the promoter (-786T/C), Intron 4 (4b/4a) and exon 7 (894G/T) regions in multiple diseases. Prevalence of Coronary Heart Disease (CHD) is much higher in young Indians when compared to other ethnic groups and first-degree relatives (FDRS) of CHD patients are at risk correlating with earlier age-of-onset and poor prognosis. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to understand the genetic mechanism of eNOS -786T/C, Intron 4b/4a and 894G/T polymorphisms/haplotypes in the development of CHD and to identify individuals having coronary risk factors among the FDRS of CHD patients by comparing them with the general population. MATERIALS & METHODS: The study population consisted of 300 CHD patients with angiographically documented, 100 FDRS and 300 age and sex matched healthy controls. Genotyping of eNOS -786T/C, Intron 4b/4a was carried out by Allele specific-Polymerase Chain Reaction (As-PCR) and 894G/T by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) assays. RESULTS: The frequency of risk factors for CHD includes age, blood pressure, obesity, diabetes mellitus, smoking, non-vegetarian diet, family history are higher in CHD patients and FDRS compared to controls (p < 0.01). The genotype distribution, allele frequencies and haplotypes of the eNOS -786T/C, 4b/4a and 894G/T were significantly different between CHD patients, FDRS and controls. eNOS gene haplotypes GCB, TCB (G-allele of 894G/T, C-allele -786T/C, B-allele of Intron 4b/4a respectively) were associated with high nitrite/nitrate levels compared to GTB in both FDRS and CHD patients (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: The study shows the importance of eNOS polymorphism in the pathogenesis of CHD and predicting the risk of future coronary events in asymptomatic healthy FDRS and suggests the use of new therapeutics and initiating the measures for prevention or delaying the progression of the disease by life style modification or treatment modalities in high-risk individuals.
The Mediterranean diet: the reasons for a success.; There is a substantial body of evidence linking Mediterranean Diet to cardiovascular risk reduction and prevention of the major chronic diseases. Nevertheless Mediterranean societies are rapidly withdrawing from this eating pattern orienting their food choices toward products typical of the Western diet pattern, which is rich in refined grains, animal fats, sugars, processed meat but are quite poor in legumes, cereals, fruits and vegetables. The reasons people keep on shifting from healthy to unhealthy dietary habits remain open to several interpretations. Social changes appear to have consistently contributed to radical reversal in dietary habits in European Mediterranean societies even though developing Countries are somewhat turning into westernized diets as well. Among possible causes, increasing prices of some of the major food items of Mediterranean pyramid seem to have led people to give up this eating pattern in favor of less expensive products which allow to save money but are definitively unhealthy. Many studies suggest that diet quality follows a socio-economic gradient highlighting how disadvantaged people present higher rates of obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and some types of cancer. Recent studies have shown a linear relationship between food cost and adherence to eating patterns and obesity. In addition to financial crisis, during the last decades the Mediterranean Diet has been put on the spot because of its alcohol -in- moderation component. Does it make any sense to blame a whole philosophy, which turned out to have beneficial effects on human health, just because, in some Countries, there is a misuse of alcoholic beverages?
Nutrition knowledge and Mediterranean diet adherence in the southeast United States: Validation of a field-based survey instrument.; The Mediterranean diet (MD) can reduce chronic disease risk and is a recommended diet for prevention and management of diabetes. Adherence to the MD in the southeast United States where obesity and diabetes are highly prevalent is unknown. The purpose of the present study was to: 1) construct a survey instrument relevant to the general population integrating both MD related nutrition knowledge and adherence questions from previously validated instruments, and 2) assess MD related nutrition knowledge and adherence in a sample population in the southest United States. Adherance was assessed using the validated short MD Adherence Screener (MEDAS). A MD nutrition knowledge (MDNK) questionnaire was developed from previously validated general nutrition knowledge questionnaires and was validated using 127 university students enrolled in three courses with varying levels of nutrition education. Cronbach's α for internal validity of MDNK was acceptable for a short questionnaire (0.653). Test-retest reliability was established (r = 0.853). Field validation of the three-part survey instrument (MEDAS, MDNK and demographic questions) was subsequently performed in 230 adults shopping at supermarkets and farmers markets in eastern Alabama. Total MDNK and MEDAS scores were significantly higher in students with formal nutrition education and in patrons of farmers markets. Greater MD adherence, assessed by dividing MEDAS scores into thirds, was found with increasing formal nutrition education in university students (p = 0.002) and in farmers market participants (p < 0.001). There was a weak but significant association between MDNK and MEDAS scores within university students and participants in the field. Together, the MDNK-MEDAS survey instrument is an effective tool for assessing baseline knowledge and adherence and can be used to target nutritional interventions to improve MD adherence for prevention and management of diabetes and other chronic disease.
Legume consumption and risk of all-cause, cardiovascular, and cancer mortality in the PREDIMED study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Limited prospective studies have examined the association between legumes consumption and mortality, whereas scarce, if at all, previous studies have evaluated such associations taking into consideration specific grain legumes. We aimed to investigate the association between total legumes consumption and grain legumes species (dry beans, chickpeas, lentils, and fresh peas) with all-cause, cardiovascular disease (CVD), cancer and other-cause mortality among elderly Mediterranean individuals at high CVD risk. METHODS: We prospectively assessed 7216 participants from the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea study. Dietary intake was assessed at baseline and yearly during follow-up by using a validated food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 6.0 years, 425 total deaths, 103 CVD deaths, 169 cancer deaths and 153 due to other-causes deaths occurred. Hazard ratios (HRs) [95% confidence interval (CI)] of CVD mortality were 1.52 (1.02-2.89) (P-trend = 0.034) and 2.23 (1.32-3.78) (P-trend = 0.002) for the 3rd tertile of total legumes and dry beans consumption, respectively, compared with the 1st tertile. When comparing extreme tertiles, higher total legumes and lentils consumption was associated with 49% (HR: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.31-0.84; P-trend = 0.009) and 37% (HR: 0.63; 95% CI: 0.40-0.98; P-trend = 0.049) lower risk of cancer mortality. Similar associations were observed for CVD death in males and for cancer death in males, obese and diabetic participants. CONCLUSIONS: These findings support the benefits of legumes consumption for cancer mortality prevention which may be counterbalanced by their higher risk for CVD mortality. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com (ISRCTN35739639). Registration date: 5th October 2005.
French and Mediterranean-style diets: Contradictions, misconceptions and scientific facts-A review.; The determination of appropriate dietary strategies for the prevention of chronic degenerative diseases, cancer, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases remains a challenging and highly relevant issue worldwide. Epidemiological dietary interventions have been studied for decades with contrasting impacts on human health. Moreover, research scientists and physicians have long debated diets encouraging alcohol intake, such as the Mediterranean and French-style diets, with regard to their impact on human health. Understanding the effects of these diets may help to improve in the treatment and prevention of diseases. However, further studies are warranted to determine which individual food components, or combinations thereof, have a beneficial impact on different diseases, since a large number of different compounds may occur in a single food, and their fate in vivo is difficult to measure. Most explanations for the positive effects of Mediterranean-style diet, and of the French paradox, have focused largely on the beneficial properties of antioxidants, among other compounds/metabolites, in foods and red wine. Wine is a traditional alcoholic beverage that has been associated with both healthy and harmful effects. Not withstanding some doubts, there is reasonable unanimity among researchers as to the beneficial effects of moderate wine consumption on cardiovascular disease, diabetes, osteoporosis, and longevity, which have been ascribed to polyphenolic compounds present in wine. Despite this, conflicting findings regarding the impact of alcohol consumption on human health, and contradictory findings concerning the effects of non-alcoholic wine components such as resveratrol, have led to confusion among consumers. In addition to these contradictions and misconceptions, there is a paucity of human research studies confirming known positive effects of polyphenols in vivo. Furthermore, studies balancing both known and unknown prognostic factors have mostly been conducted in vitro or using animal models. Moreover, current studies have shifted focus from red wine to dairy products, such as cheese, to explain the French paradox. The aim of this review is to highlight the contradictions, misconceptions, and scientific facts about wines and diets, giving special focus to the Mediterranean and French diets in disease prevention and human health improvement. To answer the multiplicity of questions regarding the effects of diet and specific diet components on health, and to relieve consumer uncertainty and promote health, comprehensive cross-demographic studies using the latest technologies, which include foodomics and integrated omics approaches, are warranted.
Shifts on Gut Microbiota Associated to Mediterranean Diet Adherence and Specific Dietary Intakes on General Adult Population.; There is increasing evidence for the interaction between gut microbiome, diet, and health. It is known that dysbiosis is related to disease and that most of the times this imbalances in gut microbial populations can be promoted through diet. Western dietary habits, which are characterized by high intakes of calories, animal proteins, saturated fats, and simple sugars have been linked with higher risk of obesity, diabetes, cancer, and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the impact of dietary patterns, dietary components, and nutrients on gut microbiota in healthy people. The aim of our study is to determine the effect of nutrient compounds as well as adherence to a dietary pattern, as the Mediterranean diet (MD) on the gut microbiome of healthy adults. Consequently, gut microbiota composition in healthy individuals, may be used as a potential biomarker to identify nutritional habits as well as risk of disease related to these habits. Dietary information from healthy volunteers (n = 27) was recorded using the Food Frequency Questionnaire. Adherence to the MD was measured using the PREDIMED test. Microbiota composition and diversity were obtained by 16S rRNA gene sequencing and specific quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Microbial metabolic activity was determined by quantification of short chain fatty acids (SCFA) on high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). The results indicated that a higher ratio of Firmicutes-Bacteroidetes was related to lower adherence to the MD, and greater presence of Bacteroidetes was associated with lower animal protein intake. High consumption of animal protein, saturated fats, and sugars affected gut microbiota diversity. A significant higher presence of Christensenellaceae was found in normal-weight individuals compared to those who were overweight. This was also the case in volunteers with greater adherence to the MD compared to those with lower adherence. Butyricimonas, Desulfovibrio, and Oscillospira genera were associated with a BMI <25 and the genus Catenibacterium with a higher PREDIMED score. Higher bifidobacterial counts, and higher total SCFA were related to greater consumption of plant-based nutrients, such as vegetable proteins and polysaccharides. Better adherence to the MD was associated with significantly higher levels of total SCFA. Consequently, diet and specific dietary components could affect microbiota composition, diversity, and activity, which may have an effect on host metabolism by increasing the risk of Western diseases. FAU - Garcia-Mantrana, Izaskun
Nutrition in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular risk in the continental and Mediterranean regions of Croatia.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this observational study was to evaluate the effect of Mediterranean and continental nutrition on cardiovascular risk in patients with acute and chronic coronary heart disease in Croatia. METHODS: The study included 1284 patients who were hospitalized in a 28-month period due to acute or chronic ischaemic heart disease in hospitals across Croatia. An individual questionnaire was prepared which enabled recording of various cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Patients with chronic coronary artery disease have a better index of healthy diet than patients with acute coronary disease. Women have a better index of diet than men in both Croatian regions. When the prevalence of risk factors (impaired glucose tolerance, diabetes mellitus types I and II, hypercholesterolaemia, hypertriglyceridaemia and hypertension) in patients with Mediterranean and continental nutrition is compared, a trend is seen for patients who have risk factors to consume healthier food. CONCLUSION: The Mediterranean diet is associated with reduced risk of developing cardiovascular disease. This effect is more evident in patients with known cardiovascular disease. FAU - Sikic, Jozica
Dietary Interventions for Type 2 Diabetes: How Millet Comes to Help.; Diabetes has become a highly problematic and increasingly prevalent disease world-wide. It has contributed toward 1.5 million deaths in 2012. Management techniques for diabetes prevention in high-risk as well as in affected individuals, beside medication, are mainly through changes in lifestyle and dietary regulation. Particularly, diet can have a great influence on life quality for those that suffer from, as well as those at risk of, diabetes. As such, considerations on nutritional aspects are required to be made to include in dietary intervention. This review aims to give an overview on the general consensus of current dietary and nutritional recommendation for diabetics. In light of such recommendation, the use of plant breeding, conventional as well as more recently developed molecular marker-based breeding and biofortification, are discussed in designing crops with desired characteristics. While there are various recommendations available, dietary choices are restricted by availability due to geo-, political-, or economical- considerations. This particularly holds true for countries such as India, where 65 million people (up from 50 million in 2010) are currently diabetic and their numbers are rising at an alarming rate. Millets are one of the most abundant crops grown in India as well as in Africa, providing a staple food source for many poorest of the poor communities in these countries. The potentials of millets as a dietary component to combat the increasing prevalence of global diabetes are highlighted in this review. FAU - Kam, Jason
It is rocket science - why dietary nitrate is hard to 'beet'! Part II: further mechanisms and therapeutic potential of the nitrate-nitrite-NO pathway.; Dietary nitrate (found in green leafy vegetables such as rocket and in beetroot) is now recognized to be an important source of nitric oxide, via the nitrate-nitrite-NO pathway. Dietary nitrate confers several cardiovascular beneficial effects on blood pressure, platelets, endothelial function, mitochondrial efficiency and exercise. Having described key twists and turns in the elucidation of the pathway and the underlying mechanisms in Part I, we explore the more recent developments which have served to confirm mechanisms, extend our understanding, and discover new properties and potential therapeutic uses of the pathway in Part II. Even the established dependency on low oxygen states for bioactivation of nitrite has recently been challenged. Dietary nitrate appears to be an important component of 'healthy diets', such as the DASH diet to lower blood pressure and the Mediterranean diet, with its potential to lower cardiovascular risk, possibly through beneficial interactions with a range of other constituents. The World Cancer Research Foundation report strong evidence for vegetables including spinach and lettuce (high nitrate-containing) decreasing cancer risk (mouth, pharynx, larynx, oesophagus and stomach), summarized in a 'Nitrate-Cancer Risk Veg-Table'. The European Space Agency recommends that beetroot, lettuce, spinach and rocket (high-nitrate vegetables) are grown to provide food for long-term space missions. Nitrate, an ancient component of rocket fuel, could support sustainable crops for healthy humans.
A randomised controlled trial of a Mediterranean Dietary Intervention for Adults with Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (MEDINA): study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, the most prevalent liver disease in developed countries, remains difficult to manage with no proven safe and effective pharmacotherapy available. While weight reduction is the most commonly practiced treatment strategy, this is difficult to both achieve and/or maintain in the majority. Furthermore evidence-based dietary recommendations to guide the nutritional management of these patients are lacking. Using a randomised controlled trial design, this study compares the effectiveness of the Mediterranean diet to a standard low fat diet in terms of differences in insulin sensitivity, hepatic steatosis and metabolic outcomes in participants with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. METHODS: Ninety four eligible patients who have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and who are insulin resistant, will be randomised into either a Mediterranean or low fat diet group for a 3 month intervention period. Insulin sensitivity will be measured on peripheral blood using Homeostatic Model Assessment and liver fat content quantified using Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy. Both arms will consist of three face to face and three telephone call follow up consultations delivered by an Accredited Practicing Dietitian. The intervention arm focuses on recommendations from the traditional Mediterranean diet which have been tailored for use in the Australian population The standard arm uses the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating and the Australian National Heart Foundation dietary guidelines. Study recruitment will take place at four major metropolitan hospitals in Melbourne, Australia. Data collection will occur at all face to face reviews including baseline, 6, and 12 weeks. A follow up assessment to measure sustainability will take place at 6 and 12 months. The primary end point is improved insulin sensitivity scores at the 12 week time point. DISCUSSION: This trial aims to demonstrate in a large cohort of participants with NALFD that a Mediterranean diet independent of weight loss can result in significant benefits in liver fat and insulin sensitivity and that these changes are sustained at 12 months. These metabolic changes would potentially lead to reductions in the risk of chronic liver disease, heart disease, type 2 diabetes and liver cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Register ACTRN: ACTRN12615001010583 . FAU - Papamiltiadous, Elena S
Assessment of Human Health Risk of Toxic Elements Due to Cinnamon Ingestion in the Diet.; Recent studies highlighted the beneficial action of cinnamon on postprandial glycemia and LDL-cholesterol concentrations, both in healthy subjects and type 2 diabetic patients. Inclusion of 3 to 6 g of cinnamon in diet revealed a beneficial effect on glucose metabolism control in non-diabetic adults during postprandial period. Given the levels of toxic elements present in cinnamon species from different countries, such large daily intakes of cinnamon can easily exceed their maximum permissible limits and, consequently, induce adverse health effects. This study aimed to investigate the elemental concentration profile in cinnamon powder products available in the Portuguese market and to assess the cumulative non-carcinogenic risk to human health due to the exposure to mixtures of such elements through the inclusion of 6 g of cinnamon in diet. Concentrations of Cu, Zn, Fe, Al, Cl, Mn, and Sr were determined by wavelength dispersive X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy in different lots of eight branded and one bulk cinnamon powder products. Linear mixed models have revealed significant differences in concentrations of Zn, Fe, Al, and Cl between brands. In particular, bulk cinnamon samples presented the highest contents of Fe (475.0-490.0 mg kg(-1)) and Al (1139.0-1336.0 mg kg(-1)). The non-carcinogenic risk was assessed following EPA's guidelines through the hazard quotient (HQ). Estimated HQ values were lower than the USEPA guideline of 1. Additionally, the hazard index (HI), representing the combined non-carcinogenic effects of all toxic elements, revealed no potential human health risk for heavy consumers of cinnamon (HI = 0.660). AbstractGraphical ᅟ. FAU - L Gonçalves, Luísa
Ischemic heart disease and the Mediterranean diet.; Lifestyle modification is primary in cardiovascular (CV) disease prevention. A major contribution is the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), defined by two of seven components. Italian investigators determined a significant decrease in peripheral arterial disease of 56 % for a high score. Multiple specific CV risk factors are also favorably modified by the MedDiet. This includes beneficial effect on inflammation, vascular endothelium, and insulin resistance. There is also evidence that coronary heart disease, diabetes mellitus, and metabolic syndrome are decreased. Benefit appears to extend to new migrants in France. The economics of dietary adherence are favorable with decreased total lifetime health costs. Although mixed nuts appear to be a major factor in the MedDiet, special emphasis goes to extra virgin olive oil. Benefit also extends to other noncommunicable diseases with a decrease in cancer, Parkinson's disease, and Alzheimer's disease. Further quantitation of benefit and understanding of mechanisms involved in dietary benefit is essential. FAU - Whayne, Thomas F Jr
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and long-term changes in weight and waist circumference in the EPIC-Italy cohort.; Excessive calorie intake and physical inactivity are considered key determinants of the rapid worldwide increase in obesity prevalence, however the relationship between diet and weight gain is complex. We investigated associations between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and long-term changes in weight and waist circumference in volunteers recruited to the Italian section of the prospective European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC). We investigated 32,119 cohort members who provided anthropometric measures at recruitment and updated information on recall a mean of 12 years later. Adherence to a Mediterranean diet was assessed using the Italian Mediterranean Index (score range 0-11). Associations between index score and weight and waist changes were assessed by multivariate linear regression models. Risks of developing overweight/obesity and abdominal obesity were investigated by multivariate logistic models. Increasing Italian Mediterranean Index score (indicating better adherence) was associated with lower 5-year weight change in volunteers of normal weight at baseline (β -0.12, 95% CI -0.16 to -0.08 for 1 tertile increase in score), but not in those overweight/obese at baseline (P interaction between Index score and BMI 0.0001). High adherence was also associated with reduced risk of becoming overweight/obese (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.84-0.99 third vs. first tertile); smaller 5-year change in waist circumference (β -0.09, 95% CI -0.14 to -0.03 for 1 tertile increase in score); and lower risk of abdominal obesity (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.84-0.99 third vs. first tertile). Adherence to a traditional Italian Mediterranean diet may help prevent weight gain and abdominal obesity. FAU - Agnoli, Claudia
Short-term effects of green tea chronotherapy on the metabolic homeostasis of mice on different diets. LID - 10.4238/gmr16029605 [doi]; Biological rhythms can be defined as changes in physiological or behavioral variables that repeat at certain time intervals. Rhythms that last approximately 24 h are referred to as circadian rhythms. Modern lifestyles have drastically affected human habits, as well as the population's eating habits. These changes have generated an epidemic of metabolic syndromes, such as obesity and diabetes. In an attempt to combat obesity, populations have attempted to use many different herbal remedies and plant-based drugs, the most common of which is Camellia sinensis, or green tea. Most of the studies on the effects of C. sinensis on maintaining body weight have reported the involvement of this substance in lipid oxidation. The objective of this study was to evaluate how the administration of C. sinensis at different times of day influenced changes in body weight, blood glucose levels, and food intake of mice kept under different diet conditions. The structural organization of abdominal adipose tissue was also evaluated, as were certain aspects of lipid metabolism and overall synthetic activity in the liver, adipose tissue, and ovaries. The results obtained suggest that the intake of green tea in the light phase of the day stimulates weight loss, regardless of the diet ingested. Neither glucose levels nor the structural organization of adipose tissue was found to be altered in any of the experimental groups. Neither diet nor the time at which the green tea was administered was found to have any effects on the amount of food the mice consumed. The time at which green tea was consumed and the type of diet both influenced LXRαβ nuclear receptor expression, as well as the expression of fibrillarin in the liver and ovaries, although this influence was tissue specific. FAU - Amorim, R P
BMI and cardiovascular function in children and adolescents of Mauritius Island.; Among countries which have undergone a rapid socio-economic and nutrition transition over the past few decades, the Indian Ocean island of Mauritius is among those with the greatest surge in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes and CVD. The aim of the present study was to characterise the BMI and cardiovascular functions of children and adolescents of this at-risk population. Data were collected through measurements of anthropometry, resting heart rate and blood pressure in a nationally representative sample (n 2489) of children (5-10 years) and adolescents (11-18 years), and analysed according to sex and ethnic identity: South Asian Hindus and Muslims (both of Indian ancestry), Creole (of varying degrees of African ancestry) and Chinese (of mainland China ancestry). Based on standards of the WHO or International Obesity Task Force, one in six of these young individuals exhibit a high BMI-for-age. Analysis by ethnicity revealed that Creole males and females show higher BMI-for-age but also lower heart rate (P < 0·001) even after adjustment for BMI. Additionally, Chinese males and females show higher systolic blood pressure (P < 0·01), independently of BMI. None of these ethnic differences could be related to household income, diet type (vegetarian v. non-vegetarian) or to fruit consumption. This study in children and adolescents of this multi-ethnic at-risk population for CVD reveal ethnic differences in BMI-for-age as well as consistent BMI-independent ethnic differences in heart rate and systolic blood pressure. These findings underscore the need to establish the BMI-fat % relationship across the various ethnic groups and for more detailed investigations about their differences in lifestyle and dietary habits that might explain their differential cardiovascular functions prior to adulthood. FAU - Miles-Chan, Jennifer L
Renal function, cardiovascular disease risk factors' prevalence and 5-year disease incidence; the role of diet, exercise, lipids and inflammation markers: the ATTICA study.; BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the association between renal function and various cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, as well as 5-year incidence of CVD, in a sample of CVD free adults. METHODS: (i) Cross-sectional information from n = 1975. Greek men and women (>18 years) without CVD and hypertension at baseline examination and (ii) 5-year (2001-06) survival data from n = 2101 individuals without CVD at baseline, all participants in the ATTICA study, were analysed in this work. Kidney function was quantified by the baseline estimated creatinine clearance rate (C(cr)), using the Cockcroft-Gault formula and the National Kidney Foundation recommendations. Outcome of interest was the development of CVD that was defined according to WHO-ICD-10 criteria. RESULTS: At baseline, the prevalence of moderate-to-severe renal dysfunction (i.e. C(cr) < 60) was 2.8% in males and 7.7% in females. Physical activity status, cigarette smoking, hypercholesterolemia and homocysteine levels and greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet were inversely associated with C(cr) rate (P < 0.05), while no association was found with history of diabetes. During the 5-year follow-up, people with moderate-to-severe renal dysfunction as compared with normal, had 3.21 times higher CVD risk [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.98-5.19], after adjusting for history of hypertension (hazard ratio = 2.15, 95% CI 1.48-3.11), hypercholesterolemia (1.37, 0.98-1.98), diabetes (3.28, 2.15-5.00), smoking habits (0.89, 0.60-1.32) and physical activity status (0.86, 0.56-1.21). CONCLUSION: Renal function seems to be associated with the levels of lifestyle and bio-clinical CVD risk factors and contribute to the long-term incidence of cardiac events. Public health care practitioners should take into account renal function in better preventing the burden of CVD at individual, and population level, as well. FAU - Chrysohoou, C
Concordance with DASH diet and blood pressure change: results from the Framingham Offspring Study (1991-2008).; BACKGROUND: Concordance with the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has been shown to reduce blood pressure (BP) in short-term intervention studies, but long-term effects are unclear. We evaluated the association of DASH diet concordance with BP trajectories and incidence of hypertension, in 2187 men and women (mean age 52.5 years at baseline) participating in the Framingham Offspring cohort. METHOD: Diet and BP were assessed from 1991 to 2008, with a median follow-up time of 13.4 years. DASH scores (ranging from 0 for worst to 10 for best concordance with DASH diet) were calculated by summing 10 food components that comprise the DASH diet pattern, including fruits and vegetables, low-fat dairy products, lean meat, and plant-based protein. Mixed-effect and Cox regression models were applied, to assess the association of DASH diet concordance with BP longitudinal change and with incidence of hypertension, respectively. All analyses were adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, history of diabetes, BMI, and physical activity. RESULT: Overall, SBP increased by 0.34 mmHg and DBP by 0.10 mmHg annually, in the Framingham Offspring cohort. Every unit increase in the DASH score resulted in a modest increase in SBP of 0.054 mmHg/year (P = 0.028). No associations were observed between DASH diet concordance and DBP or incidence of hypertension. CONCLUSION: Long-term concordance with the DASH diet was not associated with a decreasing BP trajectory over time, or with decreased incidence of hypertension, in this population of middle-aged adults. FAU - Jiang, Jieying
The active role of leguminous plant components in type 2 diabetes.; Diabetes appears to be one of the most frequent noncommunicable diseases in the world. A permanent growth in the incidence of diabetes can be observed and according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) the year 2030 will mark the increase in the number of diabetics to 439 mln worldwide. Type 2 diabetes accounts for about 90% of all diabetes incidence. Nutrition model modification not only features the basic element in type 2 diabetes treatment but also constitutes the fundamental factor influencing a morbidity rate decrease. Leguminous plants are a key factor in the diabetic diet; plants such as pulses or soybeans are nutritious products valued highly in nutrition. These legumes are high in the content of wholesome protein and contain large amounts of soluble alimentary fiber fractions, polyunsaturated fatty acids, vitamins and minerals, and bioactive substances with antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and anticancer activity. They are distinguished by the high amount of bioactive compounds that may interfere with the metabolism of glucose. The most significant bioactive compounds displaying antidiabetic activity in leguminous plants are as follows: genistein and daidzein, alpha-amylase inhibitors, and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. In vitro research using leguminous plant extracts has confirmed their antidiabetic properties. Leguminous plants should be employed in the promotion of healthy lifestyles in terms of functional food. FAU - Gętek, Monika
Increase in metabolic syndrome as defined by ATPIII from 1992-1993 to 2002-2003 in a Mediterranean population.; This paper presents the results of a study that aimed to describe the prevalence and evolution of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the Mediterranean population of Catalonia, Spain, between 1992-1993 and 2002-2003 by applying the National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III (ATPIII) and International Diabetes Federation (IDF) definitions. Data from two cross-sectional population-based surveys were used (ENCAT 1992-1993 [n = 820] and 2002-2003 [n = 1,384]). Applying IDF definitions, MetS tended to increase (P = 0.08), from 25% in 1992-1993 to 28.5% in 2002-2003. Applying ATPIII definitions, MetS prevalence was lower, and it increased significantly (P < 0.001) from 18.4% in 1992-1993 to 24.8% in 2002-2003. MetS prevalence is high and has increased significantly in the last decade in Catalonia. FAU - Buckland, Genevieve G
The Association between Popular Diets and Serum Testosterone among Men in the United States.; PURPOSE: We examined the relationship of the serum testosterone level to low fat, Mediterranean and low carbohydrate diets in a large, nationally representative patient sample. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We queried the NHANES (National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey) from 1999 to 2000, 2003 to 2004 and 2011 to 2012. Men 18 to 80 years old who completed the 2-day dietary history and underwent serum testosterone testing were included in analysis. Diets were categorized as low fat, Mediterranean, low carbohydrate or nonrestrictive. Multivariable modeling was used to determine the relationship between diet and serum testosterone. RESULTS: Of the 3,128 men who met study inclusion criteria 457 (14.6%) and 764 (24.4%) met the criteria for a low fat and a Mediterranean diet, respectively. Only 2 men (less than 0.1%) met the criteria for a low carbohydrate diet, which was removed from further analysis. Mean ± SD serum testosterone was 435.5 ± 6.7 ng/dl. Mean testosterone was lower among men with a low fat diet (410.8 ± 8.1 vs 443.5 ± 7.3, p=0.005) and a Mediterranean diet (412.9 ± 9.1 vs 443.5 ± 7.3, p=0.002). Multivariable analysis controlling for age, body mass index, activity level, diabetes, comorbidities and prostate cancer showed that men with a nonrestrictive diet had higher serum testosterone than those adhering to a low fat diet (ß -57.2, 95% CI -105.6 to -8.8, p <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Men adhering to low fat diets had lower serum testosterone levels even when controlling for comorbidities, age, body mass index and activity levels. As differences in serum testosterone between the diets were modest, the avoidance of fat restrictive diets should be weighed against the potential benefits on an individual basis. FAU - Fantus, Richard J
Efficacy and safety of a very-low-protein diet when postponing dialysis in the elderly: a prospective randomized multicenter controlled study.; BACKGROUND: A supplemented very-low-protein diet (sVLPD) seems to be safe when postponing dialysis therapy. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective multicenter randomized controlled study designed to assess the noninferiority of diet versus dialysis in 1-year mortality assessed by using intention-to-treat and per-protocol analysis. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Italian uremic patients without diabetes older than 70 years with glomerular filtration rate of 5 to 7 mL/min (0.08 to 0.12 mL/s). INTERVENTION: Randomization to an sVLPD (diet group) or dialysis. The sVLPD is a vegan diet (35 kcal; proteins, 0.3 g/kg body weight daily) supplemented with keto-analogues, amino acids, and vitamins. Patients following an sVLPD started dialysis therapy in the case of malnutrition, intractable fluid overload, hyperkalemia, or appearance of uremic symptoms. OUTCOMES & MEASUREMENTS: Mortality, hospitalization, and metabolic markers. RESULTS: 56 patients were randomly assigned to each group, median follow-up was 26.5 months (interquartile range, 40), and patients in the diet group spent a median of 10.7 months (interquartile range, 11) following an sVLPD. Forty patients in the diet group started dialysis treatment because of either fluid overload or hyperkalemia. There were 31 deaths (55%) in the dialysis group and 28 deaths (50%) in the diet group. One-year observed survival rates at intention to treat were 83.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], 74.5 to 94.0) in the dialysis group versus 87.3% (95% CI, 78.9 to 96.5) in the diet group (log-rank test for noninferiority, P < 0.001; for superiority, P = 0.6): the difference in survival was -3.6% (95% CI, -17 to +10; P = 0.002). The hazard ratio for hospitalization was 1.50 for the dialysis group (95% CI, 1.11 to 2.01; P < 0.01). LIMITATIONS: The unblinded nature of the study, exclusion of patients with diabetes, and incomplete enrollment. CONCLUSION: An sVLPD was effective and safe when postponing dialysis treatment in elderly patients without diabetes. FAU - Brunori, Giuliano
Effect of a Lifestyle Intervention Program With Energy-Restricted Mediterranean Diet and Exercise on Weight Loss and Cardiovascular Risk Factors: One-Year Results of the PREDIMED-Plus Trial.; OBJECTIVE: The long-term impact of intentional weight loss on cardiovascular events remains unknown. We describe 12-month changes in body weight and cardiovascular risk factors in PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED)-Plus, a trial designed to evaluate the long-term effectiveness of an intensive weight loss lifestyle intervention on primary cardiovascular prevention. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Overweight/obese adults with metabolic syndrome aged 55-75 years (n = 626) were randomized to an intensive weight loss lifestyle intervention based on an energy-restricted Mediterranean diet, physical activity promotion, and behavioral support (IG) or a control group (CG). The primary and secondary outcomes were changes in weight and cardiovascular risk markers, respectively. RESULTS: Diet and physical activity changes were in the expected direction, with significant improvements in IG versus CG. After 12 months, IG participants lost an average of 3.2 kg vs. 0.7 kg in the CG (P < 0.001), a mean difference of -2.5 kg (95% CI -3.1 to -1.9). Weight loss ≥5% occurred in 33.7% of IG participants compared with 11.9% in the CG (P < 0.001). Compared with the CG, cardiovascular risk factors, including waist circumference, fasting glucose, triglycerides, and HDL cholesterol, significantly improved in IG participants (P < 0.002). Reductions in insulin resistance, HbA(1c), and circulating levels of leptin, interleukin-18, and MCP-1 were greater in IG than CG participants (P < 0.05). IG participants with prediabetes/diabetes significantly improved glycemic control and insulin sensitivity, along with triglycerides and HDL cholesterol levels compared with their CG counterparts. CONCLUSIONS: PREDIMED-Plus intensive lifestyle intervention for 12 months was effective in decreasing adiposity and improving cardiovascular risk factors in overweight/obese older adults with metabolic syndrome, as well as in individuals with or at risk for diabetes.
Nutrigenetics: links between genetic background and response to Mediterranean-type diets.; OBJECTIVE: It has been substantiated that the onset of most major diseases (CVD, diabetes, obesity, cancers, etc.) is modulated by the interaction between genetic traits (susceptibility) and environmental factors, especially diet. We aim to report more specific observations relating the effects of Mediterranean-type diets on cardiovascular risk factors and the genetic background of subjects. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: In the first part, general concepts about nutrigenetics are briefly presented. Human genome has, overall, only marginally changed since its origin but it is thought that minor changes (polymorphisms) of common genes that occurred during evolution are now widespread in human populations, and can alter metabolic pathways and response to diets. In the second part, we report the data obtained during the Medi-RIVAGE intervention study performed in the South-East of France. Data obtained in 169 subjects at moderate cardiovascular risk after a 3-month dietary intervention indicate that some of the twenty-three single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) studied exhibit interactions with diets regarding changes of particular parameters after 3-month regimens. Detailed examples are presented, such as interactions between SNP in genes coding for microsomial transfer protein (MTTP) or intestinal fatty acid binding protein (FABP2) and triglyceride, LDL-cholesterol or Framigham score lowering in responses to Mediterranean-type diets. The data provided add further evidence of the interaction between particular SNP and metabolic responses to diets. Finally, improvement in dietary recommendations by taking into account known genetic variability has been discussed. FAU - Lairon, Denis
The Association Between Major Dietary Patterns and Pregnancy-related Complications.; BACKGROUND: Most pregnancy-related complications are associated with increased risks of adverse outcomes for mother and her infant. Although, relations between diet and pregnancy's complications indicate that there may be some benefits of nutritional factors to prevent such disorders, there are rare studies regarding the associations of dietary patterns and mentioned complications. So, the aim of the present study was to determine the relationship between dietary patterns and risk of pregnancy-related complications. METHODS: The current prospective observational study was based on the data collected from 812 pregnant women. Dietary data was collected using a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Three major dietary patterns identified according to the results from the factor loading matrix were: (i) 'western dietary pattern'; (ii) 'traditional dietary pattern'; (iii) 'healthy dietary pattern'. Overall, this study demonstrated a marginal significant inverse association between high adherence to healthy dietary pattern and chance of having pre-eclampsia. Also, a high chance of pre-eclampsia was observed among women with the most adherence to western dietary pattern. CONCLUSION: We found that dietary patterns might be associated with the risk of pregnancy-related complications. Further studies are required to confirm these findings.
The immune protective effect of the Mediterranean diet against chronic low-grade inflammatory diseases.; Dietary patterns high in refined starches, sugar, and saturated and trans-fatty acids, poor in natural antioxidants and fiber from fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, and poor in omega-3 fatty acids may cause an activation of the innate immune system, most likely by excessive production of proinflammatory cytokines associated with a reduced production of anti-inflammatory cytokines. The Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) is a nutritional model inspired by the traditional dietary pattern of some of the countries of the Mediterranean basin. This dietary pattern is characterized by the abundant consumption of olive oil, high consumption of plant foods (fruits, vegetables, pulses, cereals, nuts and seeds); frequent and moderate intake of wine (mainly with meals); moderate consumption of fish, seafood, yogurt, cheese, poultry and eggs; and low consumption of red meat, processed meat products and seeds. Several epidemiological studies have evaluated the effects of a Mediterranean pattern as protective against several diseases associated with chronic low-grade inflammation such as cancer, diabetes, obesity, atherosclerosis, metabolic syndrome and cognition disorders. The adoption of this dietary pattern could counter the effects of several inflammatory markers, decreasing, for example, the secretion of circulating and cellular biomarkers involved in the atherosclerotic process. Thus, the aim of this review was to consider the current evidence about the effectiveness of the MedDiet in these chronic inflammatory diseases due to its antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, which may not only act on classical risk factors but also on inflammatory biomarkers such as adhesion molecules, cytokines or molecules related to the stability of atheromatic plaque. FAU - Casas, Rosa
Prebiotics from acorn and sago prevent high-fat-diet-induced insulin resistance via microbiome-gut-brain axis modulation.; Role of gut microbiome in obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D) became apparent from several independent studies indicating that gut microbiome modulators like prebiotics may improve microbiome perturbations (dysbiosis) to ameliorate metabolic derangements. We herein isolate water soluble, nondigestible polysaccharides from five plant-based foods (acorn, quinoa, sunflower, pumpkin seeds and sago) and assess their impact on human fecal microbiome and amelioration of high-fat-diet (HFD)-induced obesity/T2D in mice. During polysaccharide isolation, purification, biochemical and digestion resistance characterization, and fermentation pattern by human fecal microbiome, we select acorn- and sago-derived prebiotics (on the basis of relatively higher purity and yield and lower protein contamination) and examine their effects in comparison to inulin. Prebiotics treatments in human fecal microbiome culture system not only preserve microbial diversity but also appear to foster beneficial bacteria and short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs). Feeding of acorn- and sago-derived prebiotics ameliorates HFD-induced glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in mice, with effects comparatively superior to those seen in inulin-fed mice. Feeding of both of novel prebiotics as well as inulin increases SCFAs levels in the mouse gut. Interestingly, gut hyperpermeability and mucosal inflammatory markers were significantly reduced upon prebiotics feeding in HFD-fed mice. Hypothalamic energy signaling in terms of increased expression of pro-opiomelanocortin was also modulated by prebiotics administration. Results demonstrate that these (and/or such) novel prebiotics can ameliorate HFD-induced defects in glucose metabolism via positive modulation of gut-microbiome-brain axis and hence could be useful in preventing/treating diet-induced obesity/T2D.
Mediterranean diet and risk of pancreatic cancer in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition cohort.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet (MD) has been proposed as a means for cancer prevention, but little evidence has been accrued regarding its potential to prevent pancreatic cancer. We investigated the association between the adherence to the MD and pancreatic cancer risk within the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort. METHODS: Over half a million participants from 10 European countries were followed up for over 11 years, after which 865 newly diagnosed exocrine pancreatic cancer cases were identified. Adherence to the MD was estimated through an adapted score without the alcohol component (arMED) to discount alcohol-related harmful effects. Cox proportional hazards regression models, stratified by age, sex and centre, and adjusted for energy intake, body mass index, smoking status, alcohol intake and diabetes status at recruitment, were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) associated with pancreatic cancer and their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Adherence to the arMED score was not associated with risk of pancreatic cancer (HR high vs low adherence=0.99; 95% CI: 0.77-1.26, and HR per increments of two units in adherence to arMED=1.00; 95% CI: 0.94-1.06). There was no convincing evidence for heterogeneity by smoking status, body mass index, diabetes or European region. There was also no evidence of significant associations in analyses involving microscopically confirmed cases, plausible reporters of energy intake or other definitions of the MD pattern. CONCLUSIONS: A high adherence to the MD is not associated with pancreatic cancer risk in the EPIC study. FAU - Molina-Montes, Esther
Intestinal serine protease inhibition increases FGF21 and improves metabolism in obese mice.; Trypsin is the major serine protease responsible for intestinal protein digestion. An inhibitor, camostat (CS), reduced weight gain, hyperglycemia, and dyslipidemia in obese rats; however, the mechanisms for these are largely unknown. We reasoned that CS creates an apparent dietary protein restriction, which is known to increase hepatic fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21). Therefore, metabolic responses to CS and a gut-restricted CS metabolite, FOY-251, were measured in mice. Food intake, body weight, blood glucose, branched-chain amino acids (LC/MS), hormone levels (ELISA), liver pathology (histology), and transcriptional changes (qRT-PCR) were measured in ob/ob, lean and diet-induced obese (DIO) C57BL/6 mice. In ob/ob mice, CS in chow (9-69 mg/kg) or FOY-251 (46 mg/kg) reduced food intake and body weight gain to a similar extent as pair-fed mice. CS decreased blood glucose, liver weight, and lipidosis and increased FGF21 gene transcription and plasma levels. In lean mice, CS increased liver FGF21 mRNA and plasma levels. Relative to pair feeding, FOY-251 also increased plasma FGF21 and induced liver FGF21 and integrated stress response (ISR) transcription. In DIO mice, FOY-251 (100 mg/kg po) did not alter peak glucose levels but reduced the AUC of the glucose excursion in response to an oral glucose challenge. FOY-251 increased plasma FGF21 levels. In addition to previously reported satiety-dependent (cholecystokinin-mediated) actions, intestinal trypsin inhibition engages non-satiety-related pathways in both leptin-deficient and DIO mice. This novel mechanism improves metabolism by a liver-integrated stress response and increased FGF21 expression levels in mice. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Trypsin inhibitors, including plant-based consumer products, have long been associated with metabolic improvements. Studies in the 1980s and 1990s suggested this was due to satiety hormones and caloric wasting by loss of protein and fatty acids in feces. This work suggests an entirely new mechanism based on the lower amounts of digested protein available in the gut. This apparent protein reduction may cause beneficial metabolic adaptation by the intestinal-liver axis to perceived nutrient stress. FAU - Albarazanji, Kamal
A 21-day Daniel fast with or without krill oil supplementation improves anthropometric parameters and the cardiometabolic profile in men and women.; BACKGROUND: The Daniel Fast is a vegan diet that prohibits the consumption of animal products, refined foods, white flour, preservatives, additives, sweeteners, flavorings, caffeine, and alcohol. Following this dietary plan for 21 days has been demonstrated to improve blood pressure, LDL-C, and certain markers of oxidative stress, but it has also been shown to lower HDL-C. Krill oil supplementation has been shown to increase HDL-C. METHODS: We investigated the effects of following a Daniel Fast dietary plan with either krill oil supplementation (2 g/day) or placebo supplementation (coconut oil; 2 g/day) for 21 days. The subjects in this study (12 men and 27 women) were heterogeneous with respect to body mass index (BMI) (normal weight, overweight, and obese), blood lipids (normolipidemic and hyperlipidemic), blood glucose (normal fasting glucose, impaired fasting glucose, and type 2 diabetic), and blood pressure (normotensive and hypertensive). RESULTS: Krill oil supplementation had no effect on any outcome measure (all p > 0.05), and so the data from the krill oil group and the placebo group were collapsed and analyzed to examine the effects of following a 21-day Daniel Fast. Significant reductions were observed in LDL-C (100.6 ± 4.3 mg/dL vs. 80.0 ± 3.7 mg/dL), the LDL:HDL ratio (2.0 ± 0.1 vs. 1.7 ± 0.1), fasting blood glucose (101.4 ± 7.5 mg/dL vs. 91.7 ± 3.4 mg/dL), fasting blood insulin (7.92 ± 0.80 μU/mL vs. 5.76 ± 0.59 μU/mL), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (2.06 ± 0.30 vs. 1.40 ± 0.21), systolic BP (110.7 ± 2.2 mm Hg vs. 105.5 ± 1.7 mm Hg), and body weight (74.1 ± 2.4 kg vs. 71.5 ± 2.3 kg) (all p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Following a Daniel Fast dietary plan improves a variety of cardiometabolic parameters in a wide range of individuals in as little as 21 days, and these improvements are unaffected by krill oil supplementation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrial.govNCT01378767. FAU - Trepanowski, John F
Scientific evidence of interventions using the Mediterranean diet: a systematic review.; The Mediterranean Diet has been associated with greater longevity and quality of life in epidemiological studies, the majority being observational. The application of evidence-based medicine to the area of public health nutrition involves the necessity of developing clinical trials and systematic reviews to develop sound recommendations. The purpose of this study was to analyze and review the experimental studies on Mediterranean diet and disease prevention. A systematic review was made and a total of 43 articles corresponding to 35 different experimental studies were selected. Results were analyzed for the effects of the Mediterranean diet on lipoproteins, endothelial resistance, diabetes and antioxidative capacity, cardiovascular diseases, arthritis, cancer, body composition, and psychological function. The Mediterranean diet showed favorable effects on lipoprotein levels, endothelium vasodilatation, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, antioxidant capacity, myocardial and cardiovascular mortality, and cancer incidence in obese patients and in those with previous myocardial infarction. Results disclose the mechanisms of the Mediterranean diet in disease prevention, particularly in cardiovascular disease secondary prevention, but also emphasize the need to undertake experimental research and systematic reviews in the areas of primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, infectious diseases, age-related cognitive impairment, and cancer, among others. Interventions should use food scores or patterns to ascertain adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Further experimental research is needed to corroborate the benefits of the Mediterranean diet and the underlying mechanisms, and in this sense the methodology of the ongoing PREDIMED study is explained. FAU - Serra-Majem, Lluís
Association of soy and fiber consumption with the risk of endometrial cancer.; The authors conducted a case-control study among the multi-ethnic population of Hawaii to examine the role of dietary soy, fiber, and related foods and nutrients on the risk of endometrial cancer. Endometrial cancer cases (n = 332) diagnosed between 1985 and 1993 were identified from the five main ethnic groups in the state (Japanese, Caucasian, Native Hawaiian, Filipino, and Chinese) through the rapid-reporting system of the Hawaii Tumor Registry. Population controls (n = 511) were selected randomly from lists of female Oahu residents and matched to cases on age (+/-2.5 years) and ethnicity. All subjects were interviewed using a diet history questionnaire that included over 250 food items. Non-dietary risk factors for endometrial cancer included nulliparity, never using oral contraceptives, fertility drug use, use of unopposed estrogens, a history of diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and a high Quetelet's index (kg/cm2). Energy intake from fat, but not from other sources, was positively associated with the risk of endometrial cancer. The authors also found a positive, monotonic relation of fat intake with the odds ratios for endometrial cancer after adjustment for energy intake. The consumption of fiber, but not starch, was inversely related to risk after adjustment for energy intake and other confounders. Similar inverse gradients in the odds ratios were obtained for crude fiber, non-starch polysaccharide, and dietary fiber. Sources of fiber, including cereal and vegetable and fruit fiber, were associated with a 29-46% reduction in risk for women in the highest quartiles of consumption. Vitamin A and possibly vitamin C, but not vitamin E, were also inversely associated with endometrial cancer, although trends were not strong. High consumption of soy products and other legumes was associated with a decreased risk of endometrial cancer (p for trend = 0.01; odds ratio = 0.46, 95% confidence interval 0.26-0.83) for the highest compared with the lowest quartile of soy intake. Similar reductions in risk were found for increased consumption of other sources of phytoestrogens such as whole grains, vegetables, fruits, and seaweeds. Ethnic-specific analyses were generally consistent with these results. The observed dietary associations appeared to be largely independent of other risk factors, although the effects of soy and legumes on risk were limited to women who were never pregnant or who had never used unopposed estrogens. These data suggest that plant-based diets low in calories from fat, high in fiber, and rich in legumes (especially soybeans), whole grain foods, vegetables, and fruits reduce the risk of endometrial cancer. These dietary associations may explain in part the reduced rates of uterine cancer in Asian countries compared with those in the United States. FAU - Goodman, M T
Dietary Pattern and Plasma BCAA-Variations in Healthy Men and Women-Results from the KarMeN Study. LID - 10.3390/nu10050623 [doi] LID - 623; Branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) in plasma are discussed as risk factors for the onset of several diseases. Information about the contribution of the overall diet to plasma BCAA concentrations is controversial. Our objective was to investigate which dietary pattern is associated with plasma BCAA concentrations and whether other additional nutrients besides BCAA further characterize this dietary pattern. Based on the cross-sectional KarMeN study, fasting plasma amino acid (AA) concentrations, as well as current and habitual dietary intake were assessed in 298 healthy individuals. Using reduced rank regression, we derived a habitual dietary pattern that explained 32.5% of plasma BCAA variation. This pattern was high in meat, sausages, sauces, eggs, and ice cream but low in nuts, cereals, mushrooms, and pulses. The age, sex, and energy intake adjusted dietary pattern score was associated with an increase in animal-based protein together with a decrease in plant-based protein, dietary fiber, and an unfavorable fatty acid composition. Besides BCAA, alanine, lysine and the aromatic AA were positively associated with the dietary pattern score as well. All of these factors were reported to be associated with risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases before. Our data suggest that rather than the dietary intake of BCAA, the overall dietary pattern that contributes to high BCAA plasma concentrations may modulate chronic diseases risk. FAU - Merz, Benedikt
Anti-inflammatory Activity of Extra Virgin Olive Oil Polyphenols: Which Role in the Prevention and Treatment of Immune-Mediated Inflammatory Diseases?; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Altered inflammatory response characterizes chronic immunemediated inflammatory diseases (IMID) such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and psoriasis. Accumulating evidence indicates that regular consumption of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO), the main source of fat in the Mediterranean diet, is associated with a reduced risk of developing chronic degenerative disorders such as cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes and cancer. The beneficial effects on health of EVOO have been attributed, besides to the monounsaturated fats content, to the presence of phenolic compounds that have antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory properties. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of the effects of EVOO polyphenols on IMID highlighting the potential mechanisms of action. METHODS: Scientific papers were found by searching in PubMed up to May 2017 using the following key words: rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, multiple sclerosis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and psoriasis also in combination with EVOO, phenolic compounds, oleuropein, oleocantal, hydroxytyrosol,tyrosol and oleochantal. RESULTS: In vitro and in vivo studies indicate that EVOO and its polyphenols can improve diseases symptoms in IMID, by acting both at local and systemic levels and by modulating several molecular pathways. Nevertheless, there are not sufficient data to achieve specific nutritional guidelines. CONCLUSION: Further research is needed to evaluate the real contribution of EVOO and its phenolic compounds in modulating the IMID-associated inflammatory perturbations, in order to develop appropriate nutritional recommendations.
Diet quality and nutrient density in subjects with metabolic syndrome: Influence of socioeconomic status and lifestyle factors. A cross-sectional assessment in the PREDIMED-Plus study.; BACKGROUND: Socioeconomic disparities and lifestyle factors are likely to determine the overall quality of the diet. In addition, overeating is compatible with inadequate micronutrient intake and it can lead to adverse health outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To assess adequacy of dietary nutrient intake and to investigate the influence of socioeconomic and lifestyle factors on nutrient density in a large primary cardiovascular prevention trial conducted in healthy participants with metabolic syndrome (MetS) to assess the cardiovascular effects of an energy-restricted Mediterranean diet (PREDIMED-Plus). METHODS: Baseline cross-sectional analysis of the PREDIMED-Plus trial with 6646 Spanish participants (aged 55-75 years in men and 60-75 years in women) with overweight/obesity and MetS. Energy and nutrient intake (for 10 nutrients) were calculated using a validated 143-item Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) and nutrient density was estimated dividing the absolute nutrient intake by total energy intake. The prevalence of inadequate intake was estimated according to dietary reference intakes. Multivariable linear regression models were fitted to examine associations between socioeconomic status or lifestyle factors and nutrient density. RESULTS: A considerable proportion of the screened participants showed a deficient intake of vitamins A, D, E, B(9), calcium, magnesium and dietary fibre. Inadequate intake of four or more of the ten nutrients considered was present in 17% of participants. A higher nutrient density was directly and significantly associated with female sex, higher educational level and a better adherence to the Mediterranean diet. Lifestyle factors such as non-smoking and avoidance of sedentary lifestyles were also independently associated with better nutrient density. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with MetS, despite being overweight, exhibited suboptimal nutrient intake, especially among men. Low nutrient density diet can be largely explained by differences in socioeconomic and lifestyle factors. These results highlight the importance of focussing on nutritional education in vulnerable populations, taking into account nutrient requirements.
Fish consumption and the risk of developing acute coronary syndromes: the CARDIO2000 study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to investigate the association between fish consumption and the development of non-fatal acute coronary syndromes (ACS), in a Mediterranean population. METHODS: During 2000-2001, we randomly and stratified selected, from all Greek regions, 848 hospitalised patients (695 males, 58+/-10 years old and 153 females, 65+/-9 years old) who had a first event of ACS and 1078 paired, by region-sex-age, controls without any clinical symptoms or signs of coronary heart disease. RESULTS: On multivariate logistic regression analysis and, after controlling for several potential confounders, we found that fish consumption less than 150 g/week was associated with 38% lower odds of developing ACS as compared to no consumption (odds ratio=0.62, P-value<0.05). In contrast, moderate (150-300 g/week) and high (>300 g/week) fish consumption was not associated with the developing of the disease (odds ratios=1.10 and 1.01, respectively, P-value>0.1). The benefits from low fish consumption were also significant even amongst current smokers and diabetics. CONCLUSION: Moderate fish consumption was independently associated with a significant reduction in the odds of developing ACS. The strength and consistency of this finding has implications for public health and should be explored further. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
Obesity Mediates the Association between Mediterranean Diet Consumption and Insulin Resistance and Inflammation in US Adults.; Background: The inverse association between Mediterranean diet (Med-diet) consumption and insulin resistance or inflammatory markers is well known. However, the extent to which obesity may act directly on or mediate this association is unclear.Objective: We aimed to investigate whether the associations between Med-diet consumption and markers of insulin resistance and inflammation are mediated by body mass index (BMI) or waist circumference (WC) in a representative US population.Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 4700 adults aged 20-90 y without any previous diagnosis of cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or hypertension based on the NHANES III, 1988-1994. A Med-diet score (MDS) was created to assess adherence to the Med-diet. Linear regression models were fitted in conventional and causal mediation analyses comparing extreme MDS tertiles.Results: Compared with the lowest MDS tertile, the highest tertile of MDS was associated with a 0.77 lower BMI (in kg/m(2); P = 0.004) and a 2.7 cm lower WC (P < 0.001) after multivariable adjustment. WC mediated the association of MDS with insulin resistance and glucose intolerance markers (log insulin, log homoeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, fasting glucose, and glycated hemoglobin) and inflammatory markers (white blood cell count and fibrinogen), whereas BMI mediated the association between MDS and insulin resistance and glucose intolerance markers only (all P < 0.05). The mediated effects of WC were consistently greater than those of BMI for all markers in both conventional and causal mediation analyses. Furthermore, the association between MDS and fasting glucose was fully mediated by adiposity, especially by WC in men aged <45 y and in premenopausal women.Conclusion: Our results suggest that reducing abdominal obesity may play an important role in the pathway through which Med-diet consumption reduces insulin resistance and inflammation.
Mediterranean diet, Alzheimer disease, and vascular mediation.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the association between the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) and Alzheimer disease (AD) in a different AD population and to investigate possible mediation by vascular pathways. Design, Setting, Patients, and MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A case-control study nested within a community-based cohort in New York, NY. Adherence to the MeDi (0- to 9-point scale with higher scores indicating higher adherence) was the main predictor of AD status (194 patients with AD vs 1790 nondemented subjects) in logistic regression models that were adjusted for cohort, age, sex, ethnicity, education, apolipoprotein E genotype, caloric intake, smoking, medical comorbidity index, and body mass index (calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared). We investigated whether there was attenuation of the association between MeDi and AD when vascular variables (stroke, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, heart disease, lipid levels) were simultaneously introduced in the models (which would constitute evidence of mediation). RESULTS: Higher adherence to the MeDi was associated with lower risk for AD (odds ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.67-0.87; P<.001). Compared with subjects in the lowest MeDi tertile, subjects in the middle MeDi tertile had an odds ratio of 0.47 (95% confidence interval, 0.29-0.76) and those at the highest tertile an odds ratio of 0.32 (95% confidence interval, 0.17-0.59) for AD (P for trend <.001). Introduction of the vascular variables in the model did not change the magnitude of the association. CONCLUSIONS: We note once more that higher adherence to the MeDi is associated with a reduced risk for AD. The association does not seem to be mediated by vascular comorbidity. This could be the result of either other biological mechanisms (oxidative or inflammatory) being implicated or measurement error of the vascular variables. FAU - Scarmeas, Nikolaos
Erectile dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in a Mediterranean diet cohort.; BACKGROUND: Erectile dysfunction affects more than 100 million men worldwide, with a wide variability in prevalence. An overall association of cardiovascular risk factors, lifestyle and diet in the context of ED in a Mediterranean population is lacking. AIM: To assess ED prevalence and associated factors in a Mediterranean cohort of non-diabetic patients with cardiovascular risk factors. METHODS: Observational, cross-sectional study of patients aged over 40 treated at cardiovascular risk units in Catalonia. Anthropometric data, risk factors, lifestyle and diet habits were recorded. ED was assessed using the International Index of Erectile Function. RESULTS: Four hundred and forty patients included, 186 (42.3%) with ED (24.8% mild, 6.8% moderate and 10.7% severe). ED presence and severity were associated with age, obesity, waist circumference, hypertension, antihypertensive treatment and ischaemic disease. Patients with ED were more frequently smokers, sedentary and consumed more alcohol. In multivariate analysis, consumption of nuts (> twice a week) (OR 0.41 (95% CI 0.25 to 0.67) and vegetables (≥ once a day) (OR 0.47 (95% CI 0.28-0,77)), were inversely related to ED. Obesity (as BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2) ) (OR 2.49 (95% CI 1.48-4.17)), ischaemic disease (OR 2.30 (95% CI 1.22 to 4.33), alcohol consumption (alcohol-units a day) (OR 1.14 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.26), and age (year) (OR = 1.07 (95% CI 1.04-1.10) were directly related to ED. CONCLUSION: Erectile dysfunction is a common disorder in patients treated in lipid units in Catalonia for cardiovascular risk factors. This condition is associated with age, obesity, ischaemic disease and unhealthy lifestyle habits.
Cardiovascular risk in climacteric women: focus on diet.; A literature search was made using PubMed. The proportion of postmenopausal women has been continually increasing because of enhanced life expectancy. However, accompanying this trend, there is an observed increase in mortality due to cardiovascular disease (CVD). All over the world, obesity rates are increasing and this fact is associated with expanded rates of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and diabetes. Many of these well-known risk factors for CVD can be modified by lifestyle changes. For this reason, nutritional strategies to prevent CVD in this population should be a primary objective for health-care providers. Any attempt at lifestyle modification should include behavioral changes and the implementation of healthy diets and physical activity. The Mediterranean diet is comparable with other interventions such as aspirin, statins, physical activity, and even antihypertensives in terms of reducing the risk of CVD morbidity, mortality and events. The aim of this review is to analyze the effect of dietary advice on postmenopausal women's health. FAU - Hernández-Angeles, C
Plant phenolics as functional food ingredients.; Phenolic compounds have attracted much attention in recent times as their dietary intake has been associated with the prevention of some chronic and degenerative diseases that constitute major causes of death and incapacity in developed countries, such as cardiovascular diseases, type II diabetes, some types of cancers or neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases. Nowadays it is considered that these compounds contribute, at least in part, for the protective effects of fruit and vegetable-rich diets, so that the study of their role in human nutrition has become a central issue in food research. This chapter reviews the current knowledge on the phenolic compounds as food components, namely their occurrence in the diet, bioavailability and metabolism, biological activities and mechanisms of action. Besides, the approaches for their extraction from plant matrices and technological improvements regarding their preparation, stability and bioavailability in order to be used as functional food ingredients are also reviewed, as well as their legal situation regarding the possibility of making "health claims" based on their presence in food and beverages.
Benefits of the Mediterranean Diet: Insights From the PREDIMED Study.; The PREDIMED (PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea) multicenter, randomized, primary prevention trial assessed the long-term effects of the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) on clinical events of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We randomized 7447 men and women at high CVD risk into three diets: MeDiet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), MeDiet supplemented with nuts, and control diet (advice on a low-fat diet). No energy restriction and no special intervention on physical activity were applied. We observed 288 CVD events (a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke or CVD death) during a median time of 4.8years; hazard ratios were 0.70 (95% CI, 0.53-0.91) for the MeDiet+EVOO and 0.70 (CI, 0.53-0.94) for the MeDiet+nuts compared to the control group. Respective hazard ratios for incident diabetes (273 cases) among 3541 non-diabetic participants were 0.60 (0.43-0.85) and 0.82 (0.61-1.10) for MeDiet+EVOO and MeDiet+nuts, respectively versus control. Significant improvements in classical and emerging CVD risk factors also supported a favorable effect of both MeDiets on blood pressure, insulin sensitivity, lipid profiles, lipoprotein particles, inflammation, oxidative stress, and carotid atherosclerosis. In nutrigenomic studies beneficial effects of the intervention with MedDiets showed interactions with several genetic variants (TCF7L2, APOA2, MLXIPL, LPL, FTO, M4CR, COX-2, GCKR and SERPINE1) with respect to intermediate and final phenotypes. Thus, the PREDIMED trial provided strong evidence that a vegetable-based MeDiet rich in unsaturated fat and polyphenols can be a sustainable and ideal model for CVD prevention.
Exploring the potential of black tea based flavonoids against hyperlipidemia related disorders.; BACKGROUND: In recent decade, Hyperlipidemia related disorders like obesity, hypercholesterolemia and diabetes are considered as the leading killers for mankind. Fundamental nexus between nutrition and health diverting the consumers focus towards plant based natural products as a remedy against various metabolic syndrome. Considering this, present study was conducted to explicate the role of black tea polyphenols such as Theaflavins and thearubigins therapeutic potential to tackle targeted maladies especially oxidative stress related disorders like hypercholesterolemia and diabetes. METHODS: The mandate of current investigation was to explore the hypoglycemic and hypocholestrolemic perspective of isolated theaflavin and thearubigins through a model feeding trial. For the purpose, theaflavin & thearubigins were isolated from black tea through solvent partition method and utilize to form three types of nutraceutical drinks (theaflavin, thearubigins & theaflavin + thearubigins based) alongside control to be further utilized in bioefficacy trial. In bioefficacy trial, three types of independent studies were design on the bases of diet by involving 20 male wistar rats in each study (5 for each group). In study I, normal diet was administrated while, in study II & III high cholesterol and high sucrose diet was given, respectively along with prepared nutraceutical drinks to synchronize their therapeutic effect for a period of 56 days. At the termination of trial, Feed & drink intakes, body weight, total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides, glucose and insulin levels were measured. RESULTS: The results indicated reduction in cholesterol, LDL and triglycerides levels of experimental rats in all studies with significant increase in HDL. In this context, theaflavin based drink imparted maximum reduction in cholesterol (3.75, 11.03 & 10.39%), LDL (3.84, 14.25& 10.84%) & triglycerides (2.99, 8.54 & 6.65%) in respective studies compared to thearubigins and theaflavin + thearubigins based drinks. However, theaflavin+ thearubigins based drink caused highest glucose decline and maximum insulin increase in all studies as compared to other nutraceutical drinks. The reported value for the insulin increase were 13.02 ± 1.02 & 14.55 ± 1.13, 10.09 ± 0.15 & 11.59 ± 0.86 for Hyperglycemic and Hypocholestrolemic rats respectively compared to control (7.84 ± 0.45 & 9.10 ± 0.41) for study I and II. CONCLUSIONS: In the nutshell, theaflavin and thearubigins based dietary interventions are helpful to alleviate the hypercholestrolemia and hyperglycemia and should be promoted as parallel therapy to combat these disorders. FAU - Imran, Ali
Dietary cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside-rich purple corn color prevents obesity and ameliorates hyperglycemia in mice.; Anthocyanins, which are used as a food coloring, are widely distributed in human diets, suggesting that we ingest large amounts of anthocyanins from plant-based foods. Mice were fed control, cyanidin 3-glucoside-rich purple corn color (PCC), high fat (HF) or HF + PCC diet for 12 wk. Dietary PCC significantly suppressed the HF diet-induced increase in body weight gain, and white and brown adipose tissue weights. Feeding the HF diet markedly induced hypertrophy of the adipocytes in the epididymal white adipose tissue compared with the control group. In contrast, the induction did not occur in the HF + PCC group. The HF diet induced hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and hyperleptinemia. These perturbations were completely normalized in rats fed HF + PCC. An increase in the tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha mRNA level occurred in the HF group and was normalized by dietary PCC. These results suggest that dietary PCC may ameliorate HF diet-induced insulin resistance in mice. PCC suppressed the mRNA levels of enzymes involved in fatty acid and triacylglycerol synthesis and lowered the sterol regulatory element binding protein-1 mRNA level in white adipose tissue. These down-regulations may contribute to triacylglycerol accumulation in white adipose tissue. Our findings provide a biochemical and nutritional basis for the use of PCC or anthocyanins as a functional food factor that may have benefits for the prevention of obesity and diabetes. FAU - Tsuda, Takanori
Mediterranean diet after prostate cancer diagnosis and urinary and sexual functioning: The health professionals follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: Men with prostate cancer often experience urinary and sexual dysfunction after treatment. Previous studies have demonstrated a relationship between dietary factors and these symptoms among men with diabetes or metabolic syndrome. However, there are limited data on whether diet after prostate cancer diagnosis, including a Mediterranean dietary pattern, affects urinary and sexual function among prostate cancer survivors. METHODS: Men diagnosed with non-metastatic prostate cancer in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study (n = 2960) from 1986 to 2012 were prospectively followed for a median of 8.3 years after treatment. Participants completed validated dietary questionnaires every 4 years and a health-related quality of life assessment in 2010 or 2012. We used generalized linear models to examine associations between post-diagnosis Mediterranean Diet Score (including individual score components and dietary fat subtypes) and quality of life domains (sexual functioning, urinary irritation/obstruction, urinary incontinence) assessed using the Expanded Prostate Cancer Index Composite Short Form (score 0-100; higher scores indicate better function). RESULTS: No statistically significant relationships were observed between the Mediterranean Diet Score after prostate cancer diagnosis and urinary or sexual function. However, the associations did vary depending on pre-diagnosis urinary and sexual dysfunction for urinary irritation/obstruction and sexual function scores, respectively (P-interactions < 0.0001). Men with higher post-diagnosis vegetable intake reported higher urinary incontinence scores (72 vs 76 comparing lowest to highest quintile; P-trend = 0.003). Similarly, higher vegetable intake and lower polyunsaturated fat intake were associated with higher urinary irritation/obstruction scores (vegetable: 80 vs 84 comparing lowest to highest quintile, P-trend = 0.01; polyunsaturated fat: 84 vs 78 comparing lowest to highest quintile, P-trend = 0.005), however these associations were observed only among men with urinary symptoms prior to their prostate cancer diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Among men with prostate cancer, diet intake after diagnosis was not significantly associated with urinary or sexual function, although some relationships appeared to differ among men with and without symptoms prior to their prostate cancer diagnosis. Higher vegetable intake and lower polyunsaturated fat intake after prostate cancer diagnosis may be associated with better urinary function. However, this analysis was exploratory, and further research is needed to better delineate these relationships and guide dietary recommendations for men with prostate cancer.
[Current evidence on health benefits of the mediterranean diet].; The Mediterranean diet is currently considered a functional diet with an increasing amount of scientific evidence that supports its beneficial effects in human health. Several observational cross-sectional and prospective cohort studies show an association between this diet and a lower prevalence and incidence of chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases as well as a reduced overall mortality. Additionally, clinical interventional studies, particularly the PREDIMED (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea) initiative, have shown, with high quality scientific evidence, that a Mediterranean diet -supplemented either with olive oil or nuts- can lower by 30% the incidence of cardiovascular disease, reverse the metabolic syndrome, and prevent the development of diabetes and aging-related cognitive decline. Chile has one of the five Mediterranean ecosystems in the world, and therefore the implementation of this food pattern and lifestyle in our country may determine large benefits to the health status and quality of life in the Chilean population. FAU - Dussaillant, Catalina
Improving the quality of foods available in a rural kibbutz cafeteria in Israel to align with a freshly prepared Mediterranean-style diet through a community culinary coaching programme.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of a community culinary coaching programme (CCCP) on cafeteria food alignment with a freshly prepared Mediterranean-style diet, and diners' consumption habits and satisfaction. DESIGN: A non-randomized, controlled, community-based participatory research programme. CCCP included eight 90 min coaching sessions with a community steering committee, 22 h of kitchen staff training, 12 h of pre-school staff training and 30 h of education for diners; control communities received no intervention. Outcomes, measured before and 12 months after programme initiation, included cafeteria food alignment with a freshly prepared Mediterranean-style diet through a food items list derived from the cafeteria food purchasing software, and adult diners' consumption habits and satisfaction through questionnaires. SETTING: Communal cafeterias of rural kibbutzim. PARTICIPANTS: Intervention: kibbutz with 493 adults and 214 children. Control: Two kibbutzim with a total of 487 adults and 206 children. RESULTS: Intervention cafeteria food improved significantly in all Mediterranean index categories except nuts (legumes, wholegrain products, fish, MUFA/SFA P < 0·0001; fruits, vegetables P < 0·001; processed meats P = 0·004), and in the proportion of ultra-processed and unprocessed or minimally processed foods categories of the NOVA classification (-22 %, P < 0·001 and +7 %, P < 0·001, respectively), compared with the control community. The intervention group's satisfaction was significantly improved in twenty-five (83 %) out of the thirty satisfaction items, compared with twelve (40 %) in the control group. No changes were identified in diners' consumption habits in either intervention or control communities. CONCLUSIONS: CCCP might be useful in improving alignment of cafeteria food with a freshly prepared Mediterranean-style diet. FAU - Polak, Rani
Mediterranean Diet Supplemented With Coenzyme Q10 Modulates the Postprandial Metabolism of Advanced Glycation End Products in Elderly Men and Women.; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and oxidative stress are elevated with aging and dysmetabolic conditions. Because a Mediterranean (Med) diet reduces oxidative stress, serum AGEs levels, and gene expression related to AGEs metabolism in healthy elderly people, we studied whether supplementation with coenzyme Q10 (CoQ) was of further benefit. Twenty participants aged ≥ 65 (10 men and 10 women) were randomly assigned to each of three isocaloric diets for successive periods of 4 weeks in a crossover design: Med diet, Med + CoQ, and a Western high-saturated-fat diet (SFA diet). After a 12-hour fast, volunteers consumed a breakfast with a fat composition similar to the previous diet period. Analyses included dietary AGEs consumed, serum AGEs and AGE receptor-1 (AGER1), receptor for AGEs (RAGE), glyoxalase I (GloxI), and estrogen receptor α (ERα) mRNA levels. Med diet modulated redox-state parameters, reducing AGEs levels and increasing AGER1 and GloxI mRNA levels compared with the SFA diet. This benefit was accentuated by adding CoQ, in particular, in the postprandial state. Because elevated oxidative stress/inflammation and AGEs are associated with clinical disease in aging, the enhanced protection of a Med diet supplemented with CoQ should be assessed in a larger clinical trial in which clinical conditions in aging are measured. FAU - Lopez-Moreno, Javier
A historical exploration of Indian diets and a possible link to insulin resistance syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance syndrome, especially with diabetes, is becoming increasingly prevalent in India. The increasing consumption of low-fibre and refined carbohydrates is thought to be related to the increased risk of insulin resistance syndrome. AIM: The aim was to study the history of eating behaviours in India; the patterns (macronutrients, frequency, and quantity) of food consumption amongst ancient, medieval and modern Indians; and the evolution of a primarily low-fibre and refined-carbohydrate diet. METHODS: The ancient dietary laws of India, historical documents, and ancient and medieval literature and poetry, spanning more than 2000 years, were studied. These data were compared with modern diets among people of different geographical regions, religions and social strata using the National Nutritional Database of the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) for analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The data presented shows a gradual shift over the centuries from the Pastoral Age diet of large quantities of high-fibre carbohydrates, small amounts of digestible carbohydrates, moderate fats, moderate proteins, to an increasing and frequent intake of high-fibre carbohydrates associated with significant drop in protein and fat consumption between 1775 and 1947. From 1947 onwards there has been an increase in the frequency of intake and quantities of low-fibre and refined carbohydrates, and fats with protein intake improving only marginally.
Metabolic syndrome among elderly care-home residents in southern India: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: The health of the elderly population and the emergence of noncommunicable diseases have become major public health issues in recent years. Metabolic syndrome is thought to be the main driving force for the global epidemic of cardiovascular diseases, as well as for type 2 diabetes. This cross-sectional study aimed to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its correlates among the residents of care homes for the elderly in Hyderabad city, India. METHODS: A total 114 elderly persons (aged ≥60 years) were evaluated in a cross-sectional study. Metabolic syndrome was defined by the 2005 criteria of the International Diabetes Federation. Data were collected on selected sociodemographic, behavioural and nutritional variables and cardiometabolic risk factors. Blood pressure and anthropometric measurements were also recorded. Fasting blood samples were collected for measurement of blood glucose and serum lipid levels. Univariable logistic regression was applied to investigate the associations between metabolic syndrome and known risk factors; adjusted analysis was then done by multivariable logistic regression for significant variables. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of metabolic syndrome was 42.1% (48/114) among the study population. A higher prevalence (50.9%; 27/53) was found among women. High blood pressure or taking antihypertensive medication was found to be the most common (95.8%; 46/48) cardiometabolic component. The risk of metabolic syndrome did not differ significantly by age group, sex, caste, religion, type of diet (vegetarian or non-vegetarian), educational status, behavioural factors such as tobacco use and alcohol intake, physical activity (assessed by modified Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group [ECOG] scale), or physical exercise. However, a body mass index ≥23 kg/m2 was associated with metabolic syndrome (unadjusted odds ratio [OR]: 8.97; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 3.78-21.28); adjusted OR: 9.31; 95% CI: 4.12-22.14) Conclusion: The overall prevalence of metabolic syndrome in this study population of elderly care-home residents in India was more than 40%. Further research on the burden of metabolic syndrome in the elderly population is warranted. FAU - Sinha, Nirmalya
Nut consumption is inversely associated with both cancer and total mortality in a Mediterranean population: prospective results from the Moli-sani study.; Nut intake has been associated with reduced inflammatory status and lower risk of CVD and mortality. The aim of this study was to examine the relationship between nut consumption and mortality and the role of inflammation. We conducted a population-based prospective investigation on 19 386 subjects enrolled in the Moli-sani study. Food intake was recorded by the Italian version of the European Project Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition FFQ. C-reactive protein, leucocyte and platelet counts and the neutrophil:lymphocyte ratio were used as biomarkers of low-grade inflammation. Hazard ratios (HR) were calculated using multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. During a median follow-up of 4·3 years, 334 all-cause deaths occurred. As compared with subjects who never ate nuts, rare intake (≤2 times/month) was inversely associated with mortality (multivariable HR=0·68; 95 % CI 0·54, 0·87). At intake ≥8 times/month, a greater protection was observed (HR=0·53; 0·32, 0·90). Nut intake (v. no intake) conveyed a higher protection to individuals poorly adhering to the Mediterranean diet (MD). A significant reduction in cancer deaths (HR=0·64; 95 % CI 0·44, 0·94) was also observed, whereas the impact on CVD deaths was limited to an inverse, but not significant, trend. Biomarkers of low-grade inflammation were reduced in nut consumers but did not account for the association with mortality. In conclusion, nut intake was associated with reduced cancer and total mortality. The protection was stronger in individuals with lower adherence to MD, whereas it was similar in high-risk groups (diabetics, obese, smokers or those with the metabolic syndrome), as compared with low-risk subjects. Inflammation did not explain the observed relationship. FAU - Bonaccio, Marialaura
Proposal of a Mediterranean Diet Serving Score.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Numerous studies have demonstrated a relationship between Mediterranean Diet (MD) adherence and the prevention of cardiovascular diseases, cancer, and diabetes, etc. The study aim was to validate a novel instrument to measure MD adherence based on the consumption of food servings and food groups, and apply it in a female population from southern Spain and determining influential factors. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study included 1,155 women aged 12-83 yrs, classified as adolescents, adults, and over-60-yr-olds. All completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). The Mediterranean Dietary Serving Score (MDSS) is based on the latest update of the Mediterranean Diet Pyramid, using the recommended consumption frequency of foods and food groups; the MDSS ranges from 0 to 24. The discriminative power or correct subject classification capacity of the MDSS was analyzed with the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve, using the MDS as reference method. Predictive factors for higher MDSS adherence were determined with a logistic regression model, adjusting for age. According to ROC curve analysis, MDSS evidenced a significant discriminative capacity between adherents and non-adherents to the MD pattern (optimal cutoff point=13.50; sensitivity=74%; specificity=48%). The mean MDSS was 12.45 (2.69) and was significantly higher with older age (p<0.001). Logistic regression analysis showed highest MD adherence by over 60-year-olds with low BMI and no habit of eating between meals. CONCLUSIONS: The MDSS is an updated, easy, valid, and accurate instrument to assess MD adherence based on the consumption of foods and food groups per meal, day, and week. It may be useful in future nutritional education programs to prevent the early onset of chronic non-transmittable diseases in younger populations. FAU - Monteagudo, Celia
The Effect of the Mediterranean Diet on Serum Total Antioxidant Capacity in Obese Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to evaluate the combined effect of physical activity and 1 and 12 months' adherence to Mediterranean diet (MD) on serum total antioxidant capacity (TAC) in obese patients, as well as factors contributing to TAC. METHODS: One hundred twenty-four patients were randomly assigned to either MD combined with physical activity or standard hypolypemic diet (SHD) with physical activity. Both groups received counseling and education during the initial week and were invited for the follow-up visits, where data on body weight and blood samples were collected. TAC was determined by Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity and urate was determined using a uricase spectrophotometric method at the initial visit and after 1 and 12 months. RESULTS: Eighty-four patients finished the 12-month program and were analyzed. The baseline and 1- and 12-month mean (±SD) TAC values in the MD group (n = 40) were 2.38 ± 0.48, 2.51 ± 0.47, and 2.47 ± 0.45 mmol Trolox equivalent (TE)/L, respectively. In the SHD group (n = 44), TAC values were 2.37 ± 0.49, 2.48 ± 0.49, and 2.31 ± 0.51 mmol TE/L, respectively. There was a statistically significant main effect for time (p < 0.001), as well as statistically significant time-diet interaction effect (p = 0.009). There was no statistically significant correlation between TAC and uric acid after 1 month (p = 0.733) or 12 months (p = 0.844) of the intervention. Based on the regression model, which included gender, diet, physical activity level, and percentage body weight change, the type of diet was the only significantly contributing factor to TAC change after the 12-month period, F = 3.867, df = 3, p = 0.012, R = 0.358, R(2) = 0.128. CONCLUSION: This randomized controlled trial with diet and physical activity intervention and TAC as a primary outcome demonstrated initial antioxidant improvement in both MD and SHD groups and a long-term beneficial effect of MD. The results imply that diet composition-olive oil, nuts, and fish in particular-combined with physical activity modify antioxidant capacity. FAU - Ortner Hadžiabdić, Maja
Dietary intervention in acne: Attenuation of increased mTORC1 signaling promoted by Western diet.; The purpose of this paper is to highlight the endocrine signaling of Western diet, a fundamental environmental factor involved in the pathogenesis of epidemic acne. Western nutrition is characterized by high calorie uptake, high glycemic load, high fat and meat intake, as well as increased consumption of insulin- and IGF-1-level elevating dairy proteins. Metabolic signals of Western diet are sensed by the nutrient-sensitive kinase, mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1), which integrates signals of cellular energy, growth factors (insulin, IGF-1) and protein-derived signals, predominantly leucine, provided in high amounts by milk proteins and meat. mTORC1 activates SREBP, the master transcription factor of lipogenesis. Leucine stimulates mTORC1-SREBP signaling and leucine is directly converted by sebocytes into fatty acids and sterols for sebaceous lipid synthesis. Over-activated mTORC1 increases androgen hormone secretion and most likely amplifies androgen-driven mTORC1 signaling of sebaceous follicles. Testosterone directly activates mTORC1. Future research should investigate the effects of isotretinoin on sebocyte mTORC1 activity. It is conceivable that isotretinoin may downregulate mTORC1 in sebocytes by upregulation of nuclear levels of FoxO1. The role of Western diet in acne can only be fully appreciated when all stimulatory inputs for maximal mTORC1 activation, i.e., glucose, insulin, IGF-1 and leucine, are adequately considered. Epidemic acne has to be recognized as an mTORC1-driven disease of civilization like obesity, type 2 diabetes, cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. These new insights into Western diet-mediated mTORC1-hyperactivity provide a rational basis for dietary intervention in acne by attenuating mTORC1 signaling by reducing (1) total energy intake, (2) hyperglycemic carbohydrates, (3) insulinotropic dairy proteins and (4) leucine-rich meat and dairy proteins. The necessary dietary changes are opposed to the evolution of industrialized food and fast food distribution of Westernized countries. An attenuation of mTORC1 signaling is only possible by increasing the consumption of vegetables and fruit, the major components of vegan or Paleolithic diets. The dermatologist bears a tremendous responsibility for his young acne patients who should be advised to modify their dietary habits in order to reduce activating stimuli of mTORC1, not only to improve acne but to prevent the harmful and expensive march to other mTORC1-related chronic diseases later in life. FAU - Melnik, Bodo
Mediterranean diet and mortality risk in metabolically healthy obese and metabolically unhealthy obese phenotypes.; BACKGROUND: The Mediterranean diet has been consistently associated with reduced mortality risk. Few prospective studies have examined whether the benefits from a Mediterranean diet are equally shared by obese individuals with varying metabolic health. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between Mediterranean diet, metabolic phenotypes and mortality risk in a representative obese US population. METHODS: Data from 1739 adults aged 20-88 years were analyzed from participants of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III, 1988-1994 followed up for deaths until 31 December 2011 in a prospective cohort analysis. Mediterranean Diet Scores (MDS) were created to assess the adherence to Mediterranean diet. Participants were classified as metabolically healthy obese (MHO) phenotype (0 or 1 metabolic abnormality) or metabolically unhealthy obese (MUO) phenotype (two or more metabolic abnormalities), based on high glucose, insulin resistance, blood pressure, triglycerides, C-reactive protein and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. RESULTS: The MHO phenotype (n=598) was observed in 34.8% (s.e., 1.7%) of those who were obese (mean body mass index was 33.4 and 34.8 in MHO and MUO phenotypes, respectively). During a median follow-up of 18.5 years, there were 77 (12.9%) and 309 (27.1%) deaths in MHO and MUO individuals, respectively. In MHO individuals, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of all-cause mortality in the highest tertile compared with the first tertile of MDS was 0.44 (95% confidence interval (CI), 0.26-0.75; P for trend <0.001), after adjustment for potential confounders. A five-point (1 s.d.) increment in the adherence to MDS was associated with a 41% reduction in the risk of all-cause mortality (HR, 0.59; 95% CI, 0.37-0.94). Similar findings were obtained when we restricted our analyses to those with or without prevalent diabetes mellitus and hypertension. We did not observe mortality risk reduction in either individuals with MUO phenotype or all obese participants combined. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern appears to reduce mortality in the MHO phenotype, but not among the MUO phenotype in an obese population. FAU - Park, Y-M
Red Raspberries and Their Bioactive Polyphenols: Cardiometabolic and Neuronal Health Links.; Diet is an essential factor that affects the risk of modern-day metabolic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and Alzheimer disease. The potential ability of certain foods and their bioactive compounds to reverse or prevent the progression of the pathogenic processes that underlie these diseases has attracted research attention. Red raspberries (Rubus idaeus L.) are unique berries with a rich history and nutrient and bioactive composition. They possess several essential micronutrients, dietary fibers, and polyphenolic components, especially ellagitannins and anthocyanins, the latter of which give them their distinctive red coloring. In vitro and in vivo studies have revealed various mechanisms through which anthocyanins and ellagitannins (via ellagic acid or their urolithin metabolites) and red raspberry extracts (or the entire fruit) could reduce the risk of or reverse metabolically associated pathophysiologies. To our knowledge, few studies in humans are available for evaluation. We review and summarize the available literature that assesses the health-promoting potential of red raspberries and select components in modulating metabolic disease risk, especially cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and Alzheimer disease-all of which share critical metabolic, oxidative, and inflammatory links. The body of research is growing and supports a potential role for red raspberries in reducing the risk of metabolically based chronic diseases.
Association between the Mediterranean diet and cognitive decline in a biracial population.; BACKGROUND: Results from numerous studies suggest protective effects of the Mediterranean diet for cardiovascular disease, cancer, and mortality. Evidence for an association with a decreased risk of cognitive decline is less consistent and studies are limited by a lack of diversity in their populations. METHODS: We followed 2,326 older adults (38.2% black, 51.3% female, aged 70-79 at baseline) over 8 years in a prospective cohort study in the United States (Health, Aging and Body Composition study). To measure adherence to a Mediterranean diet, we calculated race-specific tertiles of the MedDiet score (range: 0-55) using baseline food frequency questionnaires. Cognitive decline was assessed using repeated Modified Mini Mental State Examination scores over the study. We used linear mixed models to assess the association between MedDiet score and trajectory of cognitive decline. RESULTS: Among blacks, participants with high MedDiet scores had a significantly lower mean rate of decline on the Modified Mini Mental State Examination score compared with participants with lower MedDiet scores (middle and bottom tertiles). The mean difference in points per year was 0.22 (95% confidence interval: 0.05-0.39; p = .01) after adjustment for age, sex, education, body mass index, current smoking, physical activity, depression, diabetes, total energy intake, and socioeconomic status. No association between MedDiet scores and change in Modified Mini Mental State Examination score was seen among white participants (p = .14). CONCLUSIONS: Stronger adherence to the Mediterranean diet may reduce the rate of cognitive decline among black, but not white older adults. Further studies in diverse populations are needed to confirm this association and pinpoint mechanisms that may explain these results.
Nutritional habits in the Mediterranean Basin. The macronutrient composition of diet and its relation with the traditional Mediterranean diet. Multi-centre study of the Mediterranean Group for the Study of Diabetes (MGSD).; OBJECTIVE: To compare the nutritional habits among six Mediterranean countries and also with the various official recommendations and the 'Mediterranean diet' as originally described. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTINGS: Three centres in Greece, two in Italy and one in Algeria, Bulgaria, Egypt and Yugoslavia. SUBJECTS: Randomly selected non-diabetic subjects from the general population, of age 35-60, not on diet for at least 3 months before the study. INTERVENTIONS: A dietary questionnaire validated against the 3-Day Diet Diary was used. Demographic data were collected and anthropometrical measurements done. RESULTS: All results were age adjusted. Energy intake varied in men, from 1825 kcal/day in Italy-Rome to 3322 kcal/day in Bulgaria and in women, from 1561 kcal/day in Italy-Rome to 2550 kcal/day in Algeria. Protein contribution (%) to the energy intake varied little, ranging from 13.4% in Greece to 18.5% in Italy-Rome, while fat ranged from 25.3% in Egypt to 40.2% in Bulgaria and carbohydrates from 41.5% in Bulgaria to 58.6% in Egypt. Fibre intake, g/1000 kcal, ranged from 6.8 in Bulgaria to 13.3 in Egypt and the ratio of plant to animal fat from 1.2 in Bulgaria to 2.8 in Greece. The proportion of subjects following the WHO and the Diabetes and Nutrition Study Group (DNSG) of the EASD recommendations for carbohydrates, fat and protein ranged from 4.2% in Bulgaria to 75.7% in Egypt. Comparison with the Mediterranean diet, as defined in the seven Country Study, showed significant differences especially for fruit, 123-377 vs 464 g/day of the Mediterranean diet, meat, 72-193 vs 35 g/day, cheese, 15-79 vs 13 g/day, bread, 126-367 vs 380 g/day. CONCLUSIONS: (a) Dietary habits of the 'normal' population vary greatly among the Mediterranean countries studied. (b) Egypt is closest to the DNSG recommendations. (c) Significant differences from the originally described Mediterranean diet are documented in most Mediterranean countries, showing a Westernization of the dietary habits. FAU - Karamanos, B
Vitamin D intake: a global perspective of current status.; Global high prevalence of vitamin D insufficiency and re-emergence of rickets and the growing scientific evidence linking low circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D to increased risk of osteoporosis, diabetes, cancer, and autoimmune disorders have stimulated recommendations to increase sunlight (UVB) exposure as a source of vitamin D. However, concern over increased risk of melanoma with unprotected UVB exposure has led to the alternative recommendation that sufficient vitamin D should be supplied through dietary sources alone. Here, we examine the adequacy of vitamin D intake worldwide and evaluate the ability of current fortification policies and supplement use practices among various countries to meet this recommendation. It is evident from our review that vitamin D intake is often too low to sustain healthy circulating levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in countries without mandatory staple food fortification, such as with milk and margarine. Even in countries that do fortify, vitamin D intakes are low in some groups due to their unique dietary patterns, such as low milk consumption, vegetarian diet, limited use of dietary supplements, or loss of traditional high fish intakes. Our global review indicates that dietary supplement use may contribute 6-47% of the average vitamin D intake in some countries. Recent studies demonstrate safety and efficacy of community-based vitamin D supplementation trials and food staple fortification introduced in countries without fortification policies. Reliance on the world food supply as an alternative to UVB exposure will necessitate greater availability of fortified food staples, dietary supplement use, and/or change in dietary patterns to consume more fish. FAU - Calvo, Mona S
Alimentary regimen in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: Mediterranean diet.; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease worldwide. The mechanisms of the underlying disease development and progression are awaiting clarification. Insulin resistance and obesity-related inflammation status, among other possible genetic, dietary, and lifestyle factors, are thought to play the key role. There is no consensus concerning the pharmacological treatment. However, the dietary nutritional management to achieve weight loss is an essential component of any treatment strategy. On the basis of its components, the literature reports on the effectiveness of the Mediterranean diet in reducing cardiovascular risk and in preventing major chronic diseases, including obesity and diabetes. New evidence supports the idea that the Mediterranean diet, associated with physical activity and cognitive behaviour therapy, may have an important role in the prevention and the treatment of NAFLD. FAU - Abenavoli, Ludovico
Potential benefits of renal diets on cardiovascular risk factors in chronic kidney disease patients.; Dietary manipulation, including protein, phosphorus, and sodium restriction, when coupled with the vegetarian nature of the renal diet and ketoacid supplementation can potentially exert a cardiovascular protective effect in chronic renal failure patients by acting on both traditional and nontraditional cardiovascular risk factors. Blood pressure control may be favored by the reduction of sodium intake and by the vegetarian nature of the diet, which is very important also for lowering serum cholesterol and improving plasma lipid profile. The low protein and phosphorus intake has a crucial role for reducing proteinuria and preventing and reversing hyperphosphatemia and secondary hyperparathyroidism, which are major causes of the vascular calcifications, cardiac damage, and mortality risk of uremic patients. The reduction of nitrogenous waste products and lowering of serum PTH levels may also help ameliorate insulin sensitivity and metabolic control in diabetic patients, as well as increase the responsiveness to erythropoietin therapy, thus allowing greater control of anemia. Protein-restricted diets may have also anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. Thus, putting aside the still debatable effects on the progression of renal disease and the more admitted effects on uremic signs and symptoms, it is possible that a proper nutritional treatment early in the course of renal disease may be useful also to reduce the cardiovascular risk in the renal patient. However, conclusive data cannot yet be drawn because quality studies are lacking in this field; future studies should be planned to assess the effect of renal diets on hard outcomes, as cardiovascular events or mortality. FAU - Cupisti, Adamasco
Factors associated with colorectal cancer in the context of the Mediterranean diet: a case-control study.; Recent evidence demonstrates that increased adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) may prevent colorectal cancer (CRC). The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between health-related characteristics and CRC in the context of the MD. This was a case-control study conducted on a sample of 338 consecutive patients with a first diagnosis of CRC recruited in an urban facility in the city of Catania, southern Italy, and matched with 676 apparently healthy subjects without clinical symptoms or signs of any type of cancer. Data regarding sociodemographic, clinical, and lifestyle characteristics were collected, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet pattern was assessed using the MedDietScore. A significant association between a greater adherence to the MD and lower odds of having cancer (odds ratio = 0.46, 95% confidence interval: 0.28-0.75) was found. Also, smoking status, family history of CRC, obesity, diabetes, physical activity, and high intake of alcohol were significantly associated with CRC, but only among subjects less adherent to the MD. MD was associated with a less detrimental effects of several health-related characteristics associated with CRC, suggesting potential benefits of adherence to this dietary pattern with regards to CRC risk factors. FAU - Grosso, Giuseppe
Obesity and liver cancer.; Obesity prevalence is rapidly increasing worldwide. It is associated with huge economic and health costs due to its clinical consequences, which includes increased incidence of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and development of different malignancies. In particular, obesity is an independent risk factor for the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Indeed, obesity is highly prevalent in patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) that is becoming one of the most frequent causes of liver disease worldwide. NAFLD-related HCC is the most rapidly growing indication for liver transplantation in many countries. The higher mortality rates found in obese HCC patients might be related not only to a worse outcome after HCC treatments, but also to a delayed diagnosis related to a low frequency and a poorer quality of abdominal ultrasonography surveillance that is the test universally used for HCC screening. Given its diffusion, obesity is frequently present in patients with chronic liver diseases related to different etiologies, and in these cases it may increase the HCC risk, acting as an additional co-factor. Indeed, growing evidence demonstrates that a healthy diet and regular physical activity may have an impact in reducing the overall HCC risk. Finally, an impact of obesity in the development of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma has been postulated, but more extensive studies are needed to definitively confirm this association.
Health benefits of Mediterranean diet in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.; Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common liver disease worldwide. Insulin resistance and obesity-related inflammatory status, associated with genetic, dietary, and lifestyle factors, are involved in its pathogenesis. There is no consensus concerning the pharmacological treatment of NAFLD. However, the international guidelines agree to define a dietetic nutritional management to achieve weight loss, as an essential component of any therapeutic strategy. Areas covered: An overview on the beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet in the prevention and treatment of NAFLD. Expert commentary: On the basis of its components, the literature reports the beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet in preventing major chronic diseases, including obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and some forms of cancers. In recent years, a growing body of evidence has supported the idea that the Mediterranean diet, associated with physical activity and cognitive behavior therapy, may be the reference nutritional profile for the prevention and the treatment of NAFLD patients. FAU - Abenavoli, Ludovico
Effect of Mediterranean and Occidental diets, and red wine, on plasma fatty acids in humans. An intervention study.; The type of diet consumed by individuals has been associated with the development of some chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), cancer, diabetes, and others. Populations that consume diets rich in fruits and vegetables and drink wine in moderation, as the Mediterranean, have a higher life expectancy and less chronic diseases than other occidental populations. We carried out an intervention study in humans to evaluate the effect of a Mediterranean diet (MD), an Occidental diet (OD) and their supplementation with red wine, on biochemical, physiological and clinical parameters related to atherosclerosis and other chronic diseases. For 3 months, two groups of 21 male volunteers each, received either a MD or an OD; during the second month, red wine was added isocalorically, 240 ml/day. At days 0, 30, 60 and 90, clinical, physiological and biochemical evaluations were made. In this article we report on the results obtained in plasma fatty acids profile that includes saturated fatty acids (SFA), monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), omega-6 fatty acids, omega-3 fatty acids and omega-6/omega-3 ratio. Other results have been published previously. Plasma fatty acid percentages in the OD group, compared to the MD group, did not show differences in SFA, but the OD group showed lower levels of MUFA and omega-3 fatty acids, and higher levels of PUFA and omega-6 fatty acids, with a higher omega-6/omega-3 ratio than the MD group. Wine supplementation reduced MUFA and increased PUFA in both dietary groups, suggesting that wine could improve a diet with a good omega-6/omega-3 ratio. Volunteers on MD showed a better fatty acid profile than those on OD, suggesting a lower cardiovascular risk. Moderate consumption of wine improves this profile in the MD group. FAU - Urquiaga, Inés
Low glycemic index diet, exercise and vitamin D to reduce breast cancer recurrence (DEDiCa): design of a clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Mechanisms influencing breast cancer (BC) development and recurrence include hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, high insulin-like growth factor-1, high circulating estrogen, inflammation and impaired cellular differentiation/apoptosis. A lifestyle program that targets all the above mechanisms may be warranted. Low glycemic index (GI) foods produce lower post-prandial glucose and insulin responses and have been associated with lower BC risk. Moderate physical activity post-diagnosis reduces BC recurrence and mortality, partly explained by reduced insulin and estrogen levels. Vitamin D increases cell differentiation/apoptosis and high serum vitamin D levels improve BC survival. Yet no trial has evaluated the combined effect of a low GI diet, moderate physical activity and vitamin D supplementation on BC recurrence in the context of a Mediterranean lifestyle setting. METHODS: Women (30-74 yr) who had undergone surgery for primary histologically confirmed BC (stages I-III) within the previous 12 months, in cancer centres in Italy, will be randomized to follow, for a maximum of 33 months, either a high intensity treatment (HIT) composed of low GI diet + exercise + vitamin D (60 ng/mL serum concentration) or a lower intensity treatment (LITE) with general advice to follow a healthy diet and exercise pattern + vitamin D to avoid insufficiency. Both interventions are on a background of a Mediterranean diet. Considering a 20% recurrence rate within 3 years for BC cases and a predicted rate of 10% in the HIT group, with power of 80% and two-sided alpha of 0.05, the subject number required will be 506 (n = 253 in each arm). Clinic visits will be scheduled every 3 months. Dietary and exercise counselling and vitamin D supplements will be given at each clinic visit when blood samples, anthropometric measures and 7-day food records will be collected. DISCUSSION: DEDiCa study aims to reduce BC recurrence in women with BC using a lifestyle approach with additional vitamin D and to investigate possible cardio-metabolic benefits as well as epigenetic modifications according to lifestyle changes. Given the supporting evidence and safety of the components of our intervention we believe it is feasible and urgent to test it in cancer patients. TRIAL REGISTRATION: May 11, 2016; NCT02786875 . EUDRACT NUMBER: 2015-005147-14. FAU - Augustin, Livia S A
Plant-based sterols and stanols in health & disease: "Consequences of human development in a plant-based environment?".; Dietary plant sterols and stanols as present in our diet and in functional foods are well-known for their inhibitory effects on intestinal cholesterol absorption, which translates into lower low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. However, emerging evidence suggests that plant sterols and stanols have numerous additional health effects, which are largely unnoticed in the current scientific literature. Therefore, in this review we pose the intriguing question "What would have occurred if plant sterols and stanols had been discovered and embraced by disciplines such as immunology, hepatology, pulmonology or gastroenterology before being positioned as cholesterol-lowering molecules?" What would then have been the main benefits and fields of application of plant sterols and stanols today? We here discuss potential effects ranging from its presence and function intrauterine and in breast milk towards a potential role in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), cardiovascular disease (CVD), inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD) and allergic asthma. Interestingly, effects clearly depend on the route of entrance as observed in intestinal-failure associated liver disease (IFALD) during parenteral nutrition regimens. It is only until recently that effects beyond lowering of cholesterol concentrations are being explored systematically. Thus, there is a clear need to understand the full health effects of plant sterols and stanols.
Helping women to good health: breast cancer, omega-3/omega-6 lipids, and related lifestyle factors.; In addition to genetic predisposition and sex hormone exposure, physical activity and a healthy diet play important roles in breast cancer (BC). Increased intake of omega-3 fatty acids (n-3) associated with decreased omega-6 (n-6), resulting in a higher n-3/n-6 ratio compared with the western diet, are inversely associated with BC risk, as shown by Yang et al. in their meta-analysis in BMC Cancer. High consumption of polyphenols and organic foods increase the n-3/n-6 ratio, and in turn may decrease BC risk. Intake of high fiber foods and foods with low glycemic index decreases insulin resistance and diabetes risk, and in turn may decrease BC risk. The modernized Mediterranean diet is an effective strategy for combining these recommendations, and this dietary pattern reduces overall cancer risk and specifically BC risk. High-risk women should also eliminate environmental endocrine disruptors, including those from foods. Drugs that decrease the n-3/n-6 ratio or that are suspected of increasing BC or diabetes risk should be used with great caution by high-risk women and women wishing to decrease their BC risk.Please see related article: http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-2407/14/105/abstract. FAU - de Lorgeril, Michel
Structured lifestyle intervention in patients with the metabolic syndrome mitigates oxidative stress but fails to improve measures of cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy.; AIMS: To assess the role of oxidative stress in mediating adverse outcomes in metabolic syndrome (MetS) and resultant cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy (CAN), and to evaluate the effects of lifestyle interventions on measures of oxidative stress and CAN in subjects with MetS. METHODS: Pilot study in 25 non-diabetic subjects with MetS (age 49±10years, 76% females) participating in a 24-week lifestyle intervention (supervised aerobic exercise/Mediterranean diet), and 25 age-matched healthy controls. CAN was assessed by cardiovascular reflex tests, heart rate variability (HRV) and PET imaging with sympathetic analog [(11)C] meta-hydroxyephedrine ([(11)C]HED). Specific oxidative fingerprints were measured by liquid-chromatography/mass-spectrometry (LC/MS). RESULTS: At baseline, MetS subjects had significantly higher oxidative stress markers [3-nitrotyrosine (234±158 vs. 54±47μmol/mol tyrosine), ortho-tyrosine (59±38 vs. 18±10μmol/molphenylalanine, all P<0.0001], and impaired HRV at rest and during deep breathing (P=0.039 and P=0.021 respectively) compared to controls. Twenty-four-week lifestyle intervention significantly reduced all oxidative stress markers (all P<0.01) but did not change any of the CAN measures. CONCLUSIONS: Subjects with MetS present with signs of CAN and increased oxidative stress in the absence of diabetes. The 24-week lifestyle intervention was effective in ameliorating oxidative stress, but did not improve measures of CAN. Larger clinical trials with longer duration are required to confirm these findings.
Increased consumption of fruit and vegetables for the primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases.; EDITORIAL NOTE: This Cochrane Review has been superseded by a review entitled Vegan dietary pattern for the primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular diseases (https://www.cochranelibrary.com/cdsr/doi/10.1002/14651858.CD013501.pub2/full) https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/33629376/ BACKGROUND: There is increasing evidence that high consumption of fruit and vegetables is beneficial for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention. OBJECTIVES: The primary objective is to determine the effectiveness of i) advice to increase fruit and vegetable consumption ii) the provision of fruit and vegetables to increase consumption, for the primary prevention of CVD. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the following electronic databases: The Cochrane Library (2012, issue 9-CENTRAL, HTA, DARE, NEED), MEDLINE (1946 to week 3 September 2012); EMBASE (1980 to 2012 week 39) and the Conference Proceedings Citation Index - Science on ISI Web of Science (5 October 2012). We searched trial registers, screened reference lists and contacted authors for additional information where necessary. No language restrictions were applied. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials with at least three months follow-up (follow-up was considered to be the time elapsed since the start of the intervention) involving healthy adults or those at high risk of CVD. Trials investigated either advice to increase fruit and vegetable intake (via any source or modality) or the provision of fruit and vegetables to increase intake. The comparison group was no intervention or minimal intervention. Outcomes of interest were CVD clinical events (mortality (CVD and all-cause), myocardial infarction (MI), coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) or percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA), angiographically-defined angina pectoris, stroke, carotid endarterectomy, peripheral arterial disease (PAD)) and major CVD risk factors (blood pressure, blood lipids, type 2 diabetes). Trials involving multifactorial lifestyle interventions (including different dietary patterns, exercise) or where the focus was weight loss were excluded to avoid confounding. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently selected trials for inclusion, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias. Trials of provision of fruit and vegetables were analysed separately from trials of dietary advice. MAIN RESULTS: We identified 10 trials with a total of 1730 participants randomised, and one ongoing trial. Six trials investigated the provision of fruit and vegetables, and four trials examined advice to increase fruit and vegetable consumption.The ongoing trial is examining the provision of an avocado-rich diet.The number and type of intervention components for provision, and the dietary advice provided differed between trials.None of the trials reported clinical events as they were all relatively short term. There was no strong evidence for effects of individual trials of provision of fruit and vegetables on cardiovascular risk factors, but trials were heterogeneous and short term. Furthermore, five of the six trials only provided one fruit or vegetable. Dietary advice showed some favourable effects on blood pressure (systolic blood pressure (SBP): mean difference (MD) -3.0 mmHg (95% confidence interval (CI) -4.92 to -1.09), diastolic blood pressure (DBP): MD -0.90 mmHg (95% CI -2.03 to 0.24)) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol but analyses were based on only two trials. Three of the 10 included trials examined adverse effects, which included increased bowel movements, bad breath and body odour. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There are very few studies to date examining provision of, or advice to increase the consumption of, fruit and vegetables in the absence of additional dietary interventions or other lifestyle interventions for the primary prevention of CVD. The limited evidence suggests advice to increase fruit and vegetables as a single intervention has favourable effects on CVD risk factors but more trials are needed to confirm this. FAU - Hartley, Louise
Assessing Validity of Self-Reported Dietary Intake within a Mediterranean Diet Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial among US Firefighters. LID - 10.3390/nu11092250 [doi] LID - 2250; Collecting dietary intake data is associated with challenges due to the subjective nature of self-administered instruments. Biomarkers may objectively estimate the consumption of specific dietary items or help assess compliance in dietary intervention studies. Our aim was to use a panel of plasma and urine biomarkers to assess the validity of self-reported dietary intake using a modified Mediterranean Diet Scale (mMDS) among firefighters participating in Feeding America's Bravest (FAB), an MD cluster-randomized controlled trial. In our nested biomarker pilot study, participants were randomly selected from both the MD intervention group (n = 24) and the control group (n = 24) after 12-months of dietary intervention. At baseline data collection for the pilot study (t = 12-months of FAB), participants in the control group crossed-over to receive the MD intervention (active intervention) for 6-months. Participants in the intervention group continued in a self-sustained continuation phase (SSP) of the intervention. Food frequency questionnaires (FFQ), 13-item-mMDS questionnaires, 40 plasma fatty acids, inflammatory biomarkers and urinary hydroxytyrosol and tyrosol were analyzed at both time points. Spearman's correlation, t-tests and linear regression coefficients were calculated using SAS software. Overall, the mMDS derived from the FFQ was highly correlated with the specific 13-domain-mMDS (r = 0.74). The concordance between the two questionnaires for low and high adherence to MD was high for all the participants in the parent trial (κ = 0.76). After 6 months of intervention in the pilot study, plasma saturated fatty acid decreased in both groups (active intervention: -1.3 ± 1.7; p = 0.002; SSP: -1.12 ± 1.90; p = 0.014) and oleic acid improved in the SSP (p = 0.013). Intake of olive oil was positively associated with plasma omega-3 (p = 0.004) and negatively with TNF-α (p < 0.001) at baseline. Choosing olive oil as a type of fat was also associated with higher levels of plasma omega-3 (p = 0.019) at baseline and lower TNF-α (p = 0.023) at follow up. Intake of red and processed meats were associated with lower serum omega-3 (p = 0.04) and fish consumption was associated with lower IL-6 at baseline (p = 0.022). The overall mMDS was associated with an increase in plasma omega-3 (p = 0.021). Good correlation was found between nutrient intake from the FFQ and the corresponding plasma biomarkers (omega-3, EPA and DHA). In this MD randomized controlled trial, some key plasma biomarkers were significantly associated with key MD diet components and the overall mMDS supporting the validity of the mMDS questionnaire as well as compliance with the intervention. FAU - Sotos-Prieto, Mercedes
Obesity, metabolic syndrome and Mediterranean diet: Impact on depression outcome.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity, metabolic syndrome (MetS) and low adherence to Mediterranean diet are frequent in major depression patients and have been separately related with prognosis. The aim of this study is to analyse their predictive power on major depression outcome, at 6 and 12 months. METHODS: 273 Major depressive patients completed the Beck Depression Inventory for depressive symptoms and the 14-item Mediterranean diet adherence score. MetS was diagnosed according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF). RESULTS: At the baseline Mediterranean diet adherence was inversely associated with depressive symptoms (p=0.007). Depression response was more likely in those patients with normal weight (p=0.006) and not MetS (p=0.013) but it was not associated with Mediterranean diet adherence (p=0.625). Those patients with MetS and obesity were less likely to improve symptoms of depression than patients with obesity but not MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity and MetS, but not low adherence to the Mediterranean diet at baseline, predicted a poor outcome of depression at 12 months. Our study suggests that MetS is the key factor that impacts negatively in depression prognosis, rather than obesity or diet. If this finding is confirmed, clinicians should be aware about MetS diagnosis and treatment in overweight depressed patients, especially if outcome is not being satisfactory enough.
Ambient temperature and prevalence of obesity in the Spanish population: The Di@bet.es study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine possible associations between ambient temperature and obesity in the Spanish population using an ecological focus. METHODS: The Di@bet.es study is a national, cross-sectional, population-based survey of cardiometabolic risk factors and their association with lifestyle. SAMPLE: 5,061 subjects in 100 clusters. VARIABLES: Clinical, demographic and lifestyle survey, physical examination, and blood sampling. The mean annual temperature (°C) for each study site was collected from the Spanish National Meteorology Agency (1971-2000). RESULTS: The prevalence rates of obesity in the different geographical areas divided according to mean annual temperature quartiles were 26.9% in quartile 1 (10.4-14.5°C), 30.5% in quartile 2 (14.5-15.5°C), 32% in quartile 3 (15.5-17.8°C), and 33.6% in quartile 4 (17.8-21.3°C) (P = 0.003). Logistic regression analyses including multiple socio-demographic (age, gender, educational level, marital status) and lifestyle (physical activity, Mediterranean diet score, smoking) variables showed that, as compared with quartile 1, the odd ratios for obesity were 1.20 (1.01-1.42), 1.35 (1.12-1.61), and 1.38 (1.14-1.67) in quartiles 2, 3, and 4, respectively (P = 0.001 for difference, P < 0.001 for trend). CONCLUSIONS: Our study reports an association between ambient temperature and obesity in the Spanish population controlled for known confounders.
Dissimilar Impact of a Mediterranean Diet and Physical Activity on Anthropometric Indices: A Cross-Sectional Study from the ILERVAS Project. LID - 10.3390/nu11061359 [doi] LID - 1359; There is a close relationship between lifestyle behaviors and excess adiposity. Although body mass index (BMI) is the most used approach to estimate excess weight, other anthropometric indices have been developed to measure total body and abdominal adiposity. However, little is known about the impact of physical activity and adherence to a Mediterranean diet on these indices. Here we report the results of a cross-sectional study with 6672 middle-aged subjects with low to moderate cardiovascular risk from the Ilerda Vascular (ILERVAS) project. The participants' adherence to physical activity (International Physical Activity Questionnaire short form) and MedDiet (Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener) was evaluated. Measures of total adiposity (BMI, Clínica Universidad de Navarra-Body Adiposity Estimator (CUN-BAE), and Deurenberg's formula), central adiposity (waist and neck circumferences, conicity index, waist to height ratio, Bonora's equation, A body adiposity index, and body roundness index), and lean body mass (Hume formula) were assessed. Irrespective of sex, lower indices of physical activity were associated with higher values of total body fat and central adiposity. This result was constant regardless of the indices used to estimate adiposity. However, the association between MedDiet and obesity indices was much less marked and more dependent on sex than that observed for physical activity. Lean body mass was influenced by neither physical activity nor MedDiet adherence. No joint effect between physical activity and MedDiet to lower estimated total or central adiposity indices was shown. In conclusion, physical activity is related to lower obesity indices in a large cohort of middle-aged subjects. MedDiet showed a slight impact on estimated anthropometric indices, with no joint effect when considering both lifestyle variables. ClinTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03228459. FAU - Sánchez, Marta
Role of dietary pattern analysis in determining cognitive status in elderly Australian adults.; Principal Component Analysis (PCA) was used to determine the association between dietary patterns and cognitive function and to examine how classification systems based on food groups and food items affect levels of association between diet and cognitive function. The present study focuses on the older segment of the Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle Study (AusDiab) sample (age 60+) that completed the food frequency questionnaire at Wave 1 (1999/2000) and the mini-mental state examination and tests of memory, verbal ability and processing speed at Wave 3 (2012). Three methods were used in order to classify these foods before applying PCA. In the first instance, the 101 individual food items asked about in the questionnaire were used (no categorisation). In the second and third instances, foods were combined and reduced to 32 and 20 food groups, respectively, based on nutrient content and culinary usage-a method employed in several other published studies for PCA. Logistic regression analysis and generalized linear modelling was used to analyse the relationship between PCA-derived dietary patterns and cognitive outcome. Broader food group classifications resulted in a greater proportion of food use variance in the sample being explained (use of 101 individual foods explained 23.22% of total food use, while use of 32 and 20 food groups explained 29.74% and 30.74% of total variance in food use in the sample, respectively). Three dietary patterns were found to be associated with decreased odds of cognitive impairment (CI). Dietary patterns derived from 101 individual food items showed that for every one unit increase in ((Fruit and Vegetable Pattern: p=0.030, OR 1.061, confidence interval: 1.006-1.118); (Fish, Legumes and Vegetable Pattern: p=0.040, OR 1.032, confidence interval: 1.001-1.064); (Dairy, Cereal and Eggs Pattern: p=0.003, OR 1.020, confidence interval: 1.007-1.033)), the odds of cognitive impairment decreased. Different results were observed when the effect of dietary patterns on memory, processing speed and vocabulary were examined. Complex patterns of associations between dietary factors and cognition were evident, with the most consistent finding being the protective effects of high vegetable and plant-based food item consumption and negative effects of 'Western' patterns on cognition. Further long-term studies and investigation of the best methods for dietary measurement are needed to better understand diet-disease relationships in this age group. FAU - Ashby-Mitchell, Kimberly
The effect of clinical characteristics and dietary habits on the relationship between education status and 5-year incidence of cardiovascular disease: the ATTICA study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this work was to investigate whether clinical characteristics and dietary habits influence the association between education status and 5-year incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS: From 2001 to 2002, 1,514 men and 1,528 women (>18 year) without known CVD were enrolled. In 2006, the 5-year follow-up was performed (31% participants were lost to follow-up). Development of fatal or non-fatal CVD (coronary heart disease, acute coronary syndromes, stroke, or other CVD) was defined according to WHO-ICD-10 criteria. Education status was measured in years of school, while baseline dietary habits were assessed through a semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (EPIC-Greek). The Mediterranean-Diet-Score was applied to assess overall adherence to this pattern using scores of 11 food-variables and alcohol, according to the principles of the Mediterranean-diet. RESULTS: The 5-year incidence of CVD was 108 (11.0%) cases in men and 62 (6.1%) cases in women (P < 0.001); 32 (1.6%) of these events were fatal (21 in men). People in the low education group had significantly higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemias, were more likely to be sedentary and smokers, compared to high group. Moreover, compared to high, people in low education group had less healthy dietary habits, as assessed using the diet score (P < 0.001). Multi-adjusted analysis revealed that low education was positively associated with 5-year incidence of CVD, after adjusting for age and sex (HR = 1.64; 95%CI 1.05-2.55); however this association lost its significance when clinical characteristics and dietary habits were taken into account (HR = 1.31; 95%CI 0.63-2.74). CONCLUSIONS: Low education seems to increase CVD risk, an observation that was partially explained by baseline clinical characteristics and unhealthy dietary choices of people belonging into this group. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
Dietary fibre intake is inversely associated with carotid intima-media thickness: a cross-sectional assessment in the PREDIMED study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between the intake of dietary fibre and carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk. METHODS: Baseline cross-sectional assessment of 457 men and women (average age 67 years) from two different Spanish centres of the PREDIMED trial. A previously validated food frequency questionnaire (137 food items) was administered by trained dieticians in a face-to-face interview. Mean common carotid IMT was measured using B-mode ultrasound imaging of the right and left carotid arteries by four certified sonographers who used a common protocol. Anthropometric and blood pressure measurements were performed and samples of fasting blood were obtained. Participants were categorized into four groups (roughly quartiles: < or =21; >21 to < or =25; >25 to < or =31 and >31 g/day) of energy-adjusted intake of dietary fibre. Multiple linear regression models were used to adjust for age, sex, centre, smoking, body mass index, diabetes, blood pressure, lipid levels and statin use. RESULTS: In the crude analyses, energy-adjusted fibre intake showed a significant inverse correlation with IMT (r=-0.27, P<0.001). In multivariate analyses, a modest, though statistically significant (P=0.03) inverse association between energy-adjusted fibre intake and IMT was also found. The multivariate-adjusted difference in average IMT was -0.051 mm (95% confidence interval: -0.094 to-0.009, P=0.02) for participants whose intake was >35 g/day, (n=47) when compared with those whose intake was <25 g/day (n=224). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that high fibre intake is inversely associated with carotid atherosclerosis. FAU - Buil-Cosiales, P
Mediterranean diet is associated on symptoms of depression and anxiety in patients with bronchiectasis.; BACKGROUND: The aim was to measure symptoms of depression and anxiety in patients with bronchiectasis and evaluate their relationship with a Mediterranean diet. METHODS: This cross-sectional study recruited patients with bronchiectasis at four Spanish centers. Patients completed the hospital anxiety and depression scale (HADS) and the Mediterranean diet questionnaire (PREDIMED). Demographic, health and outcome data were recorded from medical charts. Logistic regression was used to determine the predictors of elevated symptoms of depression and anxiety (HADS≥11). RESULTS: Of the 205 participants recruited, 37 (18.0%) had elevated anxiety-related scores and 26 (12.7%) had elevated depression-related scores (HADS≥11). Increased symptoms of depression were significantly associated with being unemployed, a lower education, older age, comorbidity, major dyspnea, worse quality of life (QOL) and a lower PREDIMED score. Increased symptoms of anxiety were significantly associated with more exacerbations, worse QOL and a lower PREDIMED score. Regression analyses indicated that, after adjustment, QOL and the PREDIMED score predicted elevated symptoms of depression and QOL predicted elevated symptoms of anxiety. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of elevated symptoms of depression and anxiety is high in patients with bronchiectasis and greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet is associated with a lower likelihood of having these symptoms, particularly for depression.
Effects of Orthodox religious fasting on human health: a systematic review.; PURPOSE: Different studies have pointed towards a positive effect of religious fasting on human health. Orthodox fasting (OF) regime could be characterized as a periodical vegetarian diet, demonstrating several common characteristics with the typical Mediterranean diet. The present systematic review aimed to synthesize available results regarding the potential impact of OF on human health. METHODS: Key biomedical databases were searched to identify studies examining the effects of OF on humans. Following implementation of specific criteria, ten studies were included in the analysis and their results were systematically reported and critically appraised in this review. RESULTS: According to the available limited results, OF periods are characterized by a restriction in total energy and fat intake, an increase in carbohydrate and fiber consumption, while in terms of protein intake, results are contradictive. The overall effect of OF on lipids profile seems to be optimal, with the reduction of total cholesterol and LDL-C levels, being a consistent finding across studies (up to 17.8 and 31.4%, respectively). However, the effect on HDL-C is still unclear. Conclusions regarding the impact on body weight and glucose homeostasis cannot be drawn, given that relevant data are limited with conflicting results. Any potential negative aspects of OF, mainly attributed to reduced dietary intake of vitamin D and B12 and minerals (mainly calcium), require further investigation. CONCLUSIONS: Given the limitations of available evidence, more studies are required before reaching definite conclusions about the effects of OF on human health. FAU - Koufakis, Theocharis
Better diet quality scores are associated with a lower risk of hypertension and non-fatal CVD in middle-aged Australian women over 15 years of follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: To explore if better diet quality scores as a measure of adherence to the Australian Dietary Guidelines (ADG) and the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) are associated with a lower incidence of hypertension and non-fatal CVD. DESIGN: Prospective analysis of the 1946-1951 cohort of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH). The Australian Recommended Foods Score (ARFS) was calculated as an indicator of adherence to the ADG; the Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) measured adherence to the MedDiet. Outcomes included hypertension and non-fatal CVD. Generalised estimating equations estimated OR and 95 % CI across quartiles of diet quality scores. SETTING: Australia, 2001-2016. PARTICIPANTS: 1946-1951 cohort of the ALSWH (n 5324), without CVD, hypertension and diabetes at baseline (2001), with complete FFQ data. RESULTS: There were 1342 new cases of hypertension and 629 new cases of non-fatal CVD over 15 years of follow-up. Multivariate analysis indicated that women reporting better adherence to the ARFS (≥38/74) had 15 % (95 % CI 1, 28 %; P = 0·05) lower odds of hypertension and 46 % (95 % CI 6, 66 %; P = 0·1) lower odds of non-fatal CVD. Women reporting better adherence to the MDS (≥8/17) had 27 % (95 % CI 15, 47 %; P = 0·0006) lower odds of hypertension and 30 % (95 % CI 2, 50 %; P = 0·03) lower odds of non-fatal CVD. CONCLUSIONS: Better adherence to diet quality scores is associated with lower risk of hypertension and non-fatal CVD. These results support the need for updated evidenced based on the ADG as well as public health nutrition policies in Australia. FAU - Jackson, Jacklyn K
The DA Vinci Diet.; Ample evidence implicating diet as the root cause of diseases exists in the scientific arena. It is always intruiging to know the diet pattern of our ancestors. Leonardo da Vinci was a 'universal genius' with universal appeal. This article describes the basic principles of the diet that he followed. "Dining discipline" and moderation in eating should be coupled with the aim of savouring smell, taste, and texture of food. Fresh, fibre rich, vegetarian food forms the bulk of the da Vinci diet. Saturated fat, salt and sugar use is minimal, but water and water-rich food intake is encouraged. FAU - Parmar, Girish
Diet-quality scores and the risk of symptomatic gallstone disease: a prospective cohort study of male US health professionals.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between three diet-quality scores corresponding to adherence to healthy dietary patterns [alternate Mediterranean (aMed), Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI-2010), Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH)] and the risk of symptomatic gallstone disease. METHODS: The study comprised 43 635 men of the Health Professionals Follow-up Study-an ongoing prospective cohort study of US health professionals. Participants were free of symptomatic gallstone disease and diabetes and provided dietary information every 4 years from 1986 (baseline) until 2012. The aMed, AHEI-2010 and DASH scores were generated and associated with the risk of symptomatic gallstone disease using Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: During 716 904 person-years of follow-up, 2382 incident cases of symptomatic gallstone disease were identified. All three scores were inversely associated with risk of symptomatic gallstone disease after adjustment for potential confounders including age, smoking, physical activity, energy and coffee intake [hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs)] comparing the highest with the lowest quintiles: aMed: 0.66 (0.57-0.77), AHEI-2010: 0.64 (0.56-0.74) and DASH: 0.66 (0.58-0.76)]. Findings were similar after additional adjustment for body mass index and after inclusion of asymptomatic cases. Associations were stronger when analysis was restricted to cases who had undergone cholecystectomy. CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective cohort of male US health professionals, higher adherence to the aMed, AHEI-2010 and DASH diets was associated with lower risk of symptomatic gallstone disease. Dietary recommendations focusing on high-quality diets targeting symptomatic gallstone disease may lower the incidence of this prevalent disease. FAU - Wirth, Janine
Do statins increase and Mediterranean diet decrease the risk of breast cancer?; BACKGROUND: Physical exercise and healthy dietary habits are recommended to prevent breast cancer. DISCUSSION: Increased intake of omega-3 fatty acids associated with decreased omega-6 - resulting in higher omega-3 to omega-6 ratio compared with Western-type diet - is inversely associated with breast cancer risk. The modernized Mediterranean diet with high omega-3 to omega-6 ratio, high fiber and polyphenol intake, and consumption of low-glycemic index foods reduces overall cancer risk and specifically breast cancer risk. It has been suggested that consuming no more than one alcoholic drink per day, preferably wine, is preferable. Eliminating environmental contaminants, including endocrine disruptors, and favoring organic foods to increase polyphenol intake and the omega-3 to omega-6 ratios were also shown to be beneficial. Cholesterol-lowering statins may decrease antitumor defenses; are toxic for the mitochondria; decrease the omega-3 to omega-6 ratio; increase body mass index, insulin resistance and diabetic risk; and have been associated with an increased breast cancer risk. SUMMARY: Therefore, as well as making lifestyle changes to decrease breast cancer risk, we argue that physicians should carefully consider (and often avoid) therapies that may increase breast cancer or diabetes risk in high-risk women and women who wish to decrease their breast cancer risk. FAU - de Lorgeril, Michel
A Mediterranean Diet Rich in Extra-Virgin Olive Oil Is Associated with a Reduced Prevalence of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Older Individuals at High Cardiovascular Risk.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is thought to reduce liver steatosis. OBJECTIVES: To explore the associations with liver steatosis of 3 different diets: a MedDiet + extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO), MedDiet + nuts, or a control diet. METHODS: This was a subgroup analysis nested within a multicenter, randomized, parallel-group clinical trial, PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED trial: ISRCTN35739639), aimed at assessing the effect of a MedDiet on the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. One hundred men and women (mean age: 64 ± 6 y), at high cardiovascular risk (62% with type 2 diabetes) from the Bellvitge-PREDIMED center were randomly assigned to a MedDiet supplemented with EVOO, a MedDiet supplemented with mixed nuts, or a control diet (advice to reduce all dietary fat). No recommendations to lose weight or increase physical activity were given. Main measurements were the percentage of liver fat and the diagnosis of steatosis, which were determined by NMR imaging. The association of diet with liver fat content was analyzed by bivariate analysis after a median follow-up of 3 y. RESULTS: Baseline adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors were similar among the 3 treatment arms. At 3 y after the intervention hepatic steatosis was present in 3 (8.8%), 12 (33.3%), and 10 (33.3%) of the participants in the MedDiet + EVOO, MedDiet + nuts, and control diet groups, respectively (P = 0.027). Respective mean values of liver fat content were 1.2%, 2.7%, and 4.1% (P = 0.07). A tendency toward significance was observed for the MedDiet + EVOO group compared with the control group. Median values of urinary 12(S)-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid/creatinine concentrations were significantly (P = 0.001) lower in the MedDiet + EVOO (2.3 ng/mg) than in the MedDiet + nuts (5.0 ng/mg) and control (3.9 ng/mg) groups. No differences in adiposity or glycemic control changes were seen between groups. CONCLUSIONS: An energy-unrestricted MedDiet supplemented with EVOO, a food with potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, is associated with a reduced prevalence of hepatic steatosis in older individuals at high cardiovascular risk.
New insights into the anorexia of ageing: from prevention to treatment.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Undernutrition in older adults is associated with frailty, functional decline, and mortality. The 'anorexia of ageing' is the age-related appetite and weight loss underpinning such undernutrition. This review examines the latest evidence for its prevention and treatment. RECENT FINDINGS: Existing nutritional therapies for the anorexia of ageing include supporting nutritional intake with fortified food or supplements, including protein, omega-3 fatty acids, multivitamins, and vitamin D. The Mediterranean diet provides high fat intake and nutrient density in a moderate volume of colourful and flavoursome food and is strengthening in evidence for healthy ageing. Studies of the gut microbiome, which potentially regulates normal appetite by acting on the brain-gut communication axis, are pertinent. Utilisation of the genetic profile of individuals to determine nutritional needs is an exciting advancement of the past decade and may become common practice. SUMMARY: Prevention or early treatment of the anorexia of ageing in older adults is critical. Latest evidence suggests that once significant weight loss has occurred, aggressive nutritional support may not result in improved outcomes. FAU - Dent, Elsa
The Mediterranean diet protects against waist circumference enlargement in 12Ala carriers for the PPARgamma gene: 2 years' follow-up of 774 subjects at high cardiovascular risk.; The PPARgamma gene regulates insulin sensitivity and adipogenesis. The Pro12Ala polymorphism of this gene has been related to fat accumulation. Our aim was to analyse the effects of a 2-year nutritional intervention with Mediterranean-style diets on adiposity in high-cardiovascular risk patients depending on the Pro12Ala polymorphism of the PPARgamma gene. The population consisted of a substudy (774 high-risk subjects aged 55-80 years) of the Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea (PREDIMED) randomised trial aimed at assessing the effect of the Mediterranean diet for CVD prevention. There were three nutritional intervention groups: two of them of a Mediterranean-style diet and the third was a control group advised to follow a conventional low-fat diet. All the participants were genotyped by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP). The results showed that carriers of the 12Ala allele allocated to the control group had a statistically significant higher change in waist circumference (adjusted difference coefficient = 2.37 cm; P = 0.014) compared with wild-type subjects after 2 years of nutritional intervention. This adverse effect was not observed among 12Ala carriers allocated to both Mediterranean diet groups. In diabetic patients a statistically significant interaction between Mediterranean diet and the 12Ala allele regarding waist circumference change was observed ( - 5.85 cm; P = 0.003). In conclusion, the Mediterranean diet seems to be able to reduce waist circumference in a high-cardiovascular risk population, reversing the negative effect that the 12Ala allele carriers of the PPARgamma gene appeared to have. The beneficial effect of this dietary pattern seems to be higher among type 2 diabetic subjects. FAU - Razquin, Cristina
Mediterranean diet adherence and synergy with acute myocardial infarction and its determinants: A multicenter case-control study in Italy.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases are the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in Western countries. The possible synergistic effect of poor adherence to a Mediterranean diet (MD) and other risk factors for acute myocardial infarction (AMI) such as hypertension, cholesterol, ever smoker, BMI> 25, diabetes, has not been deeply studied. DESIGN: Case-control study. METHODS: Patients with first AMI and controls from four tertiary referral Italian centers were screened for enrolment. Dietary information was collected through a questionnaire and a MD adherence score was calculated. Physical activity and smoking habits were also registered. The Synergy Index was calculated according to Rothman. RESULTS: 127 cases and 173 controls were enrolled. The analysis was conducted using a dichotomous variable for the MD score with values ≥7 representing good adherence. Multivariate analysis showed the following variables associated to AMI: ever smoker (OR = 2.08), diabetes (OR = 1.42), hypertension (OR = 2.08), hypercholesterolemia (OR = 2.47), BMI> 25 (OR = 1.99), while a protective effect emerged both in subjects scoring > 7 on the MD score (OR = 0.55) and in subjects resident of Southern Italy (OR = 0.38). A synergistic effect does exist between poor adherence to the MD and the following risk factors: hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, BMI >25, diabetes and being a resident in central and northern Italy. CONCLUSION: Synergy between heart disease risk factors and MD underlines the need to enlarge the list of known modifiable cardiovascular risk factors to include and promote adherence to Mediterranean dietary habits. FAU - La Torre, Giuseppe
Nutrition Transition and Obesity Among Teenagers and Young Adults in South Asia.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity among teenagers/adolescents and young adults is associated with significant adverse short and longer-term effects on health. To date, no narrative reviews have evaluated nutrition transition and its contribution to the obesity epidemic among adolescents and young adults in the South Asian (SA) region. METHOD: Data were retrieved by a four-stage systematic search process. A search of the online Pub- Med/Medline, SciVerse Scopus and Web of Science databases was performed. The age groups were defined as follows; teenage:13-19 years, adolescence:10-18 years and young adult:19-24 years. RESULTS: Among teenagers/adolescents, the prevalence of overweight ranged from 11.0% (Sri Lanka) to 19.0% (India), while obesity ranged from 2.4% (Sri Lanka) to 11.0% (Pakistan). In young adults, prevalence of overweight ranged between 7.9% (Nepal) to 15.0% (Pakistan), while obesity showed a much wider variation (0.005%[Nepal] - 22.8%[India]). Nutritional risk factors associated with overweight/ obesity among SAs of this age group included reduced fruit and vegetable consumption, a total vegetarian diet, consumption of fast food and soft drinks, and skipping breakfast. Other contributing factors identified were: adding extra salt to meals, eating meals outside of the home, frequently visiting restaurants and eating while watching television. Daily milk/yoghurt consumption and a family supper have shown a protective effect against overweight/obesity. CONCLUSION: Overweight and obesity are common amongst teenagers/adolescents and young adults of the SA region. Several food types and habits were identified as being associated with overweight/ obesity in this population. Identifying common protective and contributory factors is very important for the development of a shared regional preventive strategy.
Metabolic and Vascular Effect of the Mediterranean Diet. LID - 10.3390/ijms20194716 [doi] LID - 4716; Several studies indicated how dietary patterns that were obtained from nutritional cluster analysis can predict disease risk or mortality. Low-grade chronic inflammation represents a background pathogenetic mechanism linking metabolic risk factors to increased risk of chronic degenerative diseases. A Mediterranean diet (MeDi) style has been reported as associated with a lower degree of inflammation biomarkers and with a protective role on cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. There is heterogeneity in defining the MedDiet, and it can, owing to its complexity, be considered as an exposome with thousands of nutrients and phytochemicals. Recently, it has been reported a novel positive association between baseline plasma ceramide concentrations and cardiovascular events and how adherence to a Mediterranean Diet-style may influence the potential negative relationship between elevated plasma ceramide concentrations and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed the positive effects of the MeDi diet style on several cardiovascular risk factors, such as body mass index, waist circumference, blood lipids, blood pressure, inflammatory markers and adhesion molecules, and diabetes and how these advantages of the MeDi are maintained in comparison of a low-fat diet. Some studies reported a positive effect of adherence to a Mediterranean Diet and heart failure incidence, whereas some recent studies, such as the PREDIMED study, showed that the incidence of major cardiovascular events was lower among those assigned to MeDi supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil or nuts than among those assigned to a reduced-fat diet. New studies are needed to better understand the molecular mechanisms, whereby the MedDiet may exercise its effects. Here, we present recent advances in understanding the molecular basis of MedDiet effects, mainly focusing on cardiovascular diseases, but also discussing other related diseases. We review MedDiet composition and assessment as well as the latest advances in the genomic, epigenomic (DNA methylation, histone modifications, microRNAs, and other emerging regulators), transcriptomic (selected genes and whole transcriptome), and metabolomic and metagenomic aspects of the MedDiet effects (as a whole and for its most typical food components). We also present a review of the clinical effects of this dietary style underlying the biochemical and molecular effects of the Mediterranean diet. Our purpose is to review the main features of the Mediterranean diet in particular its benefits on human health, underling the anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant and anti-atherosclerotic effects to which new knowledge about epigenetic and gut-microbiota relationship is recently added. FAU - Tuttolomondo, Antonino
Dietary patterns in adults from an Adriatic Island of Croatia and their associations with metabolic syndrome and its components.; Adriatic islanders have a high prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) although they have traditionally practiced an active lifestyle and adhered to a Mediterranean diet. We performed a cross-sectional study to identify dietary patterns in a sample of 1442 adults from the island of Hvar, and determined whether MetS and its components: waist-circumference, serum triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, HDL-cholesterol, and blood pressure, were related to an altered pattern of the traditional Mediterranean diet. Dietary intake was assessed by a food frequency questionnaire. MetS was defined using the International Diabetes Federation criteria. Our study showed that dietary patterns in this population have diversified from the traditional diet. Principal component analysis identified three major patterns. The meat, alcohol, and fish pattern (MAFp), sweets, grains, and fats pattern (SGFp), and an olive-oil, vegetables, and fruits pattern (OVFp) explained 30.6% of total dietary variance. The MAFp associated significantly with MetS (p = 0.027) and high plasma glucose (p = 0.006). FAU - Sahay, Rashmi D
The Protective Effects of Extra Virgin Olive Oil on Immune-mediated Inflammatory Responses.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The increasing interest in the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) hinges on the relevant role it plays in inflammatory diseases. Several clinical, epidemiological and experimental evidences suggest that consumption of the MeDiet reduces the incidence of certain pathologies related to oxidative stress, chronic inflammation and immune system diseases such as cancer, atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease (CVD). These reductions can be partially attributed to extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) consumption which has been described as a key bioactive food because of its high nutritional quality and its particular composition of fatty acids, vitamins and polyphenols. Indeed, the beneficial effects of EVOO have been linked to its fatty acid composition, which is very rich in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), and has moderate saturated and polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA). The current knowledge available on the beneficial effects of EVOO and its phenolic compounds, specifically its biological properties and antioxidant capacity against immune-mediated inflammatory responses (atherosclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes, obesity, cancer, inflammatory bowel disease or neurodegenerative disease, among others) in addition to its potential clinical applications. CONCLUSION: The increasing body of studies carried out provides compelling evidence that olive polyphenols are potential candidates to combat chronic inflammatory states.
Association of the rs10830963 polymorphism in melatonin receptor type 1B (MTNR1B) with metabolic response after weight loss secondary to a hypocaloric diet based in Mediterranean style.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Some genetic variants within MTNR1B were related with fasting glucose levels or the increased prevalence of diabetes mellitus and obesity. The aims of the present investigation were to determine the influence of rs10830963 MTNR1B variant in relation to body weight loss, insulin resistance and adipokine levels in response to a hypocaloric diet with Mediterranean pattern. METHODS: A Caucasian population of 80 obese patients was studied before and after 12 weeks on a hypocaloric diet. Body weight, fat mass, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, C-reactive protein (CRP), insulin concentration, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), lipoprotein levels and adipocytokines levels (leptin, adiponectin and resistin) were measured. Genotype of MTNR1B gene single nucleotide polymorphism (rs10830963) was evaluated. RESULTS: In total, 44 patients (55%) had the genotype CC, 27 patients CG (33.8%) and 9 patients GG (11.2%). With the dietary intervention body mass index, weight, fat mass, systolic blood pressure, leptin levels and waist circumference decreased in both groups. There were no significant differences between gender groups on the reported effects in each genotype group. However, the improvement of anthropometric parameters was higher in subjects with CC genotype than (GC + GG) genotype. After dietary intervention and in males with CC genotype, insulin levels (-5.3 ± 4.8 UI/L vs 1.2 ± 4.1 UI/L; p < 0.05) and HOMA-IR (-1.4 ± 2.1 units vs 0.4 ± 2.0 units; p < 0.05) decreased. In the group of females with CC genotype, insulin levels (-3.5 ± 2.1 UI/L vs. -1.4 ± 2.2 UI/L: p < 0.05) and HOMA-IR (-1.4 ± 1.2 units vs. -0.1 ± 1.3 units: p < 0.05) decreased, too. However, these parameters remained unchanged in (GC + GG) group. Fasting glucose levels were higher in patients in (GC + GG). CONCLUSIONS: This study showed the association of rs10830963 MTNR1B single nucleotide polymorphism with body weight loss and changes in fasting insulin levels and HOMA-IR in obese subjects.
Molecular mechanisms of inflammation. Anti-inflammatory benefits of virgin olive oil and the phenolic compound oleocanthal.; Chronic inflammation is a critical factor in the pathogenesis of many inflammatory disease states including cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, degenerative joint diseases and neurodegenerative diseases. Chronic inflammatory states are poorly understood, however it is known that dietary habits can evoke or attenuate inflammatory responses. Popular methods to deal with inflammation and its associated symptoms involve the use of non steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, however the use of these drugs are associated with severe side effects. Therefore, investigations concerned with natural methods of inflammatory control are warranted. A traditional Mediterranean diet has been shown to confer some protection against the pathology of chronic diseases through the attenuation of pro-inflammatory mediators and this has been partially attributed to the high intake of virgin olive oil accompanying this dietary regime. Virgin olive oil contains numerous phenolic compounds that exert potent anti-inflammatory actions. Of interest to this paper is the recently discovered phenolic compound oleocanthal. Oleocanthal is contained in virgin olive oil and possesses similar anti-inflammatory properties to ibuprofen. This pharmacological similarity has provoked interest in oleocanthal and the few studies conducted thus far have verified its anti-inflammatory and potential therapeutic actions. A review of the health benefits of the Mediterranean diet and anti-inflammatory properties of virgin olive oil is presented with the additional emphasis on the pharmacological and anti-inflammatory properties of the phenolic compound oleocanthal. FAU - Lucas, Lisa
Diversity of metabolic syndrome criteria in association with cardiovascular diseases--a family medicine-based investigation.; BACKGROUND: This study compared the association between the 3 definitions of metabolic syndrome (MetS) suggested by the World Health Organization (WHO), National Cholesterol Education Programme (NCEP ATP III), and International Diabetes Federation (IDF), and the risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and shows the prevalence and characteristics of persons with MetS in continental vs. coastal regions and rural vs. urban residence in Croatia. MATERIAL/METHODS: A prospective multicenter study was conducted on 3245 participants≥40 years, who visited general practices from May to July 2008 for any reason. This was a cross-sectional study of the Cardiovascular Risk and Intervention Study in Croatia-family medicine project (ISRCTN31857696). RESULTS: All analyzed MetS definitions showed an association with CVD, but the strongest was shown by NCEP ATP III; coronary disease OR 2.48 (95% CI 1.80-3.82), cerebrovascular disease OR 2.14 (1.19-3.86), and peripheral artery disease OR 1.55 (1.04-2.32), especially for age and male sex. According to the NCEP ATP III (IDF), the prevalence was 38.7% (45.9%) [15.9% (18.6%) in men, and 22.7% (27.3%) in women, and 28.4% (33.9%) in the continental region, 10.2% (10.9%) in the coastal region, 26.2% (31.5%) in urban areas, and 12.4% (14.4%) in rural areas. Older age, male sex, and residence in the continental area were positively associated with MetS diagnosis according to NCEP ATP III, and current smoking and Mediterranean diet adherence have protective effects. CONCLUSIONS: The NCEP ATP III definition seems to provide the strongest association with CVD and should therefore be preferred for use in this population. FAU - Ivezić-Lalić, Dragica
Two Healthy Diets Modulate Gut Microbial Community Improving Insulin Sensitivity in a Human Obese Population.; CONTEXT: Gut microbiota, which acts collectively as a fully integrated organ in the host metabolism, can be shaped by long-term dietary interventions after a specific diet. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to study the changes in microbiota after 1 year's consumption of a Mediterranean diet (Med diet) or a low-fat, high-complex carbohydrate diet (LFHCC diet) in an obese population. DESIGN: Participants were randomized to receive the Med diet (35% fat, 22% monounsaturated) and the LFHCC diet (28% fat, 12% monounsaturated). SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: The study was conducted in 20 obese patients (men) within the Coronary Diet Intervention With Olive Oil and Cardiovascular Prevention (CORDIOPREV) study, an ongoing prospective, randomized, opened, controlled trial in patients with coronary heart disease. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: We evaluated the bacterial composition and its relationship with the whole fecal and plasma metabolome. RESULTS: The LFHCC diet increased the Prevotella and decreased the Roseburia genera, whereas the Med diet decreased the Prevotella and increased the Roseburia and Oscillospira genera (P = .028, .002, and .016, respectively). The abundance of Parabacteroides distasonis (P = .025) and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii (P = .020) increased after long-term consumption of the Med diet and the LFHCC diet, respectively. The changes in the abundance of 7 of 572 metabolites found in feces, including mainly amino acid, peptide, and sphingolipid metabolism, could be linked to the changes in the gut microbiota. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that long-term consumption of the Med and LFHCC diets exerts a protective effect on the development of type 2 diabetes by different specific changes in the gut microbiota, increasing the abundance of the Roseburia genus and F. prausnitzii, respectively. FAU - Haro, Carmen
Diet and endothelial function.; Endothelial dysfunction is one of the earliest events in atherogenesis. A consequence of endothelial damage is a lower availability of nitric oxide (NO), the most potent endogenous vasodilator. NO inhibits platelet aggregation, smooth muscle cell proliferation and adhesion of monocytes to endothelial cells. Endothelial dysfunction is present in patients with cardiovascular disease and/or coronary risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes, smoking or hyperhomocysteinemia. At present, soluble markers and high resolution ultrasound of the brachial artery, have provided simple tools for the study of endothelial function and the effects of several interventions. It has been demonstrated that dietary factors may induce significant changes on vascular reactivity. Nutrients, such as fish oil, antioxidants, L-arginine, folic acid and soy protein have shown an improvement in endothelial function that can mediate, at least partially, the cardioprotective effects of these substances. Attention has been focused on dietary patterns in populations with lower prevalence of cardiovascular disease. There is some evidence suggesting that Mediterranean diet characterized by high consumption of vegetables, fish, olive oil and moderate wine consumption may have a positive effect on endothelial function. These results give us evidence on the significant role of diet on endothelial function and its impact on the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. FAU - Cuevas, Ada M
An Appetite for Modernizing the Regulatory Framework for Protein Content Claims in Canada. LID - 10.3390/nu9090921 [doi] LID - 921; The need for protein-rich plant-based foods continues as dietary guidelines emphasize their contribution to healthy dietary patterns that prevent chronic disease and promote environmental sustainability. However, the Canadian Food and Drug Regulations provide a regulatory framework that can prevent Canadian consumers from identifying protein-rich plant-based foods. In Canada, protein nutrient content claims are based on the protein efficiency ratio (PER) and protein rating method, which is based on a rat growth bioassay. PERs are not additive, and the protein rating of a food is underpinned by its Reasonable Daily Intake. The restrictive nature of Canada's requirements for supporting protein claims therefore presents challenges for Canadian consumers to adapt to a rapidly changing food environment. This commentary will present two options for modernizing the regulatory framework for protein content claims in Canada. The first and preferred option advocates that protein quality not be considered in the determination of the eligibility of a food for protein content claims. The second and less preferred option, an interim solution, is a framework for adopting the protein digestibility corrected amino acid score as the official method for supporting protein content and quality claims and harmonizes Canada's regulatory framework with that of the USA. FAU - Marinangeli, Christopher P F
Oleic acid increases hepatic sex hormone binding globulin production in men.; SCOPE: Low circulating sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Mediterranean diet has been associated with a decreased risk of cardiovascular disease. We aimed to test the hypothesis that the increase of circulating MUFA associated with olive oil consumption (primary fat source in Mediterranean diet) increases SHBG serum levels. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 315 men were included. In these patients, nutrition data and plasma samples for SHBG assessment were obtained. In vitro studies to examine the effects of oleic and linoleic acid on SHBG production using HepG2 cells were performed. We provided evidence that SHBG serum levels were significantly higher in subjects using olive oil for cooking in comparison with subjects using sunflower oil. The SHBG levels correlated positively with MUFA (p < 0.001) and negatively with saturated fatty acids (p = 0.003). In the multiple regression analysis, MUFA were independently associated with SHBG levels and accounted for the 20.4% of SHBG variance. In vitro studies revealed that oleoyl-CoA increases SHBG production by downregulating PPAR-γ levels in HepG2 cells. CONCLUSION: Olive oil consumption is associated with elevated SHBG serum levels. PPAR-γ downregulation induced by oleoyl-CoA is an important underlying mechanism of such regulation.
Glycemic load and coronary heart disease in a Mediterranean population: the EPIC Greek cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: High glycemic load (GL) has been associated with increased coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. We evaluated whether preference of low-GL foods conveys incremental benefits with respect to CHD, especially to people adhering to the traditional Mediterranean diet (MD). METHODS AND RESULTS: We analyzed data from the Greek European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition, including 20,275 participants free of cardiovascular diseases, cancer, or diabetes at baseline and without incident diabetes. Subjects completed a validated, semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire at enrollment. We calculated a 10-point MD adherence score and the dietary GL, and estimated hazard ratios (HRs) for CHD incidence and mortality through Cox proportional hazard regression. After a median follow-up of 10.4 years, 417 participants developed CHD, and 162 died from the disease. A significant positive association of GL with CHD incidence emerged (HR for the highest versus the lowest tertile = 1.41, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.05-1.90). HRs for CHD mortality exceeded unity but were not statistically significant. The association with GL was stronger among subjects with higher body mass index. High adherence to MD with low/moderate GL was associated with lower risk of CHD incidence (HR = 0.61, CI: 0.39-0.95) and mortality (HR = 0.47, 95% CI: 0.23-96). CONCLUSION: High dietary GL increases the risk of CHD. Compared to a high GL diet with suboptimal adherence to the traditional Mediterranean pattern, a low/moderate GL diet that also conforms to the traditional MD principles could lead to a 40% reduced risk for CHD, and over 50% reduced risk for death from CHD.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular mortality in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Despite increased cardiovascular disease risk factors, migrants to Australia from Mediterranean countries have lower mortality than do native-born Australians. Dietary patterns may contribute to this. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate the relation between dietary patterns and mortality from cardiovascular (CVD) and ischemic heart disease (IHD) in an ethnically diverse population. DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study (mean follow-up: 10.4 y) of 40 653 volunteers (23 980 women) aged 40-69 y in the Melbourne Collaborative Cohort Study (1990-1994); 24% of the subjects were Mediterranean born. RESULTS: Four dietary factors were identified from a food-frequency questionnaire with the use of principal components analysis. They explained 69% of intake variance and reflected frequent intakes of Mediterranean foods, vegetables, meat, and fresh fruit. The Mediterranean factor was inversely associated with CVD and IHD mortality in models adjusting for diabetes, waist-to-hip ratio, body mass index, and hypertension. For IHD, the hazard ratio (HR) for the highest compared with the lowest quartile of consumption was 0.59 (95% CI: 0.39, 0.89; P for trend = 0.03). Associations persisted in analyses excluding people with prior CVD (HR: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.30, 0.88; P for trend = 0.03). Vegetable and fresh fruit factors were inversely associated with CVD mortality but only among those without prior CVD. HRs (highest compared with lowest quartile) were 0.66 (95% CI: 0.48, 0.92; P for trend = 0.02) for vegetables and 0.69 (95% CI: 0.52, 0.93; P for trend = 0.04) for fresh fruit. The meat factor was not associated with CVD or IHD mortality. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that frequent consumption of traditional Mediterranean foods is associated with reduced cardiovascular mortality after controlling for important risk factors and country of birth. FAU - Harriss, Linton R
Aging and Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet: Relationship with Cardiometabolic Disorders and Polypharmacy.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association between adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (Med-Diet), cardiometabolic disorders and polypharmacy. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Geriatrics outpatient clinic, Policlinico Umberto I, Sapienza University of Rome. PARTICIPANTS: 508 patients (219 male, 289 female) aged 50 to 89 who were evaluated for cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. METHODS AND MEASUREMENTS: Patients underwent a comprehensive medical assessment including medical history and the use of medications. Adherence to Med-Diet was assessed using the validated Med-Diet 14-item questionnaire; for the analysis, patients were divided in high (≥8) and medium-low (<8) adherence. Polypharmacy was defined as taking ≥5 medications. RESULTS: 476 patients completed the study. Mean age was 70.4 years; 58% female. Median Med-Diet score was 8 (interquartile range, 6-9). Patients with medium-low adherence had higher body mass index (p=0.029) and higher prevalence of arterial hypertension (p<0.001), previous coronary (p=0.002) and cerebrovascular events (p=0.011), diabetes, (p<0.001) and dyslipidemia (p=0.001) compared to those at high adherence. Med-Diet score decreased with the number of cardiometabolic disorders (p<0.001). The prevalence of polypharmacy was 39%. Consumption of olive oil (p=0.005), vegetables, (p<0.001), wine (p=0.017), legumes (p=0.028), fish (p=0.046) and nuts (p=0.045) were all inversely associated with the overall number of medications. In a multivariable regression model, medium-low adherence to Med-Diet was independently associated to polypharmacy (O.R.:1.859; 95% CI 1.142 to 3.025; p=0.013), after adjusting for possible confounding factors. CONCLUSION: Med-Diet was inversely associated with cardiometabolic disorders and with polypharmacy, suggesting that improved Med-Diet adherence might potentially delay the onset of age-related health deterioration and reduce the need of multiple medications. FAU - Vicinanza, R
Habitual fish intake and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis.; BACKGROUND: Fish consumption is recommended as part of a healthy diet. However, there is a paucity of data concerning the relation between fish consumption and carotid atherosclerosis. We investigated the association between habitual fish consumption and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima-media thickness (≥ 0.90 mm), in non-diabetic participants. METHODS: Nine hundred-sixty-one (range of age: 18-89 yrs; 37.1% males) adult participants without clinically known atherosclerotic disease were randomly recruited among the customers of a shopping mall in Palermo, Italy, and cross-sectionally investigated. Each participant answered a food frequency questionnaire and underwent high-resolution ultrasonographic evaluation of both carotid arteries. Routine laboratory blood measurements were obtained in a subsample of 507 participants. RESULTS: Based on habitual fish consumption, participants were divided into three groups: non-consumers or consumers of less than 1 serving a week (24.0%), consumers of 1 serving a week (38.8%), and consumers of ≥ 2 servings a week (37.2%). Age-adjusted prevalence of carotid atherosclerosis (presence of plaques or intima media thickness ≥ 0.9 mm) was higher in the low fish consumption group (13.3%, 12.1% and 6.6%, respectively; P = 0.003). Multivariate analysis evidenced that carotid atherosclerosis was significantly associated with age (OR = 1.12; 95% CI = 1.09-1.14), hypertension on pharmacologic treatment (OR = 1.81; 95% CI = 1.16-2.82), and pulse pressure (OR = 1.03; 95% CI = 1.01-1.04), while consuming ≥2 servings of fish weekly was protective compared with the condition of consumption of <1 serving of fish weekly (OR = 0.46; 95% CI = 0.26-0.80). CONCLUSIONS: High habitual fish consumption seems to be associated with less carotid atherosclerosis, though adequate interventional trials are necessary to confirm the role of fish consumption in prevention of cardiovascular disease. FAU - Buscemi, Silvio
Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular health: Teachings of the PREDIMED study.; The PREDIMED (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea) study was designed to assess the long-term effects of the Mediterranean diet (MeDiet) without any energy restriction on incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) as a multicenter, randomized, primary prevention trial in individuals at high risk. Participants were randomly assigned to 3 diet groups: 1) MeDiet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO); 2) MeDiet supplemented with nuts; and 3) control diet (advice on a low-fat diet). After 4.8 y, 288 major CVD events occurred in 7447 participants; crude hazard ratios were 0.70 (95% CI: 0.53, 0.91) for the MeDiet + EVOO and 0.70 (95% CI: 0.53, 0.94) for the MeDiet + nuts compared with the control group. Respective hazard ratios for incident diabetes (273 cases) among 3541 participants without diabetes were 0.60 (95% CI: 0.43, 0.85) and 0.82 (95% CI: 0.61, 1.10) compared with the control group. After 1-y follow-up, participants in the MeDiet + nuts group showed a significant 13.7% reduction in prevalence of metabolic syndrome compared with reductions of 6.7% and 2.0% in the MeDiet + EVOO and control groups, respectively. Analyses of intermediate markers of cardiovascular risk demonstrated beneficial effects of the MeDiets on blood pressure, lipid profiles, lipoprotein particles, inflammation, oxidative stress, and carotid atherosclerosis, as well as on the expression of proatherogenic genes involved in vascular events and thrombosis. Nutritional genomics studies demonstrated interactions between a MeDiet and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), interleukin-6 (IL-6), apolipoprotein A2 (APOA2), cholesteryl ester transfer protein plasma (CETP), and transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene polymorphisms. The PREDIMED study results demonstrate that a high-unsaturated fat and antioxidant-rich dietary pattern such as the MeDiet is a useful tool in the prevention of CVD.
A Mediterranean-type diet is associated with better metabolic profile in urban Polish adults: Results from the HAPIEE study.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the Polish arm of the Health, Alcohol and Psychosocial factors In Eastern Europe (HAPIEE) cohort study. MATERIALS/METHODS: A cross-sectional survey including 8821 adults was conducted in Krakow, Poland. Food intake was evaluated through a validated food frequency questionnaire and adherence to the dietary pattern was assessed using a score specifically developed for non-Mediterranean countries (MedTypeDiet score). Linear and logistic regression models were performed to estimate beta and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), respectively. RESULTS: Significant associations between the MedTypeDiet score and waist circumference (β=-0.307±0.239cm), systolic blood pressure (β=-0.440±0.428mmHg), and triglycerides (β=-0.021±0.016mmol/L) were observed. After multivariable adjustment, individuals in the highest quartile of the score were less likely to have MetS, central obesity, high triglycerides, and hypertension. Increase of one standard deviation of the score was associated with 7% less odds of having MetS (OR 0.93, 95% CI: 0.88, 0.97). When analyzing the relation of single components of the MedTypeDiet score, wine, dairy products, and the total unsaturated:saturated fatty acids ratio were associated with MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to a Mediterranean-like diet may decrease the risk of MetS also among non-Mediterranean populations.
Glycemic index, glycemic load and invasive breast cancer incidence in postmenopausal women: The PREDIMED study.; The objective of this study was to evaluate the prospective associations between dietary glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) and the risk for invasive breast cancer incidence in postmenopausal women at high cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. This study was conducted within the framework of the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) study, a nutritional intervention trial for primary cardiovascular prevention. We included 4010 women aged between 60 and 80 years who were initially free from breast cancer but at high risk for CVD disease. Dietary information was collected using a validated 137-item food frequency questionnaire. We assigned GI values using the International Tables of GI and GL values. Cases were ascertained through yearly consultation of medical records and through consultation of the National Death Index. Only cases confirmed by results from cytology tests or histological evaluation were included. We estimated multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios for invasive breast cancer risk across tertiles of energy-adjusted dietary GI/GL using Cox regression models. We repeated our analyses using yearly repeated measures of GI/GL intakes. No associations were found between baseline dietary GI/GL and invasive breast cancer incidence. The multivariable hazard ratio and 95% confidence interval (CI) for the top tertile of dietary GI was 1.02 (95% CI: 0.42-2.46) and for dietary GL was 1.00 (95% CI: 0.44-2.30) when compared with the bottom tertile. Repeated-measures analyses yielded similar results. In sensitivity analyses, no significant associations were observed for women with obesity or diabetes. Dietary GI and GL did not appear to be associated with an increased risk for invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women at high CVD risk. FAU - Castro-Quezada, Itandehui
Modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors for pancreatic cancer: A review.; Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma is associated with a poor prognosis and a high case-fatality rate. The reasons for poor prognosis are low rates of curative resection due to local infiltration and distant metastasis. To increase survival rates of patients with pancreatic cancer, early detection through surveillance and screening is important. However, screening could only be cost-effective in high-risk populations. Identification of significant risk factors therefore assumes significance. Risk factors could be non-modifiable or modifiable. Non-modifiable risk factors include increasing age, familial cancer syndromes, Afro-American race, hereditary and other forms of chronic pancreatitis, diabetes, and non-O blood group. Important modifiable risk factors include smoking, obesity, dietary factors such as non-vegetarian diet, and toxins. Preventive strategies at the population level and an effective screening program targeted at high-risk people may help in prevention and early detection of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Hydroxytyrosol protects from aging process via AMPK and autophagy; a review of its effects on cancer, metabolic syndrome, osteoporosis, immune-mediated and neurodegenerative diseases.; Aging is a complex process. It is considered a risk factor for several diseases such as cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes, most of which have an oxidative and inflammatory base. Given that life expectancy is increasing, there is a present interest in the search for anti-aging strategies that allow a healthy aging. Interestingly, in Spain, where the Mediterranean Diet (MD) is the reference food pattern, life expectancy will have the highest average by 2040. This diet is characterized, among other items, by virgin olive oil intake, which contains between 50-200 mg/kg of hydroxytyrosol, a major polyphenolic component of olive oil. Hydroxytyrosol is formed by the hydrolysis of oleuropein during the maturing of olives, storage of olive oil, and preparation of table olives. It is a yield of oleuropein by microbiota action in the organism after virgin olive oil consumption. The daily intake in context of the MD is estimated to be around 0.15 and 30 mg/day. In the last few years, hydroxytyrosol has received increasing attention due to its multiple pharmacological activities, such as antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and pro-apoptotic activities. It has also been the focus of extensive research regarding its bioactivity. In this sense, hydroxytyrosol is under consideration for the development of new anti-aging strategies. In this review we will summarize the potential anti-aging effects of hydroxytyrosol and its protective role in several age-related diseases.
A pilot study of the Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet: an effective therapy for the metabolic syndrome.; The "Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet" (SKMD) has been shown to promote potential therapeutic properties for the metabolic syndrome. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential therapeutic properties under free-living conditions of the SKMD in patients with metabolic syndrome (following the International Diabetes Federation consensus guidelines) over a 12-week period. A prospective study was carried out in 22 obese subjects with metabolic syndrome (12 men and 10 women) with the inclusion criteria whose body mass index of 36.58 ± 0.54 kg/m² and age was 41.18 ± 2.28 years. Statistical differences between the parameters studied before and after the administration of the SKMD (week 0 and 12, respectively) were analyzed by paired Student's t test. There was an extremely significant (P < .001) improvement in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (from 126.25 mg/dL to 103.87 mg/dL) and all the parameters studied associated with metabolic syndrome: body weight (from 106.41 kg to 91.95 kg), body mass index (from 36.58 kg/m² to 31.69 kg/m²), waist circumference (from 111.97 cm to 94.70 cm), fasting plasma glucose (from 118.81 mg/dL to 91.86 mg/dL), triacylglycerols (from 224.86 mg/dL to 109.59 mg/dL), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (from 44.44 to 57.95 mg/dL), systolic blood pressure (from 141.59 mm Hg to 123.64 mm Hg), and diastolic blood pressure (from 89.09 mm Hg to 76.36 mm Hg). The most affected parameter was the triacylglycerols (51.26% reduction). After the diet all the subjects were free of metabolic syndrome according to the International Diabetes Federation definition, and 100% of them had normal triacylglycerols and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels, in spite of the fact that 77.27% of them still had a body mass index of > 30 kg/m². We conclude that the SKMD could be an effective and safe way to cure patients suffering from metabolic syndrome. Future research should include a larger sample size, a longer-term use, and a comparison with other ketogenic diets. FAU - Pérez-Guisado, Joaquín
Inverse Associations between a Locally Validated Mediterranean Diet Index, Overweight/Obesity, and Metabolic Syndrome in Chilean Adults. LID - 10.3390/nu9080862 [doi] LID - 862; Obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS) are key risk factors for chronic disease. Dietary patterns are critical in the incidence and persistence of obesity and MetS, yet there is few data linking diet to obesity and MetS in Chile. Our objective was to use a locally validated diet index to evaluate adherence to a Mediterranean dietary pattern and its correlations with overweight/obesity (OW/O) and MetS prevalence in Chilean adults. We conducted a nationwide, cross-sectional online survey of Chilean adults with complete self-reported diet and body mass index data (n = 24,882). A subsample of 4348 users (17.5%) had valid MetS data. An inverse association was observed between adherence to Mediterranean diet and OW/O and MetS prevalence. As diet quality decreased from healthy, to moderately-healthy, to unhealthy, prevalence increased from 44.8, 51.1, to 60.9% for OW/O and from 13.4, 18.5, to 28.9% for MetS (p-values < 0.001). Adjusted odds ratios for OW/O and MetS were significantly higher in moderately-healthy (OR = 1.58 and 1.54) and unhealthy (OR = 2.20 and 2.49, respectively) diet groups in comparison to the healthy diet group. This study represents the first report on the relationship between Mediterranean diet and chronic disease risk in Chile. It suggests that the Mediterranean diet may be applied to manage chronic disease risk beyond the Mediterranean basin. FAU - Echeverría, Guadalupe
Modulation of adipocyte lipoprotein lipase expression as a strategy for preventing or treating visceral obesity.; As compared to subcutaneous adipocytes, visceral adipocytes have high basal lipolysis, are highly sensitive to catecholamines, and are poorly sensitive to insulin; these traits are amplified when visceral adipocytes hypertrophy. As a result, enlarged visceral fat stores tend to flood the portal circulation with free fatty acids at metabolically inappropriate times when fatty acids are unlikely to be oxidized, thus exposing tissues to excessive free fatty acid levels and giving rise to the insulin resistance syndrome. A logical approach to preventing or correcting visceral obesity is to down-regulate the lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activity of visceral adipocytes relative to that expressed in subcutaneous adipocytes and skeletal muscle. IGF-I activity appears to be a primary determinant of visceral LPL activity in humans; systemic IGF-I activity is decreased when diurnal insulin secretion is low, when hepatocytes detect a relative paucity of certain essential amino acids, and when estrogens are administered orally. The ability of alpha-glucosidase inhibitor therapy to selectively reduce visceral adiposity suggests that down-regulation of diurnal insulin secretion and/or IGF-I activity may indeed have a greater impact on LPL activity in visceral fat than in subcutaneous fat. Thus, low-glycemic-index, vegan, high-protein, or hypocaloric diets can be expected to decrease visceral LPL activity, as can postmenopausal estrogen therapy. Furthermore, estrogen enhances the LPL activity of non-pathogenic gluteofemoral fat cells, whereas testosterone decreases visceral LPL activity in men; this may explain why sex hormone replacement in middle-aged people of both sexes has a favorable impact on visceral fat and insulin sensitivity. Beta-adrenergic activity suppresses transcription of LPL in adipocytes; this phenomenon may contribute to the favorable impact of exercise training on visceral obesity; conceivably, preadministration of safe drugs that boost catecholamine activity (caffeine, yohimbine) could potentiate this beneficial effect of exercise. Glucocorticoids selectively increase the LPL activity of visceral adipocytes; while there is currently no convincing evidence that psychological stress is a major determinant of visceral adiposity, or that stress management techniques can help to correct visceral obesity, reports that anxiolytic therapy can improve glycemic control in type 2 diabetes should encourage further research along these lines.
Adiponectin circulating levels and 10-year (2002-2012) cardiovascular disease incidence: the ATTICA Study.; PURPOSE: Adiponectin is an adipokine with anti-inflammatory and cardiovascular-protective properties. Existing epidemiological evidence is conflicting on the exact relationship between adiponectin and long-term cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Our aim was to prospectively assess whether circulating adiponectin is associated with long-term incident CVD. METHODS: A population-based, prospective study in adults (>18 years) without previous CVD history (ATTICA study). Circulating total adiponectin levels were measured at baseline (2001-2002) in a sub-sample (n = 531; women/men: 222/309; age: 40 ± 11 years) of the ATTICA cohort and complete 10-year follow-up data were available in 366 of these participants (women/men: 154/212; age: 40 ± 12 years). RESULTS: After adjusting for multiple factors, including age, sex, body mass index, waist circumference, smoking, physical activity, Mediterranean diet adherence, hypertension, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, our logistic regression analysis indicates that an increase in circulating total adiponectin levels by 1 unit was associated with 36% lower CVD risk (relative risk [RR]: 0.64, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.42-0.96; p = 0.03). Further adjusting for interleukin-6 plasma levels had no significant impact (RR: 0.60, 95% CI 0.38-0.94; p = 0.03), while additional adjustment for circulating C-reactive protein (CRP) modestly attenuated this association (RR: 0.63, 95% CI 0.40-0.99; p = 0.046). CONCLUSIONS: In our study, elevated circulating total adiponectin levels were associated with lower 10-year CVD risk in adults without previous CVD, independently of other established CVD risk factors. This association appeared to be modestly attenuated by CRP, yet was not mediated by interleukin-6 which is the main endocrine/circulating pro-inflammatory cytokine. FAU - Kyrou, Ioannis
Mediterranean diet and brain structure in a multiethnic elderly cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether higher adherence to a Mediterranean-type diet (MeDi) is related with larger MRI-measured brain volume or cortical thickness. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, high-resolution structural MRI was collected on 674 elderly (mean age 80.1 years) adults without dementia who participated in a community-based, multiethnic cohort. Dietary information was collected via a food frequency questionnaire. Total brain volume (TBV), total gray matter volume (TGMV), total white matter volume (TWMV), mean cortical thickness (mCT), and regional volume or CT were derived from MRI scans using FreeSurfer program. We examined the association of MeDi (scored as 0-9) and individual food groups with brain volume and thickness using regression models adjusted for age, sex, ethnicity, education, body mass index, diabetes, and cognition. RESULTS: Compared to lower MeDi adherence (0-4), higher adherence (5-9) was associated with 13.11 (p = 0.007), 5.00 (p = 0.05), and 6.41 (p = 0.05) milliliter larger TBV, TGMV, and TWMV, respectively. Higher fish (b = 7.06, p = 0.006) and lower meat (b = 8.42, p = 0.002) intakes were associated with larger TGMV. Lower meat intake was also associated with larger TBV (b = 12.20, p = 0.02). Higher fish intake was associated with 0.019 mm (p = 0.03) larger mCT. Volumes of cingulate cortex, parietal lobe, temporal lobe, and hippocampus and CT of the superior-frontal region were associated with the dietary factors. CONCLUSIONS: Among older adults, MeDi adherence was associated with less brain atrophy, with an effect similar to 5 years of aging. Higher fish and lower meat intake might be the 2 key food elements that contribute to the benefits of MeDi on brain structure.
Dietary patterns and the incidence of hyperglyacemia in China.; OBJECTIVE: Epidemiological studies have examined associations between dietary patterns and the risk of type 2 diabetes. However, information on dietary patterns and the risk of type 2 diabetes in Chinese populations is scarce. The aim of the present study was to identify dietary patterns and examine their association with incident hyperglycaemia in Nanjing, China. DESIGN: A community-based prospective cohort study. Dietary assessment was carried out using a validated eighty-seven-item FFQ. Dietary patterns were identified by exploratory factor analysis. Participants were categorized into tertiles of dietary factor score for each dietary pattern. The relationship between dietary patterns and hyperglycaemia risk was analysed using multivariable linear and Cox regression. SETTING: Seven communities from two urban districts in Nanjing, China. SUBJECTS: A total of 2900 of Chinese local residents aged 30 years or above, free of hyperglycaemia and other serious diseases, who participated in the baseline survey from June to September 2007 were followed up 3 years later from June to September 2010 for the development of hyperglycaemia. Fasting blood samples were collected at both baseline and 3-year follow-up surveys. Hyperglycaemia was defined as fasting plasma glucose concentration of ≥6·1 mmol/l or already taking oral hyperglycaemia agents for treatment of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: Five major dietary patterns were identified: (i) the 'condiments' pattern; (ii) the 'animal and plant protein' pattern; (iii) the 'healthy traditional' pattern; (iv) the 'fruits, eggs and juice' pattern; and (v) the 'alcohol, milk and tea' pattern. A total of 2093 (72·2 %) individuals completed the follow-up survey and the 3-year cumulative incidence of hyperglycaemia was 7·5 % (158/2093). A 1-unit increase in the score for the 'healthy traditional' pattern was associated with a decrease of 0·054 mmol/l in fasting plasma glucose (P=0·017), while a 1-unit increase in the 'fruits, eggs and juice' pattern score was associated with an increase of 0·050 mmol/l in fasting plasma glucose (P=0·023) by multivariable linear regression. For men, tertile 3 of the 'fruits, eggs and juice' pattern was associated with an 88 % greater risk (hazard ratio=1·88; 95 % CI 1·04, 3·54) of hyperglycaemia than tertile 1 of this pattern. Being in tertile 3 of the 'alcohol, milk and tea' pattern was associated with a 35 % greater risk (hazard ratio=1·35; 95 % CI 1·04, 2·16) relative to tertile 1 in women, while for the ''healthy traditional' pattern tertile 3 was associated with a 41 % lower risk (hazard ratio=0·59; 95 % CI 0·35, 0·99) compared with tertile 1. The 'condiments' and the 'animal and plant protein' patterns were not independently associated with hyperglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that modifying dietary patterns could reduce hyperglycaemia incidence in the mainland Chinese adult population. FAU - Hong, Xin
Dietary pattern and incidence of chronic kidney disease among adults: a population-based study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Although dietary patterns have been linked to chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, sparse data are available for a relationship between dietary patterns and incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) in West Asian populations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of population-based dietary pattern with the risk of incident CKD after 6.1 years of follow-up. METHODS: At baseline, habitual dietary intakes of 1630 participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) who were free of CKD was assessed by a valid and reliable food-frequency questionnaire. The following three major dietary patterns were identified using a principal components analysis: Lacto-vegetarian dietary pattern, traditional Iranian dietary pattern, and high fat, high sugar dietary pattern. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated, using the Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) Study equation and CKD was defined as eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73m(2). Odds ratio (OR) using multivariable logistic regression was calculated for the association of incident CKD with the extracted dietary patterns. RESULTS: After adjusting for age, sex, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, body mass index, diabetes, and hypertension the OR for participants in the highest compared with those in the lowest tertile of the lacto-vegetarian dietary pattern was 0.57 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.41 to 0.80, P-trend = 0.002). In contrast, the high fat, high sugar dietary pattern was positively associated with the incidence of CKD (OR for the third tertile compared with first tertile: 1.46; 95% CI: 1.03-2.09; P-trend = 0.036). Traditional Iranian dietary pattern was not associated with incident CKD. CONCLUSION: The high fat, high sugar dietary pattern was associated with significantly increased (46%) odds of incident CKD, whereas a lacto-vegetarian dietary pattern may be protective against the occurrence of CKD by 43%. FAU - Asghari, Golaleh
Group Medical Visits 2.0: The Open Source Wellness Behavioral Pharmacy Model.; Objectives: The Open Source Wellness (OSW) model was designed to function as a behavioral pharmacy; an affordable, accessible delivery system for a universal experiential prescription: MOVE (physical activity), NOURISH (healthy meals), CONNECT (social support), and BE (stress reduction). This study evaluates the OSW model in a billable group medical visit (GMV) format in a federally qualified health center (FQHC). Intervention: Patients with behaviorally mediated conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and depression, as well as poor social determinants of health, such as food insecurity, were prescribed participation in the OSW program by their medical team. Groups met for 2 h each week for 16 weeks to complete 30 min of socially engaging physical activity, 5 min of mindfulness meditation, a 10-min interactive, didactic health lesson, a 5-min nutrition lesson, and 60 min of small-group coaching over a plant-based meal. Paraprofessional health coaches worked with participants in small groups to provide support and create accountability to goals. In addition, participants received a $10 voucher to Food Farmacy, which provided free produce. Subjects: The sample consisted of 49 patients from the Hayward Wellness Center, an FQHC in Hayward, California. They were mostly women, 59.6%, and racially and ethnically diverse: 23.1% African American, 5.8% Asian, 26.9% Hispanic/Latino, 11.5% Pacific Islander, and 32.7% Caucasian. Participants averaged 59.1 years of age (SD = 10.6). Outcome measures: Blood pressure and weight were recorded weekly. Demographic and acute care utilization data were drawn from the electronic medical record. Self-report questionnaires assessed diet, exercise, and mood on a monthly basis. Methods and results: Longitudinal data were analyzed with linear mixed models. Participants (n = 49) demonstrated significant increases in daily servings of fruits and vegetables, b = 0.31, p < 0.01, and exercise, b = 11.50, p < 0.01, as well as significant reductions in body mass index, b = -0.10, p = 0.05. Acute care utilization decrease was not statistically significant, b = -0.07, p = 0.14. Depressed patients (n = 11) saw reductions in depression, b = -1.72, p < 0.01, and hypertensive patients (n = 24) saw reductions in systolic blood pressure, b = -4.04, p < 0.01, but not diastolic blood pressure, b = 0.04, p = 0.95. Conclusions: This study demonstrates the effectiveness of the OSW behavioral pharmacy model within a GMV context; pathways for adaptation, spread/scale, and incorporation of this work as a component of the broader health ecosystem and national commitment to health equity are discussed. FAU - Emmert-Aronson, Benjamin
Impact of Consuming Extra-Virgin Olive Oil or Nuts within a Mediterranean Diet on DNA Methylation in Peripheral White Blood Cells within the PREDIMED-Navarra Randomized Controlled Trial: A Role for Dietary Lipids. LID - 10.3390/nu10010015 [doi] LID - 15; DNA methylation could be reversible and mouldable by environmental factors, such as dietary exposures. The objective was to analyse whether an intervention with two Mediterranean diets, one rich in extra-virgin olive oil (MedDiet + EVOO) and the other one in nuts (MedDiet + nuts), was influencing the methylation status of peripheral white blood cells (PWBCs) genes. A subset of 36 representative individuals were selected within the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED-Navarra) trial, with three intervention groups in high cardiovascular risk volunteers: MedDiet + EVOO, MedDiet + nuts, and a low-fat control group. Methylation was assessed at baseline and at five-year follow-up. Ingenuity pathway analysis showed routes with differentially methylated CpG sites (CpGs) related to intermediate metabolism, diabetes, inflammation, and signal transduction. Two CpGs were specifically selected: cg01081346-CPT1B/CHKB-CPT1B and cg17071192-GNAS/GNASAS, being associated with intermediate metabolism. Furthermore, cg01081346 was associated with PUFAs intake, showing a role for specific fatty acids on epigenetic modulation. Specific components of MedDiet, particularly nuts and EVOO, were able to induce methylation changes in several PWBCs genes. These changes may have potential benefits in health; especially those changes in genes related to intermediate metabolism, diabetes, inflammation and signal transduction, which may contribute to explain the role of MedDiet and fat quality on health outcomes. FAU - Arpón, Ana
Pterygium Prevalence and Its Associations in a Russian Population: The Ural Eye and Medical Study.; PURPOSE: To assess the prevalence of pterygia and its associations in a population in Russia. DESIGN: Population-based cross-sectional study. METHODS: The Ural Eye and Medical Study was performed in a rural and urban area in Ufa/Bashkortostan 1300 km east of Moscow. Out of 7328 eligible individuals aged 40+ years, 5899 (80.5%) individuals participated and underwent an ocular and systemic examination. Pterygia, defined as conjunctival extensions onto the clear cornea, were diagnosed upon slit-lamp examination and on corneal photographs. RESULTS: Mean pterygium prevalence (per individual) was 138/5888 (2.3%; 95% confidence intervals [CI]:2.0, 2.7), with bilateral occurrence in 45 individuals (32.6% of patients with pterygium; 0.8% of study population). Pterygium prevalence increased from 0.8% (95% CI: 0.02, 1.6) in the age group from 40 to <45 years to 3.6% (95% CI: 2.1, 5.1) in the age group of 75+ years. In multivariable analysis, higher pterygium prevalence was associated with older age (P = .006; odds ratio [OR]: 1.03; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.04), rural vs urban region of habitation (P < .001; OR: 2.33; 95% CI: 1.57, 3.46), and lower level of education (P = .03; OR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.81, 0.99), while the pterygium prevalence was statistically independent of sex (P = .34), Russian vs non-Russian ethnicity (P = .59), presence of diabetes mellitus (P = 1.00), arterial hypertension (P = .86), vegetarian vs mixed diet (P = 1.00), blood lipid concentration (P > .30), history of cardiovascular disease (P = .49), or axial length (P = .52). CONCLUSIONS: In this rural and urban, typically multiethnic Russian study population aged 40+ years, a higher pterygium prevalence (mean: 2.3%) was correlated with older age, rural region of habitation, and lower educational level, while it was statistically independent of most other systemic or ocular parameters. A pterygium was not a biomarker for an internal medical disease.
Effect of a high monounsaturated fatty acids diet and a Mediterranean diet on serum lipids and insulin sensitivity in adults with mild abdominal obesity.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Diets high in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA) such as a Mediterranean diet may reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases by improving insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. Besides being high in MUFA, a Mediterranean diet also contains abundant plant foods, moderate wine and low amounts of meat and dairy products, which may also play a role. We compared the effects of a high MUFA-diet with a diet high in saturated fatty acids (SFA) and the additional effect of a Mediterranean diet on insulin sensitivity and serum lipids. METHODS AND RESULTS: A randomized parallel controlled-feeding trial was performed, in 60 non-diabetics (40-65 y) with mild abdominal obesity. After a two week run-in diet high in SFA (19 energy-%), subjects were allocated to a high MUFA-diet (20 energy-%), a Mediterranean diet (MUFA 21 energy-%), or the high SFA-diet, for eight weeks. The high MUFA and the Mediterranean diet did not affect fasting insulin concentrations. The high MUFA-diet reduced total cholesterol (-0.41 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.74, -0.09) and LDL-cholesterol (-0.38 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.65, -0.11) compared with the high SFA-diet, but not triglyceride concentrations. The Mediterranean diet increased HDL-cholesterol concentrations (+0.09 mmol/L, 95% CI 0.0, 0.18) and reduced the ratio of total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol (-0.39, 95% CI -0.62, -0.16) compared with the high MUFA-diet. CONCLUSION: Replacing a high SFA-diet with a high MUFA or a Mediterranean diet did not affect insulin sensitivity, but improved serum lipids. The Mediterranean diet was most effective, it reduced total and LDL-cholesterol, and also increased HDL-cholesterol and reduced total cholesterol/HDL-cholesterol ratio.
An interactive diary for diet management (DAI): a new telemedicine system able to promote body weight reduction, nutritional education, and consumption of fresh local produce.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this multicenter, longitudinal, single-arm, pre-post comparison was to test a telemedicine system able to promote body weight reduction, nutritional education, and consumption of fresh local produce. METHODS: DAI (MeTeDa srl, San Benedetto del Tronto, Italy) is a software for mobile phones to support patients following a specific dietetic program. It facilitates the communication between the patient and dietician via short text messages. Overall, three specialized dieticians enrolled 140 consecutive patients with body mass index (BMI) >or=25 kg/m(2) who voluntered to follow a specific diet program to be managed with DAI. At baseline and after 20 weeks, data on body weight, waist circumference, BMI, fasting blood glucose, lipid profile, food habits, and physical activity were collected and compared by the Wilcoxon test or the McNemar test. RESULTS: Overall, 115 individuals (82.1%) completed the follow-up. The mean (95% confidence interval) reduction in body weight was -2.5 (-3.2; -1.8) kg, whereas the reduction in waist circumference was -3.7 (-4.6; -2.9) cm, and that in BMI was 1.0 (-0.7; -1.2) kg/m(2). The software was useful as an educational tool: participants achieving the Mediterranean diet targets increased from 14.4% to 69.8% after 20 weeks. On average, each patient recognized and chose fresh local vegetables eight times per week during the follow-up. Participants regularly communicated with dieticians through short text messages. CONCLUSIONS: This study allowed the documentation of the efficacy of a new telemedicine system in supporting people who need to lose body weight. The tool was also suitable for a more articulated initiative of "nutritional education" aiming to promote the healthy properties of the Mediterranean diet and the consumption of local produce. FAU - Rossi, Maria Chiara
Protective role of the Mediterranean diet on several cardiovascular risk factors: evidence from Sicily, southern Italy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Epidemiological studies conducted in European countries demonstrated that the adoption of a Mediterranean diet protect against clustered risk factors but those evaluating such benefits specifically in southern Italy are scarce. Thus, the aim of this study was to assess the association between the adherence to the Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular risk factors obesity, diabetes, and hypertension. METHODS AND RESULTS: A cross-sectional population-based survey including 3090 subjects was conducted in Sicily, southern Italy. Food intake was evaluated through a validated food frequency questionnaire and adherence to the dietary pattern was assessed using the MedDietScore. Linear and logistic regression models were performed to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and respective confidence intervals (CIs). After adjusting for confounding factors such as age and gender, participants in the highest tertile of the MedDietScore were less likely to be obese (OR 0.35, 95% CI: 0.24-0.51), hypertensive (OR 0.73, 95% CI: 0.55-0.97), and diabetic (OR 0.43, 95% CI: 0.24-0.77). Linear inverse relation between the MedDietScore and BMI (r(2) = 0.34, P < 0.001), waist circumference (r(2) = 0.17, P < 0.001), and waist-to-hip ratio (r(2) = 0.06, P < 0.001) was found. CONCLUSION: Despite the prevalence rates of nutrition-related diseases are high in Sicily, greater adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern is still associated with a better health status.
Alpha-linolenic acid: an omega-3 fatty acid with neuroprotective properties-ready for use in the stroke clinic?; Alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) is plant-based essential omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids that must be obtained through the diet. This could explain in part why the severe deficiency in omega-3 intake pointed by numerous epidemiologic studies may increase the brain's vulnerability representing an important risk factor in the development and/or deterioration of certain cardio- and neuropathologies. The roles of ALA in neurological disorders remain unclear, especially in stroke that is a leading cause of death. We and others have identified ALA as a potential nutraceutical to protect the brain from stroke, characterized by its pleiotropic effects in neuroprotection, vasodilation of brain arteries, and neuroplasticity. This review highlights how chronic administration of ALA protects against rodent models of hypoxic-ischemic injury and exerts an anti-depressant-like activity, effects that likely involve multiple mechanisms in brain, and may be applied in stroke prevention. One major effect may be through an increase in mature brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a widely expressed protein in brain that plays critical roles in neuronal maintenance, and learning and memory. Understanding the precise roles of ALA in neurological disorders will provide the underpinnings for the development of new therapies for patients and families who could be devastated by these disorders. FAU - Blondeau, Nicolas
Ageing in Puducherry, South India: An overview of morbidity profile.; BACKGROUND: The geriatric health problems are related to chronic disease as a result of increasing life expectancy. OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to assess the health problems of the elderly in Puducherry. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was carried out on 214 elderly persons from the age group of 60 years and above using a pre-designed and pre-tested questionnaire that addressed the disease magnitude in comparison with the socioeconomic variables. RESULTS: Overall, 43% of the participants were diabetic, 47.7% hypertensive, 86% anemic and 68.2% visually impaired. All the morbidities were noted to be higher in the 70-79 years age group. Diabetes was significantly higher in participants from urban areas, with family history and increasing waist-hip ratio, but significantly lower in the below poverty line areas. Hypertension risk was significantly higher among females, among those leading sedentary life, those eating vegetarian food, those addicted to tobacco and with abdominal obesity. Anemia was significantly lower among urban vegetarians. Overweight and obese were noted in 31% of the participants, and were higher in females (87.5%). Rural residence, female sex, living in joint family, literacy, sedentary life style, decreasing per capita income and decreasing body mass index (BMI) were significantly associated with visual impairment. CONCLUSION: This study highlights the burden of health problems of elderly individuals in South India. FAU - Bharati, Dharamvir Ranjan
Systematic Review and Pragmatic Clinical Approach to Oral and Nasal Vitamin B12 (Cobalamin) Treatment in Patients with Vitamin B12 Deficiency Related to Gastrointestinal Disorders. LID - 10.3390/jcm7100304 [doi] LID - 304; The objective of this review is to provide an update on the effectiveness of oral and nasal vitamin B12 (cobalamin) treatment in gastrointestinal (GI) disorders. Relevant articles were identified by PubMed and Google Scholar systematic search, from January 2010 and June 2018, and through hand search of relevant reference articles. Additional studies were obtained from references of identified studies, the Cochrane Library and the ISI Web of Knowledge. Data gleaned from reference textbooks and international meetings were also used, as was information gleaned from commercial sites on the web and data from CARE B12 research group. For oral vitamin B12 treatment, 4 randomized controlled trials (vs. intramuscular), 4 narrative and 4 systematic reviews, and 13 prospective studies fulfilled our inclusion criteria. These studies concerned patients with vitamin B12 deficiency related to: food-cobalamin malabsorption (n = 6), Biermer's disease (n = 3), veganism or vegetarianism (n = 1), total gastrectomy after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (n = 2) and Crohn's disease (n = 1). Four prospective studies include patients with vitamin B12 deficiency related to the aforementioned etiologies, except veganism or vegetarianism. The systematic present review documents that oral vitamin B12 replacement, at a daily dose of 1000 μg (1 mg), was adequate to normalize serum vitamin B12 levels and cure main clinical manifestations related to vitamin B12 deficiency, in GI disorders, and thus, with safety profile. For nasal vitamin B12 treatment, only one preliminary study was available. We conclude that oral vitamin B12 is an effective alternative to intramuscular vitamin B12 (except in patients presenting with severe neurological manifestations). Oral vitamin B12 treatment avoids the discomfort, contraindication (in patients with anticoagulation), and cost of monthly injections. FAU - Andrès, Emmanuel
Implications of chronic kidney disease for dietary treatment in cardiovascular disease.; Chronic kidney disease (CKD) often accompanies cardiovascular disease (CVD). Trends foretelling a greater burden of CKD and CVD are largely a result of increasing frequencies of obesity, hypertension, and diabetes. Nutritional therapy occupies a critical role in reducing risk factors and preventing progressive damage to the kidneys and heart. Nutritional assessment and treatment should take into account both health concerns. This review examines several diet components and eating styles for efficacy in the treatment of these conditions. A variety of dietary regimens claim to provide health benefits, but rigorous scientific validation of long-term efficacy is frequently lacking. An urgent need exists for eating styles that reduce risk of chronic diseases and that are acceptable and achievable in free-living populations. We describe our ongoing study, a randomized controlled trial comparing the American Heart Association Step II diet and a Mediterranean diet, in survivors of a first myocardial infarction. The primary end point is a composite of mortality and major CVD events. Because many in this population have CKD, indicators of kidney damage and function are prespecified secondary end points. Results of this trial should provide insight into optimal dietary interventions for persons with both CVD and CKD. FAU - Packard, Diane P
Mediterranean diet and incidence of and mortality from coronary heart disease and stroke in women.; BACKGROUND: Several studies have documented an inverse association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD), but few data are available on the relationship between Mediterranean diet and risk of stroke. METHODS AND RESULTS: For the present study, 74,886 women 38 to 63 years of age in the Nurses' Health Study, a cohort study of female nurses, without a history of cardiovascular disease and diabetes were followed up from 1984 to 2004. We computed an Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score from self-reported dietary data collected through validated food frequency questionnaires administered 6 times between 1984 and 2002. Relative risks for incident CHD, stroke, and combined fatal cardiovascular disease were estimated with Cox proportional-hazards models adjusted for cardiovascular risk factors. During 20 years of follow-up, 2391 incident cases of CHD, 1763 incident cases of stroke, and 1077 cardiovascular disease deaths (fatal CHD and strokes combined) were ascertained. Women in the top Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score quintile were at lower risk for both CHD and stroke compared with those in the bottom quintile (relative risk [RR], 0.71; 95% CI, 0.62 to 0.82; P for trend<0.0001 for CHD; RR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.73 to 1.02; P for trend=0.03 for stroke). Cardiovascular disease mortality was significantly lower among women in the top quintile of the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (RR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.49 to 0.76; P for trend<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: A greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet, as reflected by a higher Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score, was associated with a lower risk of incident CHD and stroke in women. FAU - Fung, Teresa T
Population health and Mediterranean diet in southern Mediterranean countries.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: In recent decades, the prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), such as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disorders has increased worldwide; the objective here is to describe the situation in southern Mediterranean countries. RESULTS: Data derived from surveys in the region countries showed that in 2002 more than 60% of all deaths in the southern Mediterranean region are attributed to NCDs. Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) caused from about 34.3 to 52% of all deaths, making it the major killer among NCDs. In almost all of the southern Mediterranean countries, CVD risk factors increased with age, affected more women and urban area and were significantly associated with obesity. The Mediterranean dietary pattern, generally recognised, as a healthy diet is still the model for southern Mediterranean population; however, following the rapid process of urbanisation, southern Mediterranean populations have changed their lifestyle and food habits and tend to shift from traditional food habit. Indeed, intake trends illustrate the fall in whole-grain intake with a rise in animal sources and vegetable oils. Dietary energy has been steadily increasing by approximately 1000 kcal per capita per day between 1965 and 2000, exceeding per caput energy requirements. Protein and carbohydrate contribution to the energy intake show only small deviations and fat contribution to the energy intake is low, whereas fibre intake is generally low and that of SFA is high. Also, sedentarity appears to play a critical role in the development of body fat and may be a risk indicator for features of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: The major goal to prevent CVD should begin by preventing obesity through physical exercise and healthy nutrition. The nutritional prevention policy required should encourage population to adhere to the Mediterranean model. FAU - Belahsen, Rekia
Food Tolerance and Quality of Alimentation Following Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy Calibrated with a 50-Fr Bougie: Long-Term Results.; BACKGROUND: Adjustable gastric banding and vertical banded gastroplasty are associated with the worst postoperative food tolerance of all bariatric techniques. However, food tolerance tends to improve over time. The aim of this study was to assess food tolerance and diet quality in patients undergoing a sleeve gastrectomy, 1 and 5 years after surgery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective observational study of all the morbidly obese patients undergoing laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy was performed. Food tolerance was assessed using the Quality of Alimentation questionnaire validated in bariatric patients. RESULTS: Ninety-three patients were analyzed. One year after surgery, mean excess weight loss (EWL) was 81.1% ± 8.3%, and 5 years after surgery, mean EWL was 79.9% ± 6.4%. Preoperatively, 39.8% of patients perceived their eating patterns as good or excellent, 1 year after surgery, 79.6% and 5 years postoperatively, 86%. One year after surgery, the patients reported some difficulty in tolerance of rice, pasta, and red meat. Five years after surgery, these difficulties disappeared and very few patients just refer some tolerance difficulties with red meat. One year after surgery, 10% of the patients reported that they suffered postprandial vomiting often and 22% rarely. Five years postoperatively, only 8% of subjects describe rarely vomiting. CONCLUSION: After sleeve gastrectomy, the patients recognize an improvement in the quality of alimentation. During the first postoperative year, they present tolerance problems with rice, pasta, and red meat, and that disappeared 5 years after surgery. FAU - Ruiz-Tovar, Jaime
Fiber intake and risk of nonfatal acute myocardial infarction.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between fiber intake and risk of acute myocardial infarction (AMI), also according to type and source of fiber, in a Mediterranean country. DESIGN: Hospital-based case-control study. SETTING: Northern Italy. SUBJECTS: A total of 507 cases of first nonfatal AMI and 478 controls in hospital for acute conditions. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were interviewed with a questionnaire that included a validated food frequency section. Odds ratios (OR) were obtained using multiple logistic regression, and adjusted for several recognized risk factors for AMI. Fiber was measured as non-starch polysaccharides. RESULTS: Compared with the lowest one, the OR in the highest tertile was 0.72 for total fiber, 0.64 for soluble fiber, 0.77 for total insoluble fiber, 0.71 for cellulose, 0.81 for insoluble non-cellulosic polysaccharides, 0.82 for vegetable fiber, 0.64 for fruit fiber and 1.11 for cereal fiber, and the estimates were statistically significant for soluble and fruit fiber. When further adjusted for beta-carotene, vitamin C and vitamin E intake, the fruit fiber still showed the strongest inverse relation, although the association was no longer significant. The protective effect of fiber was more marked in, or restricted to, subjects with other AMI risk factors, such as smokers, diabetics and hypertensives. CONCLUSIONS: Though an inverse association between fiber intake and AMI risk appears established, the causality of this association is still open to debate. In this population, cereal fiber derives chiefly from refined grains, and this may explain the lack of protection by this type of fiber. FAU - Negri, E
Chemo-biological evaluation of antidiabetic activity of Mentha arvensis L. and its role in inhibition of advanced glycation end products.; BACKGROUND: There has been enormous curiosity in the development of alternative plant based medicines to control diabetes, oxidative stress and related disorders. One of the therapeutic approaches is to reduce postprandial release of glucose in the blood. Two key enzymes that are involved in reducing postprandial glucose are α-amylase and α-glucosidase. Mentha arvensis L. has been traditionally used by several tribes as a medicinal plant to treat various disorders. OBJECTIVE: The present study was undertaken to test M. arvenisis L. for inhibition of postprandial hyperglycemia. MATERIAL AND METHOD: We performed various in vitro and in vivo tests to evaluate efficacy of M. arvenisis L. for antidiabetic activity (postprandial hyperglycemia). RESULTS: Methanolic extract of M. arvensis L. leaves showed DPPH free radical scavenging activity (more than 78% μg/μl) and high antiglycation potential (more than 90% inhibition of AGE formation). Methanolic extract also showed remarkable inhibitory effects on α-amylase (more than 50% μg/μl) and α-glucosidase (68% μg/μl) and significant inhibition of postprandial hyperglycemia in starch induced diabetic Wistar rats. CONCLUSION: The non-insulin dependent antidiabetic or inhibition of postprandial hyperglycemic activity of methanolic extract of M. arvensis L. leaves was shown by using in vitro and in vivo approaches in the present study.
Olive oil antioxidants and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; Introduction: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is estimated to affect 25% of adult people worldwide. Nowadays, there is no definite treatment for NAFLD. International guidelines define an approach based on lifestyle changes, included a health alimentary regimen. The Mediterranean diet (MD) represents the gold standard in preventive medicine, probably due to the harmonic combination of many elements with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Its prescription is also recommended in patients with NAFLD. Olive oil, as part of MD, is associated with benefits on human health especially regarding the cardiovascular system, obesity, diabetes and related metabolic disorders. Areas covered: An overview of the beneficial effects of olive oil in the prevention and treatment of NAFLD is given. Expert opinion: A large body of evidence emphasizes that olive oil, used as primary source of fat in MD, may play a crucial role in the health benefits of NAFLD patients. However, there are still scarce clinical data that evaluate the direct effect of olive oil in human with NAFLD. FAU - Abenavoli, Ludovico
Serum enterolactone concentrations are low in colon but not in rectal cancer patients.; The dietary lignan metabolite, enterolactone, has been suggested to have anti-cancer functions, and high serum enterolactone concentrations have been associated with decreased risk of breast and prostate cancers. We hypothesized that serum enterolactone concentrations as a marker of plant-based foods are associated with decreased risk in colorectal cancer (CRC). We measured serum enterolactone glucuronide and sulfate concentrations by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry in 115 CRC patients and 76 sex- and age-matched controls and analyzed the results with respect to tumor parameters, clinical parameters, and systemic inflammatory markers. Patients with colon cancer had significant lower serum enterolactone glucuronide and sulfate concentrations than controls (glucuronide: median 3.14 nM vs. 6.32 nM, P < 0.001; sulfate: median 0.13 nM vs. 0.17 nM, P = 0.002), whereas rectal cancer patients had similar enterolactone levels as controls (glucuronide: median 5.39 nM vs. 6.32 nM, P = 0.357; sulfate: median 0.19 nM vs. 0.17 nM, P = 0.452). High serum enterolactone concentrations were associated with low tumor grade, high serum creatinine levels, and concomitant diabetes. In summary, our results suggest that serum enterolactone concentrations are decreased in colon but not in rectal cancer. Further investigations are required to assess whether this reflects an altered lignan metabolism by the colon microbiome. FAU - Tuomisto, Anne
Plant-rich mixed meals based on Palaeolithic diet principles have a dramatic impact on incretin, peptide YY and satiety response, but show little effect on glucose and insulin homeostasis: an acute-effects randomised study.; There is evidence for health benefits from 'Palaeolithic' diets; however, there are a few data on the acute effects of rationally designed Palaeolithic-type meals. In the present study, we used Palaeolithic diet principles to construct meals comprising readily available ingredients: fish and a variety of plants, selected to be rich in fibre and phyto-nutrients. We investigated the acute effects of two Palaeolithic-type meals (PAL 1 and PAL 2) and a reference meal based on WHO guidelines (REF), on blood glucose control, gut hormone responses and appetite regulation. Using a randomised cross-over trial design, healthy subjects were given three meals on separate occasions. PAL2 and REF were matched for energy, protein, fat and carbohydrates; PAL1 contained more protein and energy. Plasma glucose, insulin, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) and peptide YY (PYY) concentrations were measured over a period of 180 min. Satiation was assessed using electronic visual analogue scale (EVAS) scores. GLP-1 and PYY concentrations were significantly increased across 180 min for both PAL1 (P= 0·001 and P< 0·001) and PAL2 (P= 0·011 and P= 0·003) compared with the REF. Concomitant EVAS scores showed increased satiety. By contrast, GIP concentration was significantly suppressed. Positive incremental AUC over 120 min for glucose and insulin did not differ between the meals. Consumption of meals based on Palaeolithic diet principles resulted in significant increases in incretin and anorectic gut hormones and increased perceived satiety. Surprisingly, this was independent of the energy or protein content of the meal and therefore suggests potential benefits for reduced risk of obesity. FAU - Bligh, H Frances J
Diet quality is associated with circulating C-reactive protein but not irisin levels in humans.; OBJECTIVE: Adherence to a healthy diet has been shown to decrease the incidence of obesity and associated comorbidities. C-reactive protein (CRP) is an established inflammatory marker and irisin was recently identified as a molecule which may play a role in energy regulation and obesity but whether diet alters irisin levels remains unknown. We aimed to investigate the association between circulating irisin, leptin, and CRP levels and dietary quantity and quality using the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) and the Alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED). MATERIALS/METHODS: The study evaluated dietary data and biomarker levels of 151 participants between 2009 and 2011 (71 male vs. 80 female, over 35 years old, obese 43.7%). AHEI and aMED scores were calculated based on data derived from self-administered 110-item food-frequency questionnaires estimating usual nutrient intake over the past year. Cross-sectional associations between dietary quantity, quality, body composition by bioelectric impedance, and biomarker levels including irisin, leptin, and CRP after fasting were assessed. RESULTS: CRP, but not irisin, was negatively correlated with AHEI (r=-0.34) and aMED (r=-0.31). Irisin was positively correlated with BMI (r=0.22), fat mass (r=0.21), waist circumference (r=0.24), waist-hip ratio (r=0.20), leptin (r=0.32), and CRP (r=0.25). Participants with the highest AHEI scores tended to have 11.6% lower concentrations of irisin (P for trend =0.09), but they were not significant after adjustment for potential confounders. Better diet quality was associated with lower CRP concentrations (P for trend=0.02) in multivariate model. Percentage of energy from carbohydrate was inversely associated with CRP. CONCLUSIONS: Unlike CRP, irisin is not associated with dietary quality or quantity.
Nut Consumptions as a Marker of Higher Diet Quality in a Mediterranean Population at High Cardiovascular Risk. LID - 10.3390/nu11040754 [doi] LID - 754; BACKGROUND: Nut consumption has been associated with improved nutrient adequacy and diet quality in healthy adult populations but this association has never been explored in individuals at high cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: to assess the associations between consumption of nuts and nutrient adequacy and diet quality in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular risk. DESIGN: baseline assessment of nutritional adequacy in participants (n = 6060, men and women, with ages 55⁻75 years old, with overweight/obesity and metabolic syndrome) in the PREDIMED-PLUS primary cardiovascular prevention randomized trial. METHODS: nut intake was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Participants who reported consuming zero quantity of nuts were classified as 'non-nut consumers'. 'Nut consumers' were participants who reported consuming any quantity of nuts. Nineteen micronutrients were examined (vitamins B1, B2, B3, B6, B12, A, C, D, E and folic acid; Ca, K, P, Mg, Fe, Se, Cr, Zn, and iodine). The proportion of micronutrient inadequacy was estimated using the estimated average requirements (EAR) or adequate intake (AI) cut-points. Diet quality was also assessed using a 17-item Mediterranean dietary questionnaire (Mediterranean diet score, MDS), a carbohydrate quality index (CQI) and a fat quality index (FQI). RESULTS: eighty-two percent of participants were nut consumers (median of nut consumption 12.6 g/day; interquartile range: 6.0⁻25.2). Nut consumers were less likely to be below the EAR for vitamins A, B1, B2, B6, C, D, E, folic acid, and Ca, Mg, Se and Zn than non-nut consumers. Nut consumers were also more likely to be above the AI for K and Cr than non-nut consumers. Nut consumers had lower prevalence of inadequate micronutrient intakes, but also higher CQI, higher FQI, and better scores of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (Mediterranean diet score, MDS). CONCLUSIONS: nut consumers had better nutrient adequacy, diet quality, and adherence to the MedDiet than those non-nut consumers. FAU - Bibiloni, Maria Del Mar
The Mediterranean Diet in the Stroke Belt: A Cross-Sectional Study on Adherence and Perceived Knowledge, Barriers, and Benefits. LID - 10.3390/nu11081847 [doi] LID - 1847; The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is recommended by the current Dietary Guidelines for Americans, yet little is known about the perceived barriers and benefits to the diet in the U.S., particularly in the Stroke Belt (SB). Thus, the purpose of this study was to examine MedDiet adherence and perceived knowledge, benefits, and barriers to the MedDiet in the U.S. A cross-sectional study was conducted on 1447 participants in the U.S., and responses were sorted into geographic groups: the SB, California (CA), and all other US states (OtherUS). Linear models and multivariable linear regression analysis was used for data analysis. Convenience, sensory factors, and health were greater barriers to the MedDiet in the SB group, but not the OtherUS group (p < 0.05). Weight loss was considered a benefit of the MedDiet in the SB (p < 0.05), while price and familiarity were found to be less of a benefit (p < 0.05). Respondents with a bachelor's degree or greater education had greater total MEDAS scores (p < 0.05) and obese participants had a lower MedDiet adherence score (p < 0.05). Our results identify key barriers and benefits of the MedDiet in the SB which can inform targeted MedDiet intervention studies. FAU - Knight, Caroline J
Consumption of Fresh Yellow Onion Ameliorates Hyperglycemia and Insulin Resistance in Breast Cancer Patients During Doxorubicin-Based Chemotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.; PURPOSE: Doxorubicin has been found to be associated with insulin resistance in animal models. Onion, a so-called functional food, is noted to affect the insulin signaling pathway of diabetes in vitro. To our knowledge, this is the first study to investigate the effects of consuming fresh yellow onions on insulin-related indices compared with a low-onion-containing diet among breast cancer (BC) patients treated with doxorubicin. METHODS: This parallel-design, randomized, triple-blind, controlled clinical trial was conducted on 56 eligible BC patients (aged 30-63 years), diagnosed with invasive ductal carcinoma. Following their second cycle of chemotherapy, subjects were assigned in a stratified-random allocation to receive body mass index-dependent 100 to 160 g/d of onion as high onion group (HO; n = 28) or 30 to 40 g/d small onions in low onion group (LO; n = 28) for 8 weeks intervention. Participants, care givers, and those who assessed laboratory analyses were blinded to the assignments (IRCT Registry No.: IRCT2012103111335N1). RESULTS: The compliance level of participants in the analysis was as high as 87.85%. A total of 23 available cases was analyzed in each group. The daily use of HO resulted in a significant decrease in serum fasting blood glucose and insulin levels in comparison with LO, over the period of study ( P < .001). Posttreatment with HO showed a significant decrease in homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance relative to changes in the LO group ( P < .05). A comparison of the changes that occurred throughout pre- and postdose treatments indicated improved quantitative insulin sensitivity check index ( P < .05) and controls on C-peptide in the HO group ( P < .05). CONCLUSIONS: The present study demonstrated the effectiveness of onion to ameliorate hyperglycemia and insulin resistance in BC during doxorubicin-based chemotherapy. FAU - Jafarpour-Sadegh, Farnaz
Effect of Oral Alpha Lipoic Acid in Preventing the Genesis of Canine Diabetic Cataract: A Preliminary Study. LID - 10.3390/vetsci4010018 [doi] LID - 18; Blinding cataract is a significant effect of canine diabetes with 75% of animals affected two years after diagnosis. Lens opacification occurs primarily through the generation of sorbitol, a sugar alcohol, through the action of aldose reductase (AR). The osmotic effect of sorbitol draws water into the lens, causing opacification. Inhibition of AR should thus prevent the generation of cataracts. A topical AR inhibitor has been shown to have this effect, as has the commercially available neutraceutical OcuGLO, containing the AR inhibitor alpha lipoic acid (ALA) together with other plant-based antioxidants. Here a comparison is made between the number of diabetic dogs developing cataracts when given oral ALA alone and those given a mix containing ascorbic acid and tocopherol. Animals given ALA developed significantly fewer lens opacities than those given conventional antioxidants. Cataracts which formed occurred at a significantly greater duration after the commencement of treatment than those on the antioxidant mix. Although this is a small study conducted over a short period, the significant benefit of ALA in diabetic dogs is a reason to evaluate these effects in larger trials. As AR is involved in diabetic retinopathy and neuropathy, this enzyme inhibitor may be worthy of evaluation in preventing these conditions in human diabetics also. FAU - Williams, David L
The Mediterranean diet is associated with a reduction in premature mortality among middle-aged adults.; The available large prospective studies supporting an inverse association between better adherence to the Mediterranean diet and lower mortality have mainly included older adults. It is not clear whether this inverse association is also present among younger individuals at lower mortality risk. Our aim was to assess the association between adherence to the Mediterranean diet and total mortality in middle-aged adults from the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) Project. We followed 15,535 Spanish university graduates for a mean of 6.8 y. Their mean age was 38 ± 12 y, 59.6% were females, and all were initially free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes. A validated FFQ was used to assess dietary habits. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet was categorized into 3 groups according to the Mediterranean Diet Score (low, 0-2 points; moderate, 3-5 points; and high, 6-9 points). The outcome variable was total mortality. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate HR and 95% CI. We adjusted the estimates for sex, age, years of university education, BMI, smoking, physical activity, television watching, history of depression and baseline hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia. We observed 125 deaths during 105,980 person-years of follow-up. The fully adjusted HR for moderate and high adherence were 0.58 (95% CI: 0.34, 0.99; P = 0.05) and 0.38 (95% CI: 0.21, 0.70; P = 0.002), respectively. For each 2-point increment in the Mediterranean Diet Score, the HR of death was 0.72 (95% CI: 0.58, 0.91; P = 0.006). Among highly educated, middle-aged adults, adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet was associated with reduced risk of death. FAU - Martínez-González, Miguel A
The role of dietary fats for preventing cardiovascular disease. A review.; At the present, there is a pandemic of chronic non-communicable disease (NCD) affecting most countries of the world. The World Health Organisation (WHO) has identified the main contributing determinants to be cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, malignant cancer and chronic disease of the respiratory system. Unhealthy nutrition, as well as other adverse lifestyle health behaviour are recognised to be part of the prime factors responsible. According to WHO guidelines, a healthy lifestyle should include substituting saturated fatty acids (SFAs) with polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) together with eliminating trans-fatty acids from the diet and limiting the intake of refined carbohydrates in conjunction with increasing the consumption of fruit, vegetables, nuts and wholegrain cereal products. Recent studies on the relations between CVD prevention and dietary fats have been however unclear. The present study thus aims to provide a review of current evidence and opinion on the type of dietary fat most appropriate for preventing arteriosclerosis. The adoption of dated recommendations on the need to increase dietary PUFA in both Northern Europe and America has led to n-6 PUFAs being predominant in diets as compared to n-3 PUFAs. This disproportion may have caused mortality to rise, due to CVD, as a result of arteriosclerosis in these countries. In contrast, a traditional Mediterranean diet yields a PUFA n-6/n-3 ratio of 2:1, which is much lower than for the aforementioned northern countries. Some authors however consider that assessing this ratio is irrelevant and that decreasing n-6 PUFA may be harmful. Such differences of opinion leads to confusion in adopting an effective approach for arteriosclerosis management regarding dietary n-6/n-3 ratios. Moreover, recent studies have added much controversy to the notion that the characteristics of SFAs are responsible for arteriosclerosis. These found that replacing dietary SFAs with carbohydrates did not reduce the risk of ishaemic heart disease (IHD). Furthermore, changing to monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFAs) gave equivocal findings, but only changing to PUFAs reduced the risk of IHD. This last statement however requires qualification in that dietary n-6 PUFAs increases the risk of IHD. It is only the n-3 PUFAs that are beneficial. Up till now these controversies remain unsolved. It is however noteworthy that adopting a Mediterranean diet reduces IHD mortality. This is explained by a low consumption of SFAs but high intake of unsaturated fatty acids including n-3 PUFAs, and is linked to choosing the right vegetable fats. Oils that contain alpha-linoleic acid (ALA) are to be preferred in the diets of northern countries. FAU - Szostak-Wegierek, Dorota
Mediterranean diet and the metabolic syndrome: the end of the beginning.; The metabolic syndrome is now both a public health and a clinical problem. The most recent estimates from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2003-2006 reported that approximately 34% of adults in the United States have the metabolic syndrome. The relationship between adherence to a Mediterranean diet and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome has been explored in cross-sectional studies with discordant results. Two prospective studies with a follow up of 6 and 7.5 years show that subjects with the highest adherence to a Mediterranean diet had lower cumulative incidence of metabolic syndrome than those with the lowest adherence. Two interventional trials document a positive effect of a Mediterranean diet on reversal of metabolic syndrome. The Mediterranean diet may be also useful to ameliorate liver function tests in obese patients with insulin resistance and diabetes. There is no consensus as to what diet is the optimal one for patients who have the metabolic syndrome. A Mediterranean diet that is moderately lower in carbohydrate (45%), and moderately higher in fat (35-40%), with less than 10% of saturated fat, may be beneficial for ameliorating features of the metabolic syndrome, including effects on insulin sensitivity, blood lipids, and liver function. FAU - Esposito, Katherine
Fats & fatty acids in Indian diets: Time for serious introspection.; Recommended dietary allowances for fat and fatty acid (FA) intakes are set on global standards aimed at prevention of lifestyle diseases. Yet, the fat composition of a diet is both ethnic/region specific as well as income dependent. Indian diets are predominantly vegetarian and relatively low in fat. Furthermore, the main sources of fat are of plant origin rather than animal origin. This results in a diet that is relatively low in saturated FA, high in n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA), and very low in n-3 PUFA. Though this appears as a good dietary composition as per global standards, the undeniable increase in the incidence of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in India begs for an explanation. In this context, the current article is aimed at reopening the debate on fat intakes in Indian diets, with a focus on a balance between fats, carbohydrates and proteins, rather than an emphasis on individual macronutrients. FAU - Mani, Indu
Obesity, Metabolic Syndrome, and Dietary Therapeutical Approaches with a Special Focus on Nutraceuticals (Polyphenols): A Mini-Review.; More than half of all global deaths in 2010 were related to non-communicable diseases, including obesity, cancers, diabetes, and cardiovascular illnesses. It has been suggested that the alarming increase in the incidence of cardiovascular disease is the epidemiologic result of a nutrition transition characterized by dietary patterns featuring an increase in the intake of total fat, cholesterol, sugars, and other refined carbohydrates, concomitant with low consumption of polyunsaturated fatty acids and fiber. Although traditional dietary approaches have proven successful as part of the treatment for obesity and cardiometabolic derangements within clinical trial scenarios, they lack effectiveness in the long term, mainly due to poor compliance. Research has thus turned its attention to nutraceutics, nutrients that have the ability to modulate physiological and pathophysiological molecular mechanisms, thus resulting in favorable health outcomes. Polyphenols have been considered as among the bioactive molecules as they are thought to yield beneficial effects by exerting antioxidant activity; however, there are other--and even more robust--metabolic pathways through which polyphenols enhance cardiovascular health, such as via promoting vasodilatory, anti-atherogenic, antithrombotic, and anti-inflammatory effects. No standard dose has yet been determined, as the effects greatly vary among polyphenols and food sources; thus, there is an imperative need to generate more evidence in order to support dietary recommendations aimed at the prevention and therapeutics of obesity and its associated cardiometabolic diseases. FAU - Ríos-Hoyo, Alejandro
Impact of Nutritional Status on Gastroenteropancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors (GEP-NET) Aggressiveness. LID - 10.3390/nu10121854 [doi] LID - 1854; Neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) are rare neoplasms mostly originating from the gastroenteropancreatic tract (GEP-NETs). Data regarding nutritional status in GEP-NET patients are limited. The aim of the study was to investigate the nutritional status and adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MD) in GEP-NET patients and to correlate them with tumor aggressiveness. A cross-sectional case-control observational study was conducted enrolling 83 patients with well-differentiated G1/G2 GEP-NETs after resection, as well as 83 healthy subjects, age, sex and body mass index-matched. Nutritional status was assessed by evaluating with Bioelectrical Impedance analysis and its phase angle (PhA), adherence to the MD according to PREDIMED score, dietary assessment, anthropometric parameters, and clinico-pathological characteristics. GEP-NET patients consumed less frequently vegetables, fruits, wine, fish/seafood, nuts, and more frequently red/processed meats, butter, cream, margarine, and soda drinks than controls. Patients with more aggressive disease presented a lower adherence to MD according to PREDIMED categories in comparison to G1, localized and free/stable disease status. A smaller PhA value and a lower PREDIMED score were significantly correlated with G2 tumor, metastases, and progressive disease. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study reporting an association between nutritional status and tumor aggressiveness in a selected group of GEP-NETs. Moreover, higher intakes of food of MD, may represent a potential tool for prevention of tumor aggressiveness. Thus, a skilled nutritionist should be an integral part of the multidisciplinary management of GEP-NET patients. FAU - Barrea, Luigi
The effect of soy phytoestrogen supplementation on thyroid status and cardiovascular risk markers in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism: a randomized, double-blind, crossover study.; CONTEXT: There is concern whether soy phytoestrogens may affect thyroid function. If true, soy phytoestrogens may be expected to have a greater impact in subjects with subclinical hypothyroidism. OBJECTIVE: The primary aim was to determine the effect of soy phytoestrogen supplementation on thyroid function, with a secondary aim of assessing the effects on cardiovascular risk indices in patients with subclinical hypothyroidism. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, crossover study in a tertiary care setting. PARTICIPANTS: Sixty patients with subclinical hypothyroidism participated in the study. INTERVENTION: Patients were randomly assigned to either low-dose phytoestrogen (30 g soy protein with 2 mg phytoestrogens, representative of a Western diet) or high-dose phytoestrogen (30 g soy protein with 16 mg phytoestrogens, representative of a vegetarian diet) supplementation for 8 wk, then crossed over after an 8-wk washout period. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was progression to overt hypothyroidism, with secondary outcome measures of blood pressure, insulin resistance, lipids, and highly sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP). RESULTS: Six female patients in the study progressed into overt hypothyroidism with a standardized rate ratio of 3.6 (95% confidence interval, 1.9, 6.2) after 16-mg phytoestrogen supplementation. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased with 16 mg phytoestrogens, whereas systolic pressure alone decreased with 2 mg phytoestrogens. Insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, 3.5 ± 0.09 vs. 2.6 ± 0.08; P < 0.02) and hsCRP (4.9 ± 0.04 vs. 3.9 ± 0.03; P < 0.01) decreased with 16 mg phytoestrogens. Lipid profile remained unchanged. CONCLUSION: There is a 3-fold increased risk of developing overt hypothyroidism with dietary supplementation of 16 mg soy phytoestrogens with subclinical hypothyroidism. However, 16-mg soy phytoestrogen supplementation significantly reduces the insulin resistance, hsCRP, and blood pressure in these patients. FAU - Sathyapalan, Thozhukat
Dietary factors related to the increase of cardiovascular risk factors in traditional Tepehuanos communities from Mexico. A 10 year follow-up study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Tepehuanos Indians, a traditional Mexican ethnic group, followed a vegetarian diet exhibiting a low prevalence of obesity and the absence of diabetes. However, from the year 2000 the traditional diet of the Tepehuanos was modified by the introduction of western food. In this study we examine the changes in their customary diet and its impact on the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in this group. METHODS AND RESULTS: Individuals from 12 Tepehuanos communities were randomly enrolled during 1995-1996 and 2006-2007. Using a 64-item semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire macronutrient intakes were calculated from values of Mexican food-composition tables. Cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia were determined. The median (25, 75 percentile) of total caloric intake (1476 [1083, 1842]-2100 [1366, 2680]kcal/day, p<0.001) as well as the percentage of energy consumed from saturated fat (3.0 [2.7,4.1]-7.2 [3.9,7.4], p<0.0001) and protein (8.2 [7.8,8.9]-16.8 [16.3,17.1], p<0.0001) increased, whereas the percentage of total calorie intake from carbohydrates (66.4 [61.3,69.5]-61.3 [61,68.8], p<0.0001), polyunsaturated fat (11.2 [10.3,12.1]-4.0 [3.9,4.3], p<0.0001), and the polyunsaturated:saturated fat ratio (3.84-0.53%, p<0.0001) decreased during the period of study. The prevalence of obesity (11.1-21.9%, p=0.04), impaired fasting glucose (5.9-14.9%, p=0.04), diabetes (0.0-0.88%, p=0.48), hypertension (1.7-3.4%, p=0.43), triglycerides (2.6-16.7%, p=0.0006), and low HDL-cholesterol (10.2-71.1%, p<0.0001) increased. CONCLUSIONS: Changes in the customary diet introduced in the Tepehuanos communities are related to the increase of cardiovascular risk factors. FAU - Rodríguez-Morán, M
Dietary patterns and cardiometabolic and endocrine plasma biomarkers in US women.; BACKGROUND: Healthful dietary patterns have been associated with lower risks of type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease, but their relations with intermediate markers of cardiometabolic and endocrine health are less established. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH), the alternate Mediterranean diet (aMED), and the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (aHEI) diet-quality scores with cardiometabolic and endocrine plasma biomarkers in US women. DESIGN: The trial was a cross-sectional analysis of 775 healthy women in the Women's Lifestyle Validation Study that was conducted within the NHS (Nurses' Health Study) and NHS II longitudinal cohorts. Multiple linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders were used to estimate associations between quartiles of dietary pattern-adherence scores that were derived from a food-frequency questionnaire and plasma biomarker concentrations that were collected simultaneously. RESULTS: In multivariable models in which highest and lowest quartiles of dietary pattern scores were compared, 1) DASH was significantly associated with higher concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (9%) and sex-hormone binding globulin (SHBG) (21%), and lower concentrations of leptin (28%), triglycerides (19%), and C-peptide (4%) (all P-trend ≤ 0.04); 2) the aMED was associated with 19% higher SHBG and 16% lower triglycerides (P-trend = 0.02 and 0.003, respectively); and 3) the aHEI was associated with significantly higher concentrations of insulin (16%) and SHBG (19%) and lower concentrations of leptin (18%) (all P-trend ≤ 0.02). Further adjustment for body mass index (BMI) attenuated these associations but remained significant for 1) DASH with leptin and triglycerides and 2) the aMED with triglycerides (all P-trend ≤ 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to healthful dietary patterns is associated with favorable concentrations of many cardiometabolic and endocrine biomarkers. These relations are mediated in part by BMI.
A review on promising natural agents effective on hyperlipidemia.; Hyperlipidemia is a prevalent disease and a major component of the metabolic syndrome resulting from various factors. This disease increases morbidity and mortality when combined with other prevalent diseases such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases. The side effects of the current lipid-lowering drugs have increased the tendency to move toward traditional and alternative treatments. Epidemiological observations indicate that using alternative treatments, consumption of medicinal plants, diet, and consumption of fruits have had satisfactory results on the effects of hyperlipidemia in many societies. It should be noted that in majority of societies, even developed countries, the tendency toward eating lipid-lowering medicinal plants has increased extensively. Using these plants especially when common remedies cannot control the disease is significant. Although consumption of medicinal plants by hyperlipidemic patients may show improvement in disease state, drug interaction and side effects may cause complications in disease control. Therefore, in this review, apart from introducing some of the reliable plants effective in inhibition and decrease of hyperlipidemia, the possibility of their intoxication and drug interaction is also presented.
Screening a coastal population in Southern Italy: iodine deficiency and prevalence of goitre, nutritional aspects and cardiovascular risk factors.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: To evaluate the prevalence of goitre by means of urinary iodine excretion, palpatory and ultrasonographic thyroid examinations in a heterogeneous population living by the sea. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used a special self-administered questionnaire to evaluate thyroid size, iodine intake, eating habits and cardiovascular risk factors in 600 subjects with a mean age of 45 +/- 17 years: 253 men (42.3%) and 347 women (57.7%). Urinary iodine excretion was low (72.1 +/- 15.7 microg/L; median 71.2) and associated with ultrasonographic evidence of an enlarged thyroid (16%) or structural thyroid abnormalities (30%), thus allowing us to define the Salerno Gulf as a mild-moderate area of endemic goitre. All of the subjects ate a Mediterranean diet, with a mean of two portions of fish/week. The cardiovascular risk factors considered were obesity, cigarette smoking, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia and diabetes, the prevalences of which were in line with those reported in other studies of similar age-matched populations. CONCLUSIONS: The moderate intake of fish and the consumption of a Mediterranean diet did not prevent goitre. Iodine deficiency and subsequent goitre endemia are also present at sea level, probably because of a diet based on local products grown on soil with a low iodine content or possible seawater, soil and air environmental pollution that may interfere with the availability of iodine. The assessment of iodine deficiency should therefore involve the entire population and not only subjects living far from the sea. FAU - Valentino, R
Metabolically healthy obesity and health-related quality of life: A prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Metabolically healthy obesity (MHO) has been associated with lower risk of diabetes than obesity with cardiometabolic abnormalities (CA). However, the effect of MHO on other health outcomes is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of metabolic status across categories of body mass index (BMI) with health-related quality of life (HRQL). METHODS: Prospective cohort with 4397 individuals aged ≥18 years, recruited in 2008-2010 and followed-up to 2012 in Spain. Normal weight was defined as BMI <25, overweight as BMI 25-29.9, and obesity as BMI ≥30 kg/m(2). Two metabolic statuses were defined: healthy (0-1 CA) and unhealthy (≥2 CA). HRQL was measured with the physical component summary (PCS) and the mental component summary (MCS) of the SF-12 questionnaire. The association of joint categories of BMI and metabolic status at baseline with HRQL at 2012 was examined using linear regression, and adjusted for the main confounders. RESULTS: Compared to healthy normal-weight subjects, the unhealthy normal-weight and the healthy overweight individuals had a similar PCS score; however, the PCS was lower (worse) among those with unhealthy overweight (-1.79; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -2.66 to -0.94), with MHO (-1.45; 95% CI: -2.67 to -0.24) and unhealthy obesity (-1.97; 95% CI: -2.88 to -1.05). Being overweight or obese was not associated with the MCS score regardless of metabolic status. CONCLUSION: Metabolically unhealthy overweight, as well as obesity regardless of metabolic status, showed a worse physical HRQL. These results suggest that both obesity and CA should be addressed to improve HRQL.
Understanding local Mediterranean diets: a multidisciplinary pharmacological and ethnobotanical approach.; Epidemiological data indicate a beneficial effect of Mediterranean diets on human health, especially on the prevalence of cardiovascular disease. These observations are supported by recent intervention studies. However, very little is known about the current role of local Mediterranean food products, which are consumed on a less regular basis and their contribution to a healthy diet. The European consortium "Local Food-Nutraceuticals" collected 127 locally consumed wild or semi-wild plants in three Mediterranean countries, i.e. Greece, Italy, and Spain, in order to assess their ethnobotanical features as well as their biological activities. The project also includes a second line of research, the study of local conceptions about these food resources. All pharmacological assays were conducted with ethanolic extracts prepared from the dried plant material. The biological activities of the extracts were assessed with the following 12 different assays covering a broad range of mechanisms considered crucial in the pathology of chronic, aging-related diseases. Four antioxidant tests: DPPH scavenging, prevention of oxyhaemoglobin bleaching, prevention of lipid peroxidation (malondialdehyde formation), and protection from DNA damage (Comet assay); three enzyme inhibition tests: inhibition of xanthine oxidase, inhibition of myeloperoxidase-catalysed guaiacol oxidation as well as the inhibition of acetylcholine esterase; one test investigating the inhibition of cytokine-induced cell activation (including the extracts' potential cytotoxicity); one assay measuring the anti-proliferation potential; one test assessing the anti-diabetic activity (PPARgamma) as well as one assay investigating the extracts' effect on mood disorder-related biochemical parameters (hSERT). Furthermore, the polyphenol content of all extracts was determined using the Folin-Ciocalteaus method. The assays revealed diverse biological effects for the tested extracts ranging from no activity to almost complete inhibition/activation. Moreover, the experimental matrix led to the identification of a sub-set of extracts, i.e. Berberis vulgaris, Reichardia picroides, Scandix australis, Satureja montana, Thymus piperella, Lythrum salicaria and Vitis vinifera, showing high activity in a broad range of assays. In summary, the in vitro observed modulations and effects exerted by extracts derived from local food plants suggest that these plants may contribute to the observed better aging of rural Mediterranean populations.
Mechanisms of action of phenolic compounds in olive.; Olive oil, an oil rich in monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFCs) and minor constituents including phenolic compounds, is a major component of the Mediterranean diet. The potential health benefits of the Mediterranean diet were highlighted by the seminal Seven Countries Study, and more contemporary research has identified olive oil as a major element responsible for these effects. It is emerging that the phenolic compounds are the most likely candidates accounting for the cardioprotective and cancer preventative effects of extra virgin olive oil (EVOO). In particular, the phenolic compound, hydroxytyrosol has been identified as one of the most potent antioxidants found in olive oil. This review will briefly consider historical aspects of olive oil research and the biological properties of phenolic compounds in olive oil will be discussed. The focus of the discussion will be related to the mechanisms of action of hydroxytyrosol. Studies have demonstrated that hydroxytyrosol induces apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in cancer cells. Further, research has shown that hydroxytyrosol can prevent cardiovascular disease by reducing the expression of adhesion molecules on endothelial cells and preventing the oxidation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL). The molecular mechanisms accounting for these effects are reviewed. FAU - Rafehi, Haloom
Risk Factors Associated With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Indians: A Case-Control Study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: NAFLD has today emerged as the leading cause of liver disorder. There is scanty data on risk factors associated with NAFLD emanating from India. The present study was conducted to identify the risk factors associated with NAFLD. METHODS: 464 consecutive NAFLD patients and 181 control patients were subjected to detailed questionnaire regarding their lifestyle and dietary risk factors. Anthropometric measurements were obtained and biochemical assays were done. Comparison of different variables was made between NAFLD patients and controls using principal component analysis (PCA). RESULTS: NAFLD patients had higher BMI [26.25 ± 3.80 vs 21.46 ± 3.08 kg/m(2), P = 0.000], waist-hip ratio [0.96 ± 0.12 vs 0.90 ± 0.08, P = 0.000] and waist-height ratio [0.57 ± 0.09 vs 0.50 ± 0.06, P = 0.000] compared to controls. Fasting blood sugar [101.88 ± 31.57 vs 90.87 ± 10.74 mg/dl] and triglyceride levels [196.16 ± 102.66 vs 133.20 ± 58.37 mg/dl] were significantly higher in NAFLD group. HOMA-IR was also higher in NAFLD group [2.53 ± 2.57 vs 1.16 ± 0.58, P = 0.000]. Majority (90.2%) of NAFLD patients were sedentary. Family history of metabolic syndrome (MS) was positively correlated with NAFLD. Dietary risk factors associated with NAFLD were non-vegetarian diet [35% vs 23%, P = 0.002], fried food [35% vs 9%, P = 0.000], spicy foods [51% vs 15%, P = 0.001] and tea [55% vs 39%, P = 0.001]. Diabetes, hypertension, snoring and sleep apnoea syndrome were common factors in NAFLD. On multivariate PCA, waist/height ratio and BMI were significantly higher in the NAFLD patients. CONCLUSION: The risk factors associated with NAFLD are sedentary lifestyle, obesity family history of MS, consumption of meat/fish, spicy foods, fried foods and tea. Other risk factors associated with NAFLD included snoring and MS. FAU - Singh, Shivaram P
10-year survival in coronary artery bypass grafting surgery patients in Tehran heart center, coronary outcome measurement study: Predictive power of dietary inflammatory index and dietary antioxidant quality.; OBJECTIVES: There is a higher rate of mortality from cardiovascular disease (CVD) in Iran and the mortality rate increases even after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between mortality and survival in patients 10 y after CABG, using the dietary inflammatory index (DII) and dietary antioxidant indices. METHODS: In the current prospective cohort study, 450 patients with CVD who were referred to the Tehran Heart Center and who underwent an isolated CABG during the 6-mo period between April and September 2006 were enrolled. Anthropometric measurements and clinical assessments were performed. Biochemical assay, including hemoglobin A1c, serum lipids, creatinine, blood urea nitrogen, lipoprotein(a), albumin, and C-reactive protein, were also measured. DII, dietary antioxidant quality (DAQ) scores, and dietary Mediterranean quality index (MEDQI) were measured using the data obtained from a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Survival analysis was performed using the Kaplan-Meir method followed by log-rank test. The association between all-cause mortality and study parameters was performed with Cox proportional hazard model. RESULTS: According to the present results, older ages, male sex, lower educational attainment, opium use, previous history of diabetes and myocardial infarction, and higher hematocrit and creatinine concentrations were associated with higher mortality rates. Among nutritional indices, a high inflammatory diet was a positive predictor of mortality, whereas a higher DAQ score was a negative predictor (P < 0.05). No association was found between the MEDQI score and mortality rate among patients. CONCLUSION: According to the present findings, a diet high in inflammatory foods and low in antioxidant content is a potent predictor of mortality 10 y post-CABG. Therefore, reducing the inflammatory potential of the diet and improving its antioxidant content will be a preventive strategy for reducing mortality after CABG.
Amaranth oil application for coronary heart disease and hypertension.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the Nation's leading killer for both men and women among all racial and ethnic groups. Development and progression of CVD is linked to the presence of risk factors such as hyperlipidemia, hypertension, obesity, and diabetes mellitus. It is known that cholesterol is an indicator of increased risk of heart attack and stroke. Low-density cholesterol (LDL) above 130 mg/dl high-density cholesterol (HDL) cholesterol below 35 mg/dl and total blood cholesterol above 200 mg/dl are indicators of problematic cholesterol. Proper ranges of cholesterol are important in the prevention of CVD. It has been suggested that a reduction in the consumption of saturated and an increase in unsaturated fatty acids is beneficial and prevents CVD. Amaranth grain contains tocotrienols and squalene compounds, which are known to affect cholesterol biosynthesis. The cholesterol precursors squalene, lanosterol and other methyl sterols, reflect cholesterol synthesis 123, whereas plant sterols and cholestanol, a metabolite of cholesterol, reflect the efficiency of cholesterol absorption in normal and hyperlipidemic populations 456. Qureshi with co-authors 7 showed that feeding of chickens with amaranth oil decreases blood cholesterol levels, which are supported by the work of others 8. Previously, we have shown that Amaranth oil modulates the cell membrane fluidity 9 and stabilized membranes that could be one reason as to why it is beneficial to those who consume it. It is known that in hypertension, the cell membrane is defective and hence, the movement of the Na and K ions across the cell membranes could defective that could contribute to the development of increase in blood pressure. Based on these properties of amaranth oil we hypothesize that it could be of significant benefit for patients with CVD. FAU - Martirosyan, Danik M
Influence of lifestyle factors and staple foods from the Mediterranean diet on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease among older individuals with metabolic syndrome features.; OBJECTIVE: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common cause of chronic liver morbidity. This condition often is accompanied by obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome (MetS). The aim of this study was to evaluate the connection between lifestyle factors and NAFLD in individuals with MetS. METHODS: A cross-sectional study with 328 participants (55-75 y of age) diagnosed with MetS participating in the PREDIMED-Plus trial was conducted. NAFLD status was evaluated using the non-invasive hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Sociodemographic, clinical, and dietary data were collected. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet (mainly assessed by the consumption of olive oil, nuts, legumes, whole grain foods, fish, vegetables, fruits, and red wine) and physical activity were assessed using validated questionnaires. RESULTS: Linear regression analyses revealed that HSI values tended to be lower with increasing physical activity tertiles (T2, β = -1.47; 95% confidence interval [CI], -2.73 to -0.20; T3, β = -1.93; 95% CI, -3.22 to -0.65 versus T1, P(trend) = 0.001) and adherence to the Mediterranean diet was inversely associated with HSI values: (moderate adherence β = -0.70; 95% CI, -1.92 to 0.53; high adherence β = -1.57; 95% CI, -3.01 to -0.13 versus lower, P(trend) = 0.041). Higher tertiles of legume consumption were inversely associated with the highest tertile of HSI (T2, relative risk ratio [RRR], 0.45; 95% CI, 0.22-0.92; P = 0.028; T3, RRR, 0.48; 95% CI, 0.24-0.97; P = 0.041 versus T1). CONCLUSION: Physical activity, adherence to the Mediterranean diet, and consumption of legumes were inversely associated with a non-invasive marker of NAFLD in individuals with MetS. This data can be useful in implementing precision strategies aimed at the prevention, monitoring, and management of NAFLD.
Mediterranean diet and inflammatory response in myocardial infarction survivors.; BACKGROUND: Within the framework of the multi-centre AIRGENE project we studied the association of the Mediterranean diet on plasma levels of various inflammatory markers, in myocardial infarction (MI) survivors from six geographic areas in Europe. METHODS: From 2003 to 2004, 1003 patients were repeatedly clinically examined. On every clinical visit (on average 5.8 times), blood EDTA-plasma samples were collected. High sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin (IL)-6 and fibrinogen concentrations were measured based on standardized procedures. Dietary habits were evaluated through a semi-quantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ), whereas adherence to the Mediterranean diet was assessed by a diet score. RESULTS: A protective effect of adherence to the Mediterranean diet was found. For each unit of increasing adherence to the Mediterranean diet score there was a reduction of 3.1% in the average CRP levels (95% CI 0.5-5.7%) and of 1.9% in the average IL-6 levels (95% CI 0.5-3.4%) after adjusting for centre, age, sex, body mass index, physical activity, smoking status, diabetes and medication intake. No significant association was observed between the diet score and fibrinogen levels. Moderate intake of red wine (1-12 wine glasses per month) was associated with lower levels of CRP, IL-6 and fibrinogen. CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to the traditional Mediterranean diet was associated with a reduction of the concentrations of inflammatory markers in MI survivors. This may, in part, explain the beneficial effects of this diet on various chronic diseases such as atherosclerosis and cancer, and expands its role to secondary prevention level. FAU - Panagiotakos, Demosthenes B
A large randomized individual and group intervention conducted by registered dietitians increased adherence to Mediterranean-type diets: the PREDIMED study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effectiveness of an intervention aimed to increase adherence to a Mediterranean diet. DESIGN: A 12-month assessment of a randomized primary prevention trial. SUBJECTS/SETTINGS: One thousand five hundred fifty-one asymptomatic persons aged 55 to 80 years, with diabetes or > or =3 cardiovascular risk factors. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomly assigned to a control group or two Mediterranean diet groups. Those allocated to the two Mediterranean diet groups received individual motivational interviews every 3 months to negotiate nutrition goals, and group educational sessions on a quarterly basis. One Mediterranean diet group received free virgin olive oil (1 L/week), the other received free mixed nuts (30 g/day). Participants in the control group received verbal instructions and a leaflet recommending the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III dietary guidelines. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Changes in food and nutrient intake after 12 months. STATISTICAL ANALYSES: Paired t tests (for within-group changes) and analysis of variance (for between-group changes) were conducted. RESULTS: Participants allocated to both Mediterranean diets increased their intake of virgin olive oil, nuts, vegetables, legumes, and fruits (P<0.05 for all within- and between-group differences). Participants in all three groups decreased their intake of meat and pastries, cakes, and sweets (P<0.05 for all). Fiber, monounsaturated fatty acid, and polyunsaturated fatty acid intake increased in the Mediterranean diet groups (P<0.005 for all). Favorable, although nonsignificant, changes in intake of other nutrients occurred only in the Mediterranean diet groups. CONCLUSIONS: A 12-month behavioral intervention promoting the Mediterranean diet can favorably modify an individual's overall food pattern. The individual motivational interventions together with the group sessions and the free provision of high-fat and palatable key foods customary to the Mediterranean diet were effective in improving the dietary habits of participants in this trial. FAU - Zazpe, Itziar
Mediterranean diet improves cognition: the PREDIMED-NAVARRA randomised trial.; OBJECTIVE: Previous observational studies reported beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on cognitive function, but results were inconsistent. We assessed the effect on cognition of a nutritional intervention using MedDiets in comparison with a low-fat control diet. METHODS: We assessed 522 participants at high vascular risk (44.6% men, age 74.6 ± 5.7 years at cognitive evaluation) enrolled in a multicentre, randomised, primary prevention trial (PREDIMED), after a nutritional intervention comparing two MedDiets (supplemented with either extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) or mixed nuts) versus a low-fat control diet. Global cognitive performance was examined by Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Clock Drawing Test (CDT) after 6.5 years of nutritional intervention. Researchers who assessed the outcome were blinded to group assignment. We used general linear models to control for potential confounding. RESULTS: After adjustment for sex, age, education, Apolipoprotein E genotype, family history of cognitive impairment/dementia, smoking, physical activity, body mass index, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, diabetes, alcohol and total energy intake, participants allocated to the MedDiet+EVOO showed higher mean MMSE and CDT scores with significant differences versus control (adjusted differences: +0.62 95% CI +0.18 to +1.05, p=0.005 for MMSE, and +0.51 95% CI +0.20 to +0.82, p=0.001 for CDT). The adjusted means of MMSE and CDT scores were also higher for participants allocated to the MedDiet+Nuts versus control (adjusted differences: +0.57 (95% CI +0.11 to +1.03), p=0.015 for MMSE and +0.33 (95% CI +0.003 to +0.67), p=0.048 for CDT). These results did not differ after controlling for incident depression. CONCLUSIONS: An intervention with MedDiets enhanced with either EVOO or nuts appears to improve cognition compared with a low-fat diet. ISRCTN:35739639. FAU - Martínez-Lapiscina, Elena H
A Review on Antidiabetic Properties of Indian Mangrove Plants with Reference to Island Ecosystem.; Mangrove ecosystem has many potential species that are traditionally used by the coastal communities for their traditional cure for health ailments as evidenced by their extensive uses to treat hepatic disorders, diabetes, gastrointestinal disorders, anti-inflammation, anticancer, and skin diseases, etc. In recent times, the diabetes mellitus (DM), a serious physiological disorder all over the world, occur due to the relative or complete deficiency of insulin in the body, characterized by an abnormally high blood glucose level. India has a rich traditional knowledge on plant-based drug formulations that are protective and curative for many health ailments. In this context, we aimed to compile the works done on the antidiabetic activities of mangrove species from Indian coastal regions especially on Andaman and Nicobar Islands as well as some recent works reported from other countries. A total of 126 published articles and 31 mangrove species related pieces of information were gathered with reference to antidiabetic properties of mangroves. This review summarizes the chemical structures, molecular formula, molecular weight, and their biological activities with an aspiration that it might be helpful for the future bioprospecting industries who are interested in develop the natural drugs for DM.
Adherence to an Energy-restricted Mediterranean Diet Score and Prevalence of Cardiovascular Risk Factors in the PREDIMED-Plus: A Cross-sectional Study.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVES: The cardiovascular benefits of the Mediterranean diet have usually been assessed under assumptions of ad libitum total energy intake (ie, no energy restriction). In the recently launched PREDIMED-Plus, we conducted exploratory analyses to study the baseline associations between adherence to an energy-restricted Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF). METHODS: Cross-sectional assessment of all PREDIMED-Plus participants (6874 older adults with overweight/obesity and metabolic syndrome) at baseline. The participants were assessed by their usual primary care physicians to ascertain the prevalence of 4 CVRF (hypertension, obesity, diabetes, and dyslipidemia). A 17-point PREDIMED-Plus score was used to measure adherence to the MedDiet. Multivariable models were fitted to estimate differences in means and prevalence ratios for individual and clustered CVRF. RESULTS: Better adherence to a MedDiet pattern was significantly associated with lower average triglyceride levels, body mass index, and waist circumference. Compared with low adherence (≤ 7 points in the 17-point score), better adherence to the MedDiet (11-17 points) showed inverse associations with hypertension (prevalence ratio=0.97; 95%CI, 0.94-1.00) and obesity (prevalence ratio=0.96; 95%CI, 0.92-1.00), but positive associations with diabetes (prevalence ratio=1.19; 95%CI, 1.07-1.32). Compared with the lowest third of adherence, women in the upper third showed a significantly lower prevalence of the clustering of 3 or more CVRF (prevalence ratio=0.91; 95%CI, 0.83-0.98). CONCLUSIONS: Among participants at high cardiovascular risk, better adherence to a MedDiet showed significant inverse associations with CVRF among women, and improved lipid profiles and adiposity measures. This trial was registered in 2014 at the International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial Registry (ISRCTN89898870).
Nutrition Interventions in Chronic Kidney Disease.; Dietary modification is recommended in the management of chronic kidney disease (CKD). Individuals with CKD often have multiple comorbidities, such as high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease, for which dietary modification is also recommended. As CKD progresses, nutrition plays an important role in mitigating risk for cardiovascular disease and decline in kidney function. The objectives of nutrition interventions in CKD include management of risk factors, ensuring optimal nutritional status throughout all stages of CKD, preventing buildup of toxic metabolic products, and avoiding complications of CKD. Recommended dietary changes should be feasible, sustainable, and suited for patients' food preferences and clinical needs.
Monitoring Vitamin B(12) in Women Treated with Metformin for Primary Prevention of Breast Cancer and Age-Related Chronic Diseases. LID - 10.3390/nu11051020 [doi] LID - 1020; Metformin (MET) is currently being used in several trials for cancer prevention or treatment in non-diabetics. However, long-term MET use in diabetics is associated with lower serum levels of total vitamin B(12). In a pilot randomized controlled trial of the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and MET, whose participants were characterized by different components of metabolic syndrome, we tested the effect of MET on serum levels of B(12), holo transcobalamin II (holo-TC-II), and methylmalonic acid (MMA). The study was conducted on 165 women receiving MET or placebo for three years. Results of the study indicate a significant overall reduction in both serum total B(12) and holo-TC-II levels according with MET-treatment. In particular, in the MET group 26 of 81 patients and 10 of the 84 placebo-treated subjects had B(12) below the normal threshold (<221 pmol/L) at the end of the study. Considering jointly all B(12), Holo-TC-II, and MMA, 13 of the 165 subjects (10 MET and 3 placebo-treated) had at least two deficits in the biochemical parameters at the end of the study, without reporting clinical signs. Although our results do not affect whether women remain in the trial, B(12) monitoring for MET-treated individuals should be implemented. FAU - Mastroianni, Antonio
Nutrition attributes and health effects of pistachio nuts.; Epidemiological and/or clinical trials have suggested that nut consumption has a beneficial impact on health outcomes such as hypertension, diabetes, CVD, cancer, other inflammatory conditions and total mortality. Nuts are nutrient-dense foods with a healthy fatty acid profile, as well as provide other bioactive compounds with recognised health benefits. Among nuts, pistachios have a lower fat and energy content and the highest levels of K, γ-tocopherol, vitamin K, phytosterols, xanthophyll carotenoids, certain minerals (Cu, Fe and Mg), vitamin B₆ and thiamin. Pistachios have a high antioxidant and anti-inflammatory potential. The aforementioned characteristics and nutrient mix probably contribute to the growing body of evidence that consumption of pistachios improves health. The present review examines the potential health effects of nutrients and phytochemicals in pistachios, as well as epidemiological and clinical evidence supporting these health benefits. FAU - Bulló, M
[Evaluation of a diet and nutritional status of breast feeding women on the basis of a questionnaire study].; The subjects were 120 breast-feeding mothers whose children were admitted for outpatient or inpatient treatment at the Institute of Mother and Child in Warsaw, between March, 1998 and July, 1999. A special nutritional questionnaire was elaborated with the aim to evaluate subjects' nutritional status as well as their diet. All subjects completed the questionnaire and then selected parameters of their nutritional status and diet were evaluated. For 43 of the women under study it was the first month of lactation, for 33--the fourth month, for 23--the sixth and 21 women had been breast-feeding for more then six months. The subjects were of different age, coming from both urban and rural areas. In the studied group the nutritional status, i.e. body mass indices (BMI) before pregnancy, at the end of pregnancy and during lactation were within the normal range. 65 of the subjects had changed their diet due to pregnancy and 52 due to lactation. Women declared to be used to eating 3-4 meals per day. Having additional snacks was declared by 62.5%. Liquids' intake was on average about 2.5 l/24 hr, range 2-31. Average daily energy intake--2938 kcal/12,980 kJ, the lowest--in a diet of a mother with diabetes, the highest--in a diet of a vegetarian mother. The proportion of protein in energy intake was 15.1%, whereas fat--36.3%. Dietary practices of women under study in the period of lactation were well adjusted to nutritional recommendations for this group, as evidenced by indices of nutritional status (i.e. BMI). Among 120 women, 71 were taking supplementary preparations of vitamins and minerals. It turned out that a level of some vitamins in a daily food intake together with supplementation was definitely too high. FAU - Weker, H
Relationship between Mediterranean diet and time in therapeutic range in atrial fibrillation patients taking vitamin K antagonists.; AIMS: It is unclear if atrial fibrillation (AF) patients treated with oral vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) must follow a specific diet to avoid interference with anticoagulation. The aim of this study was to assess if Mediterranean diet (Med-Diet) may affect quality of anticoagulation, as expressed by the time in therapeutic range (TTR). METHODS AND RESULTS: A prospective observational study including 553 non-valvular AF patients. Time in therapeutic range was calculated for all patients treated with VKAs, and adherence to Med-Diet was evaluated with a validated nine-item dietary questionnaire. Cardiovascular events (CVEs), such as cardiovascular death and fatal/non-fatal stroke or myocardial infarction, and bleedings were recorded. The median follow-up was 31.6 months. The median number of international normalized ratios for each patient was 63.0 (35.0-98.0) and 38 730 blood samples were analysed. In the whole cohort, the mean TTR was 65.5 ± 17.8%. The mean Med-Diet score was 5.19 ± 1.6, with frequent use of olive oil (90.1%), fruits (88.4%), and vegetables (69.3%) and low meat intake (71.2%). There were no differences among tertiles of Med-Diet score regarding TTR. A multivariable linear regression analysis showed that diabetes (β: -0.105, P = 0.015) and the use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor/angiotensin receptor blockers (β: 0.153, P < 0.001) were associated with TTR. Compared with those without, AF patients with a CVE had significantly lower TTR (65.9 ± 17.9 vs. 59.6 ± 15.9, P = 0.029) and Med-Diet score (5.2 ± 1.5 vs. 4.4 ± 1.9, P = 0.004). A reduction of CVE was observed for each point of the Med-Diet score (hazard ratio 0.790, P = 0.017). CONCLUSION: In our cohort of AF patients, Med-Diet is not associated with changes in TTR, and thus can be recommended for AF patients who are taking VKAs.
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and offspring adiposity and cardiometabolic traits in childhood.; BACKGROUND: In adults, adherence to the Mediterranean diet has been inversely associated with cardiovascular risk, but the extent to which diet in pregnancy is associated with offspring adiposity is unclear. We aimed to investigate the association between adherence to Mediterranean diet in pregnancy and offspring cardiometabolic traits in two pregnancy cohorts. METHODS: We studied 997 mother-child pairs from Project Viva in Massachusetts, USA, and 569 pairs from the Rhea study in Crete, Greece. We estimated adherence to the Mediterranean diet with an a priori defined score (MDS) of nine foods and nutrients (0 to 9). We measured child weight, height, waist circumference, skin-fold thicknesses, blood pressure, and blood levels of lipids, c-reactive protein and adipokines in mid-childhood (median 7.7 years) in Viva, and in early childhood (median 4.2 years) in Rhea. We calculated cohort-specific effects and pooled effects estimates with random-effects models for cohort and child age. RESULTS: In Project Viva, the mean (SD, standard deviation) MDS was 2.7 (1.6); in Rhea it was 3.8 (1.7). In the pooled analysis, for each 3-point increment in the MDS, offspring BMI z-score was lower by 0.14 units (95% CI, -0.15 to -0.13), waist circumference by 0.39 cm (95% CI, -0.64 to -0.14), and the sum of skin-fold thicknesses by 0.63 mm (95% CI, -0.98 to -0.28). We also observed lower offspring systolic (-1.03 mmHg; 95% CI, -1.65 to -0.42) and diastolic blood pressure (-0.57 mmHg; 95% CI, -0.98 to -0.16). CONCLUSION: Greater adherence to Mediterranean diet during pregnancy may protect against excess offspring cardiometabolic risk.
Sulfur in human nutrition and applications in medicine.; Because the role of elemental sulfur in human nutrition has not been studied extensively, it is the purpose of this article to emphasize the importance of this element in humans and discuss the therapeutic applications of sulfur compounds in medicine. Sulfur is the sixth most abundant macromineral in breast milk and the third most abundant mineral based on percentage of total body weight. The sulfur-containing amino acids (SAAs) are methionine, cysteine, cystine, homocysteine, homocystine, and taurine. Dietary SAA analysis and protein supplementation may be indicated for vegan athletes, children, or patients with HIV, because of an increased risk for SAA deficiency in these groups. Methylsulfonylmethane (MSM), a volatile component in the sulfur cycle, is another source of sulfur found in the human diet. Increases in serum sulfate may explain some of the therapeutic effects of MSM, DMSO, and glucosamine sulfate. Organic sulfur, as SAAs, can be used to increase synthesis of S-adenosylmethionine (SAMe), glutathione (GSH), taurine, and N-acetylcysteine (NAC). MSM may be effective for the treatment of allergy, pain syndromes, athletic injuries, and bladder disorders. Other sulfur compounds such as SAMe, dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO), taurine, glucosamine or chondroitin sulfate, and reduced glutathione may also have clinical applications in the treatment of a number of conditions such as depression, fibromyalgia, arthritis, interstitial cystitis, athletic injuries, congestive heart failure, diabetes, cancer, and AIDS. Dosages, mechanisms of action, and rationales for use are discussed. The low toxicological profiles of these sulfur compounds, combined with promising therapeutic effects, warrant continued human clinical trails. FAU - Parcell, Stephen
Iron metabolism in obesity: how interaction between homoeostatic mechanisms can interfere with their original purpose. Part II: epidemiological and historic aspects of the iron/obesity interaction.; The change from a mainly vegetarian fare to meat consumption went along with brain growth and increased insulin resistance to improve brain's glucose supply. Meat consumption increased iron bioavailability and, thus, physical and mental fitness. The "predation-release-hypothesis" proposes that group coordination, arms and fire abolished the survival advantage of lean individuals from predation. The "thrifty gene-hypothesis", in contrast, proposes that surviving repeated episodes of starvation increased efficiency of food utilization in the offspring; they learned to utilize every available calorie. As a consequence of either mechanism, improved food security will increase prevalence of obesity along with that of its fatal consequences, such as diabetes, hypertension, heart diseases, and cancer. Thus, improved food security collides with the biologically evolved mechanisms to store excessive calories in preparation for a famine that never came. The crash between homoeostatic mechanisms and human intervention caused the presently observed pandemia of obesity and explains why it is so difficult to avoid, in spite of its well known and often fatal consequences.
Mineral Properties and Dietary Value of Raw and Processed Stinging Nettle (Urtica dioica L.).; Stinging nettle (Urtica dioica L.) has a long history of usage and is currently receiving attention as a source of fiber and alternative medicine. In many cultures, nettle is also eaten as a leafy vegetable. In this study, we focused on nettle yield (edible portion) and processing effects on nutritive and dietary properties. Actively growing shoots were harvested from field plots and leaves separated from stems. Leaf portions (200 g) were washed and processed by blanching (1 min at 96-98°C) or cooking (7 min at 98-99°C) with or without salt (5 g·L(-1)). Samples were cooled immediately after cooking and kept in frozen storage before analysis. Proximate composition, mineral, amino acid, and vitamin contents were determined, and nutritive value was estimated based on 100 g serving portions in a 2000 calorie diet. Results show that processed nettle can supply 90%-100% of vitamin A (including vitamin A as β-carotene) and is a good source of dietary calcium, iron, and protein. We recommend fresh or processed nettle as a high-protein, low-calorie source of essential nutrients, minerals, and vitamins particularly in vegetarian, diabetic, or other specialized diets. FAU - Rutto, Laban K
Sociodemographic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome in a Mediterranean population.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the sociodemographic risk factors associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the Mediterranean population of Catalonia, Spain. DESIGN AND SETTING: Data from the cross-sectional, population-based 2002-2003 Health Survey of Catalonia were analysed. The survey used a structured questionnaire to collect information on demographics, lifestyle and medical history. In a sub-sample of the original survey population anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured and blood samples were taken to determine HDL cholesterol, TAG and fasting glucose. SUBJECTS: The analysis included the 1,104 individuals aged 18-74 years from this sub-sample who had complete information on all variables necessary to define MetS using the National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III (ATP III) and the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. RESULTS: MetS prevalence was 28.5 % and 24.8 % according to IDF and ATP III criteria, respectively. MetS was significantly (P = 0.05) more common in males than females. MetS prevalence increased significantly (P<0.001) with age and degree of adiposity and as social class decreased. In general, MetS prevalence decreased as physical activity increased, which was significant (P = 0.0253) when applying ATP III criteria. After taking into account important confounders, MetS prevalence was significantly positively associated with male gender, age, BMI, physical inactivity and lower social class. Smoking status, marital status and working situation were not independently associated with MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Age, sex, degree of adiposity, physical activity and social class are the sociodemographic risk factors independently associated with MetS in this Mediterranean population. Understanding which factors predict MetS is important considering likely increasing MetS trends, and is useful for determining public health strategies. FAU - Buckland, Genevieve
Implications of the Mediterranean diet and physical exercise on the lipid profile of metabolically healthy obese women as measured by nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy ((1)H NMR).; OBJECTIVE: There is a lack of consensus when it comes to establishing the biochemical parameters that define metabolically healthy obese (MHO) subjects. Indeed, most studies do not include subjects' lipid profiles. Our objective was to characterize lipoprotein size, particle and subclass concentration using (1)H NMR in MHO women after two years of weight loss with a hypocaloric Mediterranean diet and physical exercise. METHODS: 115 non-diabetic women (aged 35-55 years) with a body mass index (BMI) of 30-40 kg/m(2) and ≤1 of the following criteria: blood pressure ≥135/85 mmHg, fasting plasma glucose ≥100 mg/dL, HDL cholesterol ≤50 mg/dL and triglycerides ≥150 mg/dL were included. After two years of intensive lifestyle modification (Mediterranean diet and physical exercise), they were classified according to their weight loss: <5%, ≥5%-<10% and ≥10%. Lipoprotein size, particle and subclass concentrations were measured using (1)H NMR. RESULTS: The final population, after dropouts, were 67 women (age: 44.5 ± 3.7 years, BMI: 36.3 ± 4.7 kg/m(2)), of whom 23 (38.3%) lost <5%, and 22 (36.7%), lost ≥5% to <10% and ≥10% of baseline body weight, respectively. The lipid profile showed no significant changes after intervention, especially in small LDL particles or in production of HDL. The diameter of LDL and HDL particles did not change after two years of a Mediterranean diet and physical exercise. CONCLUSION: These results indicate that intensive lifestyle modification does not produce significant changes in the lipid profile of MHO women. Levels of more atherogenic or atheroprotective particles did not change after two years, despite the intervention.
Dietary patterns in India: a systematic review.; Dietary patterns analysis is an emerging area of research. Identifying distinct patterns within a large dietary survey can give a more accurate representation of what people are eating. Furthermore, it allows researchers to analyse relationships between non-communicable diseases (NCD) and complete diets rather than individual food items or nutrients. However, few such studies have been conducted in developing countries including India, where the population has a high burden of diabetes and CVD. We undertook a systematic review of published and grey literature exploring dietary patterns and relationships with diet-related NCD in India. We identified eight studies, including eleven separate models of dietary patterns. Most dietary patterns were vegetarian with a predominance of fruit, vegetables and pulses, as well as cereals; dietary patterns based on high-fat, high-sugar foods and more meat were also identified. There was large variability between regions in dietary patterns, and there was some evidence of change in diets over time, although no evidence of different diets by sex or age was found. Consumers of high-fat dietary patterns were more likely to have greater BMI, and a dietary pattern high in sweets and snacks was associated with greater risk of diabetes compared with a traditional diet high in rice and pulses, but other relationships with NCD risk factors were less clear. This review shows that dietary pattern analyses can be highly valuable in assessing variability in national diets and diet-disease relationships. However, to date, most studies in India are limited by data and methodological shortcomings. FAU - Green, Rosemary
Therapeutic Lifestyle Changes Improve HDL Function by Inhibiting Myeloperoxidase-Mediated Oxidation in Patients With Metabolic Syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Phagocyte-derived myeloperoxidase (MPO) and proinflammatory HDL are associated with metabolic syndrome (MetS) and increased cardiovascular disease risk. Therapeutic lifestyle changes (TLCs), such as a Mediterranean diet and exercise, decrease this risk. However, the link among TLCs, HDL, and MPO-mediated oxidative stress remains unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In this study, we characterized changes in cholesterol efflux capacity (CEC), a metric of HDL function; MPO-mediated oxidation; and the HDL proteomic profile in 25 patients with MetS who underwent 12 weeks of TLCs. RESULTS: After 12 weeks, before significant changes to HDL levels, most MetS components improved as a result of the TLCs. CEC was significantly increased, and HDL MPO oxidation products, 3-chlorotyrosine and 3-nitrotyrosine, were decreased with TLCs. The changes in CEC were inversely related to the unit changes in 3-chlorotyrosine after we controlled for changes in the other MetS components. TLCs did not remodel the HDL proteome. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, TLCs improved HDL function by inhibiting MPO-mediated oxidative stress even before appreciable changes in HDL levels.
Severe hypoalbuminemia and steatohepatitis leading to death in a young vegetarian female, 8 months after mini gastric bypass: A case report.; BACKGROUND: Hypoalbuminemia is an important complication after Mini Gastric Bypass (MGB) and is more frequent in vegetarians, diabetic nephropathy, and alcoholic and liver disease patients. The patients must be followed in regular intervals and serum albumin must be checked in every visit after MGB. Hypoalbuminemia must be prevented by good protein regimes. CASE SUMMARY: A 29 years old female was admitted 8 month after Laparoscopic Mini Gastric Bypass with malaise, dyspnea, icter, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and edema of extremities from 2 weeks before admission. She had become vegetarian autonomously and had not participated in routine postop follow up, and also discontinued her high protein regimen. In para clinictest results, she had severe hypoalbuminemia, anemia, elevated liver enzymes and direct bilirubinemia, metabolic acidosis in Arterial Blood Gas (ABG), and in Core Needle Biopsy (CNB) marked Steatohepatitis was shown. Unfortunately, the patient did not respond to medical care and died. CONCLUSION: Regular follow up after Mini Gastric Bypass is very important for many reasons such as early diagnosis and treatment of hypoalbuminemia.
Virgin olive oil supplementation and long-term cognition: the PREDIMED-NAVARRA randomized, trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect on cognition of a controlled intervention testing Mediterranean diets (MedDiet). DESIGN: Randomized trial after 6.5 years of nutritional intervention. SETTING: Eight primary care centers affiliated to the University of Navarra. PARTICIPANTS: A random subsample of 285 participants (95 randomly allocated to each of 3 groups) of the PREDIMED-NAVARRA trial. All of them were at high vascular risk (44.8% men, 74.1±5.7 years at cognitive evaluation). INTERVENTIONS: Nutritional intervention comparing two MedDiets (supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil [EVOO] or mixed nuts) versus a low-fat control diet. Participants received intensive education to increase adherence to the intended intervention. Participants allocated to the MedDiet groups received EVOO (1 l/week) or 30 g/day of mixed nuts. Dietary habits were evaluated using a validated 137-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Additionally, adherence to MedDiet was appraised using a 14-item questionnaire both at baseline and yearly thereafter. MEASUREMENTS: Cognitive performance as a main outcome and cognitive status (normal, mild cognitive impairment [MCI] or dementia) as a secondary outcome were evaluated by two neurologists blinded to group assignment after 6.5 years of nutritional intervention. RESULTS: Better post-trial cognitive performance versus control in all cognitive domains and significantly better performance across fluency and memory tasks were observed for participants allocated to the MedDiet+EVOO group. After adjustment for sex, age, education, apolipoprotein E genotype, family history of cognitive impairment/dementia, smoking, physical activity, body mass index, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, diabetes, alcohol and total energy intake, this group also showed lower MCI (OR=0.34 95% CI: 0.12-0.97) compared with control group. Participants assigned to MedDiet+Nuts group did not differ from controls. CONCLUSION: A long-term intervention with an EVOO-rich MedDiet resulted in a better cognitive function in comparison with a control diet. However, non-significant differences were found for most cognitive domains. Participants allocated to an EVOO-rich MedDiet had less MCI than controls. FAU - Martínez-Lapiscina, E H
Inhibitory effects of rosmarinic acid extracts on porcine pancreatic amylase in vitro.; Porcine pancreatic alpha-amylase (PPA) was allowed to react with herbal extracts containing rosmarinic acid (RA) and purified RA. The derivatized enzyme-phytochemical mixtures obtained were characterized for residual amylase activity. These in vitro experiments showed that the amylase activity was inhibited in the presence of these phytochemicals. The extent of amylase inhibition correlated with increased concentration of RA. RA-containing oregano extracts yielded higher than expected amylase inhibition than similar amount of purified RA, suggesting that other phenolic compounds or phenolic synergies may contribute to additional amylase inhibitory activity. The significance of food-grade, plant-based amylase inhibitors for modulation of diabetes mellitus and other oxidation-linked diseases is hypothesized and discussed. FAU - McCue, Patrick P
A novel Gymnema sylvestre extract protects pancreatic beta-cells from cytokine-induced apoptosis.; Inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1β, TNF-α, and interferon-γ are known to be involved in mediating β-cells death in diabetes mellitus (DM). Thus, protecting from β-cells death in patients with DM may be a useful target in alleviating symptoms of hyperglycemia. Traditional plant-based remedies have been used to treat DM for many centuries and may play a role in protecting β-cell from death. An example of these remedies is Gymnema sylvestre (GS) extract. In this study, we investigated the effect of this plant extract on β-cells apoptosis. Om Santal Adivasi (OSA®) maintained cell membrane integrity in MIN6 cells and mouse islets. Om Santal Adivasi significantly protected MIN6 cells and mouse islets from cytokine-induced apoptosis. In the presence of cytokines, OSA® significantly reduced the expression and activity of caspase-3. The antiapoptotic effect of OSA® as shown by microarray analysis is largely mediated by activating pathways involved in cell survival (mainly casein kinase II pathway) and the free radical scavenger system (specifically superoxide dismutase and catalase). This study indicates that the GS isolate OSA® protects against cytokine-induced apoptosis of β-cells by increasing the expression of cell survival pathways and free radical scavenger system.
Possible molecular mechanisms of glucose-lowering activities of Momordica charantia (karela) in diabetes.; Diabetes mellitus is a highly prevalent metabolic disorder which is characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, with a relative or absolute insulin deficiency and profound changes in the metabolism of macronutrients. Traditional and complementary medicine is therapeutic strategies that have both been applied to improving glycemic control. Momordica charantia is one of the plant-based, folk medicines that used for improving glycemic control. We aimed to review, the effects of M. charantia on blood glucose with a clarification of the molecular pathways involved. Of the compounds derived from the plants, the insulin-like peptide, charantin, and the alkaloid vicine, have been reported to have hypoglycemic effects. Different mechanisms contribute to the antidiabetic activities of M. charantia, these include increasing pancreatic insulin secretion, decreasing insulin resistance and increasing peripheral and skeletal muscle cell glucose utilization, inhibition of intestinal glucose absorption and suppressing of key enzymes in the gluconeogenic pathways.
The association of dietary animal and plant protein with putative risk markers of colorectal cancer in overweight pre-diabetic individuals during a weight-reducing programme: a PREVIEW sub-study.; PURPOSE: Diets with increased protein content are popular strategies for body weight regulation, but the effect of such diets for the colonic luminal environment is unclear. We aimed to investigate the associations between putative colorectal cancer-related markers and total protein intake, plant and animal proteins, and protein from red and processed meat in pre-diabetic adults (> 25 years). METHODS: Analyses were based on clinical and dietary assessments at baseline and after 1 year of intervention. Protein intake was assessed from 4-day dietary records. Putative colorectal cancer-related markers identified from 24-h faecal samples collected over three consecutive days were: concentration of short-chain fatty acids, phenols, ammonia, and pH. RESULTS: In total, 79 participants were included in the analyses. We found a positive association between change in total protein intake (slope: 74.72 ± 28.84 µmol per g faeces/E%, p = 0.01), including animal protein intake (slope: 87.63 ± 32.04 µmol per g faeces/E%, p = 0.009), and change in faecal ammonia concentration. For change in ammonia, there was a dose-response trend from the most negative (lowest tertile) to the most positive (highest tertile) association (p = 0.01): in the high tertile, a change in intake of red meat was positively associated with an increase in ammonia excretion (slope: 2.0 ± 0.5 µmol per g faeces/g/day, p < 0.001), whereas no such association was found in the low and medium tertile groups. CONCLUSION: Increases in total and animal protein intakes were associated with higher excretion of ammonia in faeces after 1 year in overweight pre-diabetic adults undertaking a weight-loss intervention. An increase in total or relative protein intake, or in the ratio of animal to plant protein, was not associated with an increase in faeces of any of the other putative colorectal cancer risk markers. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01777893. FAU - Møller, G
Moderate red wine consumption is associated with a lower prevalence of the metabolic syndrome in the PREDIMED population.; Previous studies on the association between alcohol intake and the development of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) have yielded inconsistent results. Besides, few studies have analysed the effects of red wine (RW) consumption on the prevalence of the MetS and its components. As moderate RW drinkers have a better lipid profile and lower incidence rates of diabetes, hypertension and abdominal obesity, all components of the MetS, it was hypothesised that moderate RW consumption could be associated with a lower prevalence of the MetS. In the present cross-sectional study of 5801 elderly participants at a high cardiovascular risk included in the PREDIMED (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea) study, 3897 fulfilled the criteria of the MetS at baseline. RW intake was recorded using a validated 137-item FFQ. Multiple logistic regression analysis was carried out to estimate the association between RW intake and the prevalence of the MetS. Compared with non-drinkers, moderate RW drinkers (≥ 1 drink/d) were found to have a reduced risk of prevalent MetS (OR 0.56, 95 % CI 0.45, 0.68; P < 0.001), a lower risk of having an abnormal waist circumference (OR 0.59, 95 % CI 0.46, 0.77; P < 0.001), low HDL-cholesterol concentrations (OR 0.42, 95 % CI 0.32, 0.53; P < 0.001), high blood pressure (OR 0.28, 95 % CI 0.17, 0.45; P < 0.001) and high fasting plasma glucose concentrations (OR 0.67, 95 % CI 0.54, 0.82; P < 0.001) after adjusting for several confounders. This association was found to be stronger in female participants, in participants aged < 70 years and in participants who were former or current smokers. No significant association was found between RW intake (≥ 1 drink/d) and TAG concentrations. In conclusion, moderate RW consumption is associated with a lower prevalence of the MetS in an elderly Mediterranean population at a high cardiovascular risk. FAU - Tresserra-Rimbau, Anna
The effect of the Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet on nonalcoholic fatty liver disease: a pilot study.; The "Spanish Ketogenic Mediterranean Diet" (SKMD) has been shown to be an effective and safe way to cure patients suffering from metabolic syndrome (MS). Keeping in mind that nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is closely associated with MS, the purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential therapeutic properties under free living conditions of the SKMD in patients with MS (following the International Diabetes Federation [IDF] consensus guidelines) and NAFLD (suspected by using a cutoff value of alanine aminotransferase [ALT] levels of >40 U/L and confirmed by abdominal ultrasonography) over a 12-week period. A prospective study was carried out in 14 obese men meeting the inclusion criteria and whose body mass index (BMI) and age were 36.58±0.54 kg/m² and 41.18±2.28 years, respectively. Statistical differences between the parameters studied before and after administration of the SKMD (week 0 and 12) were analyzed by paired Student's t test (continuous variables) and the χ² test (discontinuous variables). P<.05 was considered statistically significant. There was an extremely significant (P<.001) improvement in body weight (from 109.79 kg to 95.86 kg), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (from 123.43 mg/dL to 100.35 mg/dL), ALT (from 71.92 U/L to 37.07 U/L), aspartate aminotransferase (from 47.71 U/L to 29.57 U/L), steatosis degree (complete fatty liver regression was observed in 21.4% of the patients, and an overall reduction was found in 92.86% of the patients), and all the parameters studied associated with the MS: BMI (from 36.99 kg/m² to 32.42 kg/m²), waist circumference (from 114.01 cm to 98.59 cm), fasting plasma glucose (from 118.57 mg/dL to 90.14 mg/dL), triacylglycerols (from 232.64 mg/dL to 111.21 mg/dL), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDLc) (from 42.81 mg/dL to 58.71 mg/dL), systolic blood pressure (from 142.86 mm Hg to 125.36 mm Hg), and diastolic blood pressure (from 89.64 mm Hg to 77.86 mm Hg). After the diet all the subjects were free of MS according to the IDF definition, and 100% of them had normal triacylglycerols and HDLc levels, in spite of the fact that 100% of them still had a BMI of >30 kg/m². We conclude that the SKMD could be an effective and safe way to treat patients suffering from MS and the associated NAFLD. FAU - Pérez-Guisado, Joaquín
A Mediterranean-style diet and left ventricular mass (from the Northern Manhattan Study).; One mechanism linking diet, specifically the Mediterranean-style diet (DT), with cardiovascular disease prevention may be an association between a DT and left ventricular (LV) mass. However, there are little data on this relation. We hypothesized that adherence to a DT would be inversely associated with LV mass in the multiethnic population-based Northern Manhattan Study. The study included 1,937 participants with diet assessments and LV mass measured using echocardiography (mean age 67 ± 9 years, 39% male, 58% Hispanic, 20% white, 20% black). A DT adherence score (range 0 to 9, 9 representing maximal adherence) was examined continuously and categorically (score 6 to 9 representing the top quartile vs 0 to 5). Multivariable-adjusted linear regression models were constructed to examine the cross-sectional association between a DT and LV mass. An inverse association was observed between the DT score and LV mass. In a model controlling for demographics, behavioral risk factors, diabetes, and blood pressure variables, LV mass was 1.98 g lesser for each 1-point greater DT score, and those with scores of 6 to 9 had an average LV mass that was 7.30 g less than those with scores of 0 to 5. The association was attenuated but remained statistically significant after additionally adjusting for body mass index. Results were similar when LV mass was corrected for height (LV mass). In conclusion, greater adherence to a DT is associated with decreased LV mass, an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease, and this association may be partly mediated by obesity. The association with LV mass may be involved in the protective effect of a DT on clinical vascular outcomes.
Index-based dietary patterns and risk of incident hepatocellular carcinoma and mortality from chronic liver disease in a prospective study.; The role of diet in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and its typical precursor, chronic liver disease (CLD), is poorly understood. Following dietary recommendations has been shown to reduce risk of many cancers, but whether such diets are associated with HCC and CLD is unknown. We prospectively evaluated the association of two dietary indices, the Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI-2010) and the alternate Mediterranean Diet Score (aMED), with HCC incidence and CLD mortality in a large U.S. prospective cohort. We calculated the HEI-2010 and aMED scores for 494,942 participants in the National Institutes of Health-AARP Diet and Health study, based on typical diet assessed using a food frequency questionnaire FFQ between 1995 and 1996. Hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for quintiles of each index were estimated using Cox's proportional hazards regression, after adjusting for alcohol intake, smoking, body mass index, diabetes, and other covariates. A total of 509 HCC cases (1995-2006) and 1,053 CLD deaths (1995-2011) were documented during follow-up. Higher HEI-2010 scores, reflecting favorable adherence to dietary guidelines, were associated with lower risk of HCC (HR, 0.72, 95% CI: 0.53-0.97 for the highest quintile, compared to lowest; P trend = 0.03) and lower mortality resulting from CLD (HR, 0.57; 95% CI: 0.46-0.71; P trend < 0.0001). High aMED scores were also associated with lower risk of HCC (HR, 0.62; 95% CI: 0.47-0.84; P trend = 0.0002) and lower risk of CLD mortality (HR, 0.52; 95% CI: 0.42-0.65; P trend < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Adhering to dietary recommendations may reduce the risk of developing HCC and dying of CLD.
Assessment study of the nutritional status, eating habits and physical activity of the schooled population of Centelles, Hostalets de Balenyà and Sant Martí de Centelles (ALIN 2014 Study).; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Malnourishment can be caused by either a lack of food or an excess of low-nutrient foods. Due to several factors, this predisposes children to academic failure. The objective of this study is to estimate the prevalence of school children with eating problems, study their nutrition level, food quality in the diet, and level of physical activity. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study involved the school children between 3 months and 16.5 years of age in the municipalities of Centelles, Hostalets de Balenyà and Sant Martí de Centelles. Personal, age, nutrition and physical activity data were collected for the descriptive and bivariate analyses. RESULTS: A total of 1,374 children were included, of which 122 were under 3 years of age (8.9%). Obesity was recorded in 2.5%, while 17.2, 15.6 and 64.8% were overweight, underweight and of normal weight, respectively. The remaining 1,252 children were over 3 years of age (91.1%), and obesity was recorded in 8.1%, while 26.1, 11.0 and 62.9% were overweight, underweight and of normal weight, respectively. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet decreased significantly with increasing age. The maintenance of body weight was significantly correlated to the consumption of carbohydrates for breakfast before going to school, daily fruit consumption, and not having a need for care from the social services. The differences in physical activity and a sedentary lifestyle proved significant between males and females. CONCLUSION: Being underweight and overweight are factors related to eating habits and dependency upon the social services.
Nutrition and the HIV-associated lipodystrophy syndrome.; HIV-associated lipodystrophy syndrome (HALS), comprising metabolic and morphological alterations, is a known side effect of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART). Evidence for the role of nutrition in the management of the systemic parameters of HALS is currently limited. In the present paper we review the current knowledge base surrounding HALS, focusing particularly on the role of nutrition in mitigating the systemic parameters of the syndrome. Reported prevalence of HALS was found to vary from 9 to 83 % due to lack of a standardised definition, as well as variations in assessment methods and in the study population used. HALS is associated with both morphological (lipoatrophy, lipohypertrophy) and metabolic (dyslipidaemia, glucose intolerance, diabetes, hypertension, endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis) alterations, which may occur singly or in combination, and are associated with an increased risk of CVD. HAART-induced adipocyte inflammation, oxidative stress and macrophage infiltration, as well as altered adipocyte function and mitochondrial toxicity, have been shown to be central to the development of HALS. The adipocyte, therefore, represents a plausible target for treatment. Pharmacological and surgical treatment interventions have shown effect. However, their use is associated with numerous adverse effects and complications. Targeted lifestyle interventions may provide a useful alternative for managing HALS owing to their safety and tolerability. A Mediterranean-style diet has been found to be effective in improving the systemic parameters of HALS. Furthermore, the effects of n-3 PUFA supplementation are encouraging and future randomised controlled trials investigating the beneficial effects of n-3 PUFA in HALS are justified. FAU - Loonam, Cathríona Rosemary
The Health Benefits of Selected Culinary Herbs and Spices Found in the Traditional Mediterranean Diet.; The Mediterranean diet is considered one of the healthiest diets in the world. This is often attributed to low saturated fat consumption, moderate wine consumption, and high vegetable consumption. However, herbs and spices associated with these diets may also play an important role in the quality of this diet. This review summarizes the most recent research regarding the anti-diabetic, anti-inflammatory, anti-hyperlipidemic and anti-hypertensive properties of this collection of culinary species. Additionally, this review briefly summarizes studies performed on lesser known herbs from around the world, with the goal of identifying new culinary species that may be useful in the treatment or prevention of diseases. FAU - Bower, Allyson
Weight loss with a low-carbohydrate, Mediterranean, or low-fat diet.; BACKGROUND: Trials comparing the effectiveness and safety of weight-loss diets are frequently limited by short follow-up times and high dropout rates. METHODS: In this 2-year trial, we randomly assigned 322 moderately obese subjects (mean age, 52 years; mean body-mass index [the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters], 31; male sex, 86%) to one of three diets: low-fat, restricted-calorie; Mediterranean, restricted-calorie; or low-carbohydrate, non-restricted-calorie. RESULTS: The rate of adherence to a study diet was 95.4% at 1 year and 84.6% at 2 years. The Mediterranean-diet group consumed the largest amounts of dietary fiber and had the highest ratio of monounsaturated to saturated fat (P<0.05 for all comparisons among treatment groups). The low-carbohydrate group consumed the smallest amount of carbohydrates and the largest amounts of fat, protein, and cholesterol and had the highest percentage of participants with detectable urinary ketones (P<0.05 for all comparisons among treatment groups). The mean weight loss was 2.9 kg for the low-fat group, 4.4 kg for the Mediterranean-diet group, and 4.7 kg for the low-carbohydrate group (P<0.001 for the interaction between diet group and time); among the 272 participants who completed the intervention, the mean weight losses were 3.3 kg, 4.6 kg, and 5.5 kg, respectively. The relative reduction in the ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 20% in the low-carbohydrate group and 12% in the low-fat group (P=0.01). Among the 36 subjects with diabetes, changes in fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels were more favorable among those assigned to the Mediterranean diet than among those assigned to the low-fat diet (P<0.001 for the interaction among diabetes and Mediterranean diet and time with respect to fasting glucose levels). CONCLUSIONS: Mediterranean and low-carbohydrate diets may be effective alternatives to low-fat diets. The more favorable effects on lipids (with the low-carbohydrate diet) and on glycemic control (with the Mediterranean diet) suggest that personal preferences and metabolic considerations might inform individualized tailoring of dietary interventions. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00160108.)
Lingonberry (Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.) Exhibits Antidiabetic Activities in a Mouse Model of Diet-Induced Obesity.; Vaccinium vitis-idaea, commonly known as lingonberry, has been identified among species used by the Cree of Eeyou Istchee of northern Quebec to treat symptoms of diabetes. In a previous study, the ethanol extract of berries of V. vitis-idaea enhanced glucose uptake in C2C12 muscle cells via stimulation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) pathway. The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of plant extract in a dietary mouse model of mild type 2 diabetes. C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet (HFD, ∼35% lipids) for 8 weeks that become obese and insulin-resistant (diet-induced obesity, DIO) were used. Treatment began by adding V. vitis-idaea extract to HFD at 3 different concentrations (125, 250, and 500 mg/Kg) for a subsequent period of 8 weeks (total HFD, 16 weeks). The plant extract significantly decreased glycemia and strongly tended to decrease insulin levels in this model. This was correlated with a significant increase in GLUT4 content and activation of the AMPK and Akt pathways in skeletal muscle. V. vitis-idaea treatment also improved hepatic steatosis by decreasing hepatic triglyceride levels and significantly activated liver AMPK and Akt pathways. The results of the present study confirm that V. vitis-idaea represents a culturally relevant treatment option for Cree diabetics and pave the way to clinical studies. FAU - Eid, Hoda M
Prevalence, risk factors, and significance of iron deficiency and anemia in nonischemic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction from a Himachal Pradesh heart failure registry.; BACKGROUND: The study aimed to estimate the prevalence, risk determinants, and its clinical significance of iron deficiency and anemia in patients of nonischemic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF). METHODS: Serum ferritin, transferrin saturation, and the hemoglobin (Hb) levels were measured in 226 consecutive patients with HFrEF diagnosed based on the left ventricular ejection fraction ≤ 45% and absence of coronary artery luminal narrowing of more than 50%, in a prospective tertiary care hospital-based heart failure registry. Patients with the New York Heart Association functional class III/IV were classified as patients with advanced heart failure. Multivariable logistic regression modeling was performed to assess the risk determinants of iron deficiency and anemia and their clinical significance as the risk factors for advanced heart failure. Odds ratio with 95% confidence interval (CI) was reported as the estimates of the strength of association between exposure and outcome variables. RESULTS: Iron deficiency and anemia were prevalent in 58.8% (52.2%-65.1%) and 35.8% (29.8%-42.3%) of patients, respectively. Female gender [OR 3.5 (95% CI 1.9-6.5)], history of bleeding [OR 11.7 (95% CI 1.4-101.2)], and vegetarian diet [OR 2.5 (95% CI 1.4-4.6)] were significantly associated with iron deficiency, while diabetes [OR 3.0 (95% CI 1.40-6.5)], estimated glomerular filtration rate [OR 0.98 (95% CI 0.97-0.99)], history of bleeding [OR 13.0 (95% CI 2.3-70.9)], and female gender [OR 2.9 (95% CI 1.5-5.7)] had significant association with anemia. The Hb level (OR 0.82 (95% CI 0.70-0.96) and transferrin saturation (OR 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-0.99)] had a significant inverse association with symptoms of advanced heart failure. CONCLUSION: Iron deficiency and anemia are common comorbidities associated with HFrEF. Low Hb and transferrin saturation are significantly associated with advanced heart failure. The findings have important implications in the management of heart failure.
Mediterranean diet and quality of life: Baseline cross-sectional analysis of the PREDIMED-PLUS trial.; We assessed if a 17-item score capturing adherence to a traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) was associated with better health-related quality of life among older Spanish men and women with overweight or obesity harboring the metabolic syndrome. We analyzed baseline data from 6430 men and women (age 55-70 years) participating in the PREDIMED-Plus study. PREDIMED-Plus is a multi-centre randomized trial testing an energy-restricted MedDiet combined with promotion of physical activity and behavioral therapy for primary cardiovascular prevention compared to a MedDiet alone. Participants answered a 36-item questionnaire about health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and a 17-item questionnaire that assessed adherence to an MedDiet. We used ANCOVA and multivariable-adjusted linear regression models to compare baseline adjusted means of the quality of life scales according to categories of adherence to the MedDiet. Higher adherence to the MedDiet was independently associated with significantly better scores in the eight dimensions of HRQoL. Adjusted differences of > = 3 points between the highest and the lowest dietary adherence groups to the MedDiet were observed for vitality, emotional role, and mental health and of > = 2 points for the other dimensions. In conclusion, this study shows a positive association between adherence to a MedDiet and several dimensions of quality of life. FAU - Galilea-Zabalza, Iñigo
Methylation levels of the SCD1 gene promoter and LINE-1 repeat region are associated with weight change: an intervention study.; SCOPE: Epigenetic processes may be affected by environmental factors. DNA methylation measured in LINE-1 elements (LINE-1, long interspersed nucleotide element-1) correlates with LINE-1 DNA methylation. Variations in stearoyl CoA desaturase (SCD) activity (a key enzyme in the fatty acid metabolism) may be involved in various processes that can lead to diseases such as obesity. We evaluated whether changes in diet after a nutritional intervention would be associated with changes in LINE-1 DNA methylation and/or specific methylation of SCD1 gene promoter. DESIGN: Prospective cohort intervention study with a control group. We recorded phenotypic, anthropometric, biochemical, and nutritional information at baseline and 1 year later. DNA methylation was quantified by pyrosequencing. LINE-1 DNA methylation and SCD1 gene promoter methylation levels were similar at the beginning of the study in both populations, whereas after a year these levels were higher in the control group (p < 0.001). In the intervention group, those subjects who lost weight showed higher levels of SCD1 gene promoter methylation after the intervention. Subjects with lower adherence to a Mediterranean diet experienced larger changes in LINE-1 methylation. CONCLUSION: DNA methylation levels were associated with weight change and with adherence to a Mediterranean diet.
Concomitant intake of quercetin with a grain-based diet acutely lowers postprandial plasma glucose and lipid concentrations in pigs.; Treatment goals of diabetes mellitus type 2 (DMT2) include glycemic control and reduction of nonglycemic risk factors, for example, dyslipidemia. Quercetin, a plant-derived polyphenol, often discussed for possible antidiabetic effects, was investigated for acute postprandial glucose- and lipid-lowering effects in healthy growing pigs. Male pigs (n=16, body weight=BW 25-30 kg) were fed flavonoid-poor grain-based meals without (GBM) or with quercetin (GBMQ). In a first experiment, postprandial plasma concentrations of glucose, nonesterified fatty acids (NEFA), and triacylglycerols were analyzed in 8 pigs receiving 500 g of either GBM or GBMQ (10 mg/kg BW) in a cross-over design. Blood samples were collected before, and up to 5 h every 30 min, as well as 6 and 8 h after the feeding. In the second experiment, 2 h after ingestions of 1000 g of either GBM or GBMQ (50 mg/kg BW) animals were sacrificed; gastric content was collected and analyzed for dry matter content. Quercetin ingestion reduced postprandial glucose, NEFA, and TG concentration, but two hours after ingestion of the meal no effect on gastric emptying was observed. Our results point to inhibitory effects of quercetin on nutrient absorption, which appear not to be attributable to delayed gastric emptying. FAU - Wein, Silvia
Is complying with the recommendations of sodium intake beneficial for health in individuals at high cardiovascular risk? Findings from the PREDIMED study.; BACKGROUND: Excess sodium intake is associated with high blood pressure, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is unknown whether decreasing sodium intake to <2300 mg/d has an effect on CVD or all-cause mortality. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to assess whether reductions in sodium intake to <2300 mg/d were associated with either an increased or a decreased risk of fatal and nonfatal CVD and all-cause mortality. DESIGN: This observational prospective study of the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) trial included 3982 participants at high CVD risk. Sodium intake was evaluated with a validated food-frequency questionnaire and categorized as low (<1500 mg/d), intermediate (≥1500 to ≤2300 mg/d), high (>2300 to ≤3400 mg/d), or very high (>3400 mg/d). Subsequently, 1-y and 3-y changes in sodium intake were calculated. Multivariate relative risks were assessed by using Cox proportional hazards ratios. Marginal structural models with inverse probability weighting were used to test the effect of changes in sodium intake and the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet). RESULTS: We documented 125 CVD events and 131 deaths after a 4.8-y median follow-up. Sodium intake <2300 mg/d was associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality: 48% (HR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.30, 0.91; P = 0.02) and 49% (HR: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.26, 0.98; P = 0.04) after 1 and 3 y, respectively. Increasing sodium intake after 1 y was associated with a 72% (HR: 1.72; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.91; P = 0.04) higher risk of CVD events. The incidence rate of CVD was reduced for those who reduced their sodium intake and were randomly assigned to MedDiet interventions [4.1/10,000 (95% CI: 3.1, 8.0) compared with 4.4/10,000 (95% CI: 2.7, 12.4) person-years; P = 0.002]. CONCLUSIONS: Decreasing sodium intake to <2300 mg/d was associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality, whereas increasing the intake to >2300 mg/d was associated with a higher risk of CVD. Our observational data suggest that sodium intake <2300 mg/d was associated with an enhanced beneficial effect of the MedDiet on CVD. These results should be interpreted with caution, and other confirmatory studies are necessary.
Ginger and its health claims: molecular aspects.; Recent research has rejuvenated centuries-old traditional herbs to cure various ailments by using modern tools like diet-based therapy and other regimens. Ginger is one of the classic examples of an herb used for not only culinary preparations but also for unique therapeutic significance owing to its antioxidant, antimicrobial, and anti-inflammatory potential. The pungent fractions of ginger, namely gingerols, shogaols, paradols, and volatile constituents like sesquiterpenes and monoterpenes, are mainly attributed to the health-enhancing perspectives of ginger. This review elucidates the health claims of ginger and the molecular aspects and targets, with special reference to anticancer perspectives, immunonutrition, antioxidant potential, and cardiovascular cure. The molecular targets involved in chemoprevention like the inhibition of NF-κB activation via impairing nuclear translocation, suppresses cIAP1 expression, increases caspase-3/7 activation, arrests cell cycle in G2 + M phases, up-regulates Cytochrome-c, Apaf-1, activates PI3K/Akt/I kappaB kinases IKK, suppresses cell proliferation, and inducts apoptosis and chromatin condensation. Similarly, facts are presented regarding the anti-inflammatory response of ginger components and molecular targets including inhibition of prostaglandin and leukotriene biosynthesis and suppression of 5-lipoxygenase. Furthermore, inhibition of phosphorylation of three mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs), extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) are also discussed. The role of ginger in reducing the extent of cardiovascular disorders, diabetes mellitus, and digestive problems has also been described in detail. Although, current review articles summarized the literature pertaining to ginger and its components. However, authors are still of the view that further research should be immediately carried out for meticulousness. FAU - Butt, Masood Sadiq
Sex differences in the impact of the Mediterranean diet on cardiovascular risk profile.; The traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is now widely recommended in the prevention of CVD. However, it is not known whether the MedDiet has the same beneficial cardiovascular effects in women and in men. The objective of the present study was to investigate sex-related differences with regard to changes in cardiometabolic variables in response to a 4-week isoenergetic MedDiet. Participants were thirty-eight men and thirty-two premenopausal women aged between 25 and 50 years who had slightly elevated LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) concentrations (3·4-4·9 mmol/l) or total cholesterol:HDL-cholesterol ratio ≥ 5·0. A 4-week run-in period preceded the MedDiet in order to control the inter- and intra-individual variability. Cardiometabolic variables were measured before and after the MedDiet. Total cholesterol, LDL-C, apoB and apoA-1 plasma concentrations as well as diastolic blood pressure decreased (P < 0·05) in both men and women (respectively, 10, 10, 10, 6 and 5% for men and 6, 7, 9, 4 and 4% for women). ApoA-2 concentrations and insulin concentrations 2 h after the oral administration of 75 g of glucose demonstrated sex × time interactions (respectively, P = 0·05 and P = 0·03) and only men experienced a decrease for these variables (respectively, 8 and 25%). In conclusion, consuming a MedDiet led to significant changes in plasma lipid profile in both men and women, while only men had significant improvements in insulin homeostasis. These results support the importance of investigating sex-related differences in response to diet in order to perhaps further individualise dietary guidelines in the prevention of CVD and type 2 diabetes. FAU - Bédard, Alexandra
Associations of plant and animal protein intake with 5-year changes in blood pressure: the Zutphen Elderly Study.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: The aim of the present study was to investigate the association of plant and animal protein intake with 5-year changes in blood pressure (BP) level. METHODS AND RESULTS: Analyses were based on 702 observations of 272 men participating in the Zutphen Elderly Study. Men did not use antihypertensive medication and were initially free of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus and cancer. Physical and dietary examinations were performed in 1985, 1990, 1995, and 2000. Diet was assessed using the cross-check dietary history method. Men were categorised into tertiles according to their plant and animal protein intake. BP was measured twice at each examination. The associations of plant and animal protein intake with 5-year changes in BP level were investigated by a random intercept model with first-order autoregressive (AR [1]) serial correlation and a nugget effect. Adjustments were made for age, examination year, BMI, socioeconomic status, smoking, physical activity, prescribed diet, alcohol consumption and intake of energy and nutrients. In 1985, men were 70.1 ± 4.6 years old and had a mean BP of 147/84 mmHg. Mean protein intake was 15 en%, of which one-third consisted of plant protein. The higher-intake tertiles of plant protein intake were associated with a mean 5-year change of -2.9 mmHg (95% CI: -5.6, -0.2) systolic and -1.7 mmHg (95% CI: -3.2, -0.2) diastolic, compared with the lowest-intake tertile. No associations were observed for animal protein intake. CONCLUSION: Intake of plant protein, but not animal protein, was inversely associated with 5-year changes in BP level in elderly men.
Dietary patterns and cardiovascular disease in Greek adults: The Hellenic National Nutrition and Health Survey (HNNHS).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Empirically-derived dietary patterns have been shown to have both positive and adverse associations with cardiovascular disease (CVD). Yet, such associations remain unclear in the Greek population. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between empirically-derived dietary patterns and the presence of CVD and CVD-related medical conditions in a nationally representative sample of Greek adults. METHODS AND RESULTS: Adult participants (≥20 years old) of the Hellenic National Nutrition and Health Survey (HNNHS) were included (N = 3552; 41.2% men; 43.7 years, SD: 18.1). Dietary patterns were derived by principal component analysis using 24-h recall data. The presence of dyslipidemia (elevated cholesterol and/or triglycerides), hypertension, coronary heart disease, and total CVD, was defined according to the International Clinical Diagnosis (ICD)-10 codes. Odds ratios of CVD outcomes were estimated across dietary patterns using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Three dietary patterns -Traditional (proxy Mediterranean), Western, and Prudent-were identified explaining 16.5% of the total variance in consumption. Logistic regression analysis, adjusted for age, sex, total caloric intake, sociodemographic characteristics, and other CVD risk factors, showed an inverse association between the Traditional dietary pattern and CVD presence (OR: 0.53; 95% CI: 0.30-0.95), and a positive association between the Western pattern and dyslipidemia (1.52; 1.02-2.26). No association was found between the Prudent pattern and CVD outcomes. CONCLUSION: The variability of food intake combinations in the Greek population seem to be associated with the presence of CVD and CVD related conditions. Such findings are imperative for national monitoring and informed priority setting.
Relationships between serum and colon concentrations of carotenoids and fatty acids in randomized dietary intervention trial.; Little is known about the effect of preventive diets on colonic nutrient concentrations. This study randomized 120 persons at increased risk of colon cancer to a Mediterranean versus a Healthy Eating diet for six months. The former targeted increases in whole grains, fruits, vegetables, monounsaturated, and n3 fats. The Healthy Eating diet was based on Healthy People 2010 recommendations. At baseline, dietary fat and carotenoid intakes were poorly associated (Spearman ρ < 0.4) with serum and colon concentrations. Strong associations were observed between serum and colon measurements of β-cryptoxanthin (ρ = 0.58; P < 0.001), α-carotene (ρ = 0.48; P < 0.001), and β-carotene (ρ = 0.45; P < 0.001). After six months, the Healthy Eating intervention increased serum lutein, β-, and α-carotene significantly (P < 0.05). In the Mediterranean arm, the significant increases were in serum lutein, β-cryptoxanthin, β-carotene, monounsaturated, and n3 fats. A significant group-by-time interaction (P = 0.03) was obtained for monounsaturated fats. Colonic increases in carotenoids and n3 fats were significant only in Healthy Eating arm, whereas the group-by-time interaction was significant for β-carotene (P = 0.02) and α-carotene (P = 0.03). Changes in colon concentrations were not significantly associated with reported dietary changes. Changes in colon and serum concentrations were strongly associated for β-cryptoxanthin (ρ = 0.56; P < 0.001) and α-carotene (ρ = 0.40; P < 0.001). The associations between colonic and serum concentrations suggest the potential use of using serum concentration as a target in dietary interventions aimed at reducing colon cancer risk. FAU - Sen, Ananda
Risk factors for acute myocardial infarction in Indians: a case-control study.; BACKGROUND: South Asians who have settled overseas and those in urban India have an increased risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD). Reasons for this increased risk are unclear. Most studies have been based on migrants to western nations, so their findings may not apply to most south Asians, who live in their own countries. Therefore, we assessed the relative importance of risk factors for IHD among South Asians in Bangalore, India. METHODS: We conducted a prospective hospital-based case-control study of 200 Indian patients with a first acute myocardial infarction (AMI) and 200 age and sex matched controls. We recorded prevalence of the following risk factors for IHD: diet, smoking, alcohol use, socioeconomic status, waist to hip ratio (WHR), blood glucose, serum insulin, oral glucose tolerance test, and lipid profile. FINDINGS: The most important predictor of AMI was current smoking (odds ratio [OR] 3.6, p < 0.001) of cigarettes or beedis (a local form of tobacco), with individuals who currently smoked 10 or more per day having an OR of 6.7 (p < 0.001). History of hypertension and of overt diabetes mellitus were also independent risk factors (OR 2.69 [p = 0.001] and 2.64 [p = 0.004], respectively). Among all individuals, fasting blood glucose was a strong predictor of risk over the entire range, including at values usually regarded as normal (OR adjusted for smoking, hypertension, and WHR 1.62 for 1 SD increase, p < 0.001). Abdominal obesity (as measured by WHR) was also a strong independent predictor across the entire range of measures (OR adjusted for smoking, hypertension, and blood glucose 2.24 for 1 SD increase; p < 0.001). Compared with individuals with no risk factors, individuals with multiple risk factors had greatly increased risk of AMI (eg, OR of 10.6 for the group with smoking and elevated glucose). Lipid profile was not associated with AMI. In univariate analyses, higher socioeconomic (income) status (OR 0.32, p = 0.005 highest vs lowest; OR 0.75 middle vs lowest) and vegetarianism (OR = 0.55, p = 0.006), seemed to be protective. The impact of vegetarianism was closely correlated with blood glucose and WHR. INTERPRETATION: Smoking cessation, treatment of hypertension, and reduction in blood glucose and central obesity (perhaps through dietary modification) may be important in preventing IHD in Asian Indians. FAU - Pais, P
Adherence to a Mediterranean diet and Alzheimer's disease risk in an Australian population.; The Mediterranean diet (MeDi), due to its correlation with a low morbidity and mortality for many chronic diseases, has been widely recognised as a healthy eating model. We aimed to investigate, in a cross-sectional study, the association between adherence to a MeDi and risk for Alzheimer's disease (AD) and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) in a large, elderly, Australian cohort. Subjects in the Australian Imaging, Biomarkers and Lifestyle Study of Ageing cohort (723 healthy controls (HC), 98 MCI and 149 AD participants) completed the Cancer Council of Victoria Food Frequency Questionnaire. Adherence to the MeDi (0- to 9-point scale with higher scores indicating higher adherence) was the main predictor of AD and MCI status in multinominal logistic regression models that were adjusted for cohort age, sex, country of birth, education, apolipoprotein E genotype, total caloric intake, current smoking status, body mass index, history of diabetes, hypertension, angina, heart attack and stroke. There was a significant difference in adherence to the MeDi between HC and AD subjects (P < 0.001), and in adherence between HC and MCI subjects (P < 0.05). MeDi is associated with change in Mini-Mental State Examination score over an 18-month time period (P < 0.05) in HCs. We conclude that in this Australian cohort, AD and MCI participants had a lower adherence to the MeDi than HC participants. FAU - Gardener, S
Dietary habits and past medical history as related to fatal pancreas cancer risk among Adventists.; Epidemiologic studies of diet and pancreas cancer are few, and include ecologic comparisons and a limited number of prospective and case-control studies. Foods and/or nutrients that have been suggested to be associated with increased risk of this cancer include total fat intake, eggs, animal protein, sugar, meat, coffee and butter. Consumption of raw fruits and vegetables has been consistently associated with decreased risk. Dietary habits and medical history variables were evaluated in a prospective study of fatal pancreas cancer among 34,000 California Seventh-day Adventists between 1976 and 1983. Forty deaths from pancreas cancer occurred during the follow-up period. Compared to all US whites, Adventists experienced decreased risk from pancreas cancer death (standardized mortality ratio [SMR] = 72 for men; 90 for women), which was not statistically significant. Although there was a suggestive relationship between increasing meat, egg, and coffee consumption and increased pancreatic cancer risk, these variables were not significantly related to risk after controlling for cigarette smoking. However, increasing consumption of vegetarian protein products, beans, lentils, and peas as well as dried fruit was associated with highly significant protective relationships to pancreas cancer risk. A prior history of diabetes was associated with increased risk of subsequent fatal pancreas cancer, as was a history of surgery for peptic or duodenal ulcer. A history of tonsillectomy was associated with a slight, nonsignificant protective relationship as was history of various allergic reactions. These findings suggest that the protective relationships associated with frequent consumption of vegetables and fruits high in protease-inhibitor content are more important than any increase in pancreas cancer risk attendant on frequent consumption of meat or other animal products. Furthermore, the previously reported positive associations between diabetes and abdominal surgery and pancreas cancer risk are supported in these data. FAU - Mills, P K
Association of dietary patterns with insulin resistance and clinically silent carotid atherosclerosis in apparently healthy people.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits are important determinants of individual cardiovascular and metabolic risk. This study investigated the association between dietary patterns and asymptomatic carotid atherosclerosis, defined as the presence of plaques and/or increased intima-media thickness, and metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance, including the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the trygliceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (Tg/HDL) ratio in a cohort of adults without known diabetes or atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Nine hundred and twenty-nine randomly selected participants were cross-sectionally investigated. Each participant answered a food frequency questionnaire, and underwent high-resolution ultrasonographic evaluation of both carotid arteries. Laboratory blood measurements were obtained in a subsample of 507 participants. RESULTS: A dietary pattern that could be defined as unhealthy (high consumption of soft drinks, fried foods, seed oils, cured meats, butter, red meat and sweets) was identified in 21% of the cohort, whereas 34% of the cohort exhibited a dietary pattern that resembled the Mediterranean diet (high intakes of fruit, milk and cheese, olive oil, vegetables, pasta and bread). Intermediate habits characterized the remaining 45%. After adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and hypertension on treatment, the Mediterranean dietary pattern was associated with significantly lower HOMA-IR (β-coefficient=-0.51; P=0.003). After adjusting for gender, BMI and HbA1c, the unhealthy dietary pattern was associated with a significantly higher Tg/HDL-cholesterol ratio (β-coefficient=0.43; P=0.006). No significant association was found between dietary patterns and carotid atherosclerosis. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that, independent of measures of adiposity, a Mediterranean dietary pattern is associated with lower insulin resistance. FAU - Buscemi, S
Baseline metabolic disturbances and the twenty-five years risk of incident cancer in a Mediterranean population.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Obesity is predictive of metabolic syndrome (metS), type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular (CV) disease and cancer. The aim of the study is to assess the risk of incident cancer connected to obesity and metS in a Mediterranean population characterized by a high prevalence of obesity. METHODS AND RESULTS: As many as 1133 subjects were enrolled in two phases and followed for 25 years (859 subjects) or 11 years (274 subjects) and incident cancer was registered in the follow-up period. Anthropometric measures and biochemical parameters were filed at baseline and evaluated as predictors of incident cancer by measuring hazards ratios (HR) using multivariate Cox parametric hazards models. Best predictive threshold for metabolic parameters and metS criteria were recalculated by ROC analysis. Fasting Blood Glucose >5.19 mmol/L [HR = 1.58 (1.0-2.4)] and the TG/HDL ratio (log(10)) (Males > 0.225, Females > 0.272) [HR = 2.44 (1.3-4.4)] resulted independent predictors of survival free of cancer with a clear additive effect together with age classes [45-65 years, HR = 2.47 (1.3-4.4), 65-75 years HR = 3.80 (2.0-7.1)] and male gender [HR = 2.07 (2.3-3.1)]. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic disturbances are predictive of cancer in a 25 years follow-up of a Mediterranean population following a traditional Mediterranean diet. The high prevalence of obesity and metS and the observed underlying condition of insulin resistance expose this population to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer despite the healthy nutritional habits.
Relevant associations of the glucokinase regulatory protein/glucokinase gene variation with TAG concentrations in a high-cardiovascular risk population: modulation by the Mediterranean diet.; The SNP rs1260326 (P446L) and rs1799884 (-30G>A) for the glucokinase regulatory protein (GCKR) and glucokinase (GCK) genes, respectively, have been associated with opposing effects on TAG and glucose concentrations. However, their genetic modulation by diet (dietary patterns or foods) remains to be investigated. We studied 945 high-cardiovascular risk subjects aged 67 (sd 6) years who participated in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea-Valencia Study. Demographic, clinical, biochemical and genetic data were obtained. Adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MD) and food intake were measured by validated questionnaires. Carriers of the L allele of GKCR had significantly higher TAG concentrations (PP: 1.34 (SD 0.05) mmol/l v. PL+LL: 1.54 (SD 0.03) mmol/l; P= 0.014) and LL carriers had lower glucose concentrations (PL+PP: 6.85 (SD 0.08) mmol/l v. LL: 6.40 (SD 0.16) mmol/l; P= 0.032) after multivariate adjustment. Conversely, homozygous subjects for the variant allele (A) in the GCK gene had significantly lower TAG (GG+GA: 1.48 (SD 0.03) mmol/l v. AA: 1.17 (SD 0.18) mmol/l; P= 0.033) and a higher risk of diabetes (OR 3.3, 95 % CI 1.2, 9.2). Combined effects for both SNP increased TAG concentrations by 37 % (P= 0.033). Adherence to the MD modulated the effects of GCKR polymorphism on TAG: subjects with genetic risk had lower TAG (L-allele carriers; PP: 1.48 (SD 0.14) mmol/l v. PL+LL: 1.51 (SD 0.08) mmol/l; P= 0.917) compared with those with a higher adherence. Analysis of the joint effects of the GCKR and individual food items identified significant associations (olive oil (P= 0.035), vegetables (P= 0.012), red meat (P= 0.017), butter (P= 0.039), sweetened carbonated beverages (P= 0.036) and nuts (P= 0.038)). In conclusion, we found that rs1260326 (GCKR) is significantly associated with higher TAG concentrations, but is modulated by adherence to the MD. FAU - Sotos-Prieto, Mercedes
Components of the Mediterranean-type food pattern and serum inflammatory markers among patients at high risk for cardiovascular disease.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate associations between components of the Mediterranean diet and circulating markers of inflammation in a large cohort of asymptomatic subjects at high risk for cardiovascular disease. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 339 men and 433 women aged between 55 and 80 years at high cardiovascular risk because of presence of diabetes or at least three classical cardiovascular risk factors, food consumption was determined by a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Serum concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured by immunonephelometry and those of interleukin-6 (IL-6), intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: After adjusting for age, gender, body mass index, diabetes, smoking, use of statins, non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs and aspirin, a higher consumption of fruits and cereals was associated with lower concentrations of IL-6 (P for trend 0.005;both). Subjects with the highest consumption of nuts and virgin olive oil showed the lowest concentrations of VCAM-1, ICAM-1, IL-6 and CRP; albeit only for ICAM-1 was this difference statistically significant in the case of nuts (for trend 0.003) and for VCAM-1 in the case of virgin olive oil (P for trend 0.02). Participants with higher adherence to the Mediterranean-type diet did not show significantly lower concentrations of inflammatory markers (P<0.1 for VCAM-1 and ICAM-1). CONCLUSIONS: The consumption of some typical Mediterranean foods (fruits, cereals, virgin olive oil and nuts) was associated with lower serum concentrations of inflammatory markers especially those related to endothelial function, in subjects with high cardiovascular risk living in a Mediterranean country. FAU - Salas-Salvadó, J
Genotrim, a DNA-customized nutrigenomic product, targets genetic factors of obesity: hypothesizing a dopamine-glucose correlation demonstrating reward deficiency syndrome (RDS).; Obesity is the second largest cause of preventable death in the United States. Historically, obesity was considered a behavioral problem that could be simply addressed with behavioral modifications in diet and exercise. As scientific advancements have demonstrated in other neurological healthcare conditions such as alcoholism, there are important biological and genetic components that limit the efficacy of behavioral adjustments alone. In light of data suggesting frequent co-morbidities to obesity, including diabetes mellitus, atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, and potentially others, we hypothesize that the biologic and genetic factors, synergistically with behavioral modifications, must be addressed to adequately treat this disease. We hypothesize that one such genetic factor that influences behavior and thus obesity is a predisposition to glucose craving and the overall effect of dopaminergic activity in the reward center of the brain. This defect drives individuals to engage in activities of behavioral excess, which will increase brain dopamine function, for which we have created the term reward deficiency syndrome (RDS) to categorize such biological influences on behavior. Consuming large quantities of alcohol or carbohydrates (carbohydrate bingeing) stimulates the brain's production of and utilization of dopamine. So too does the intake of crack/cocaine and the abuse of nicotine. We are proposing that a novel approach to nutritional supplementation may be required to target the RDS role in obesity. In this regard, Genotrim, a DNA based customized nutraceutical has been designed and is currently under investigation in several clinical studies. This is the first hypothesis paper whereby this new paradigm shift in thinking about obesity is presented. FAU - Blum, Kenneth
Animal versus plant protein and adult bone health: A systematic review and meta-analysis from the National Osteoporosis Foundation.; BACKGROUND: Protein may have both beneficial and detrimental effects on bone health depending on a variety of factors, including protein source. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis evaluating the effects of animal versus plant protein intake on bone mineral density (BMD), bone mineral content (BMC) and select bone biomarkers in healthy adults. METHODS: Searches across five databases were conducted through 10/31/16 for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and prospective cohort studies in healthy adults that examined the effects of animal versus plant protein intake on 1) total body (TB), total hip (TH), lumbar spine (LS) or femoral neck (FN) BMD or TB BMC for at least one year, or 2) select bone formation and resorption biomarkers for at least six months. Strength of evidence (SOE) was assessed and random effect meta-analyses were performed. RESULTS: Seven RCTs examining animal vs. isoflavone-rich soy (Soy+) protein intake in 633 healthy peri-menopausal (n = 1) and post-menopausal (n = 6) women were included. Overall risk of bias was medium. Limited SOE suggests no significant difference between Soy+ vs. animal protein on LS, TH, FN and TB BMD, TB BMC, and bone turnover markers BSAP and NTX. Meta-analysis results showed on average, the differences between Soy+ and animal protein groups were close to zero and not significant for BMD outcomes (LS: n = 4, pooled net % change: 0.24%, 95% CI: -0.80%, 1.28%; TB: n = 3, -0.24%, 95% CI: -0.81%, 0.33%; FN: n = 3, 0.13%, 95% CI: -0.94%, 1.21%). All meta-analyses had no statistical heterogeneity. CONCLUSIONS: These results do not support soy protein consumption as more advantageous than animal protein, or vice versa. Future studies are needed examining the effects of different protein sources in different populations on BMD, BMC, and fracture. FAU - Shams-White, Marissa M
Obesity and urolithiasis: evidence of regional influences.; There is evidence that obese patients have an increased risk of renal stone formation, although this relationship could be less evident in some populations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of overweight and obesity on the risk of renal stone formation in a population consuming a Mediterranean diet and to better elucidate the mechanisms underlying the increased risk of urolithiasis observed in obese subjects. We performed a retrospective review of 1698 stone forming patients (mean age 45.9 ± 14.6 years; 984/714 M/F), attending outpatient stone clinics in Milan and Florence, seen between January 1986 and June 2014. Records were reviewed and data collected pertaining to age, gender, weight, height, stone composition, association with diabetes type 2 or gout and metabolic profile of 24-h urine to perform a descriptive study. We estimated prevalence ratios for body mass index (BMI) categories (underweight: BMI <18.5, normal: BMI 18.5-24.9, overweight: BMI 25-29.9 and obese ≥30). Overweight and obesity were present in 40.7 and 8 % of the men and in 19.9 and 8.7 % of the women in the study population. The mean BMI of patients with urolithiasis was found to be 24.5 ± 7.5 kg/m(2). BMI values were positively correlated with age (p = 0.000) and mean BMI was higher in males than in females (25.5 ± 8.9 vs 23.2 ± 4.4 kg/m(2)). In males, rates of overweight and obesity in renal stone formers were higher than the rates reported in the Italian general population in 2004 only for the age group 25-44 years, whereas males in all the other age groups and in females the rates of overweight and obesity in renal stone formers were similar to rates reported in the Italian general population. The rates of overweight and obesity were significantly different in patients with different chemical stone composition. In particular, patients with uric acid stones have rates of overweight and obesity higher than patients with calcium stones or other types of calculi. Also the rates of type 2 diabetes and gout were greater in patients with overweight and obesity. In overweight and obese patients, the urinary excretion of risk factors for stone formation, such as calcium, oxalate and urate, and also of inhibitory substances, such as citrate, were significantly higher than in patients with normal weight or underweight. The prevalence of overweight and obesity in patients with urinary calculi from a country consuming a Mediterranean diet is not higher than in the general population. It should be taken into account that not all the dietary patterns that are associated with obesity may involve a parallel increase in the risk of forming kidney stones and that epidemiological findings from one country could not be confirmed in other countries with different climatic, socioeconomic and cultural features. FAU - Trinchieri, Alberto
Effectiveness of the physical activity intervention program in the PREDIMED-Plus study: a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The development and implementation of effective physical activity (PA) intervention programs is challenging, particularly in older adults. After the first year of the intervention program used in the ongoing PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED)-Plus trial, we assessed the initial effectiveness of the PA component. METHODS: PREDIMED-Plus is an ongoing randomized clinical trial including 6874 participants randomized to an intensive weight-loss lifestyle intervention based on an energy-restricted Mediterranean diet (MedDiet), physical activity promotion and behavioral support and to a control group using MedDiet recommendations but without calorie restriction or PA advice. Body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference (WC) are measured by standard clinical protocols. Duration and intensity of PA is self-reported using the validated REGICOR Short Physical Activity Questionnaire. The primary endpoint of the PREDIMED-Plus trial is a combined cardiovascular outcome: myocardial infarction (acute coronary syndromes with positive troponin test), stroke, or cardiovascular mortality. The present study involved secondary analysis of PA data (n = 6059; mean age 65 ± 4.9 years) with one-year changes in total, light, and moderate-to-vigorous PA within and between intervention groups as the outcome. Generalized estimating equation models were fitted to evaluate time trends of PA, BMI, and WC within groups and differences between intervention and control groups. RESULTS: After 12 months, average daily MVPA increased by 27.2 (95%CI 5.7;48.7) METs-min/day and 123.1 (95%CI 109.7-136.6) METs-min/day in the control and intervention groups, respectively. Total-PA, light-PA, and MVPA increased significantly (p < 0.01) in both groups. A significant (p < 0.001) time*intervention group interaction was found for Total-PA and MVPA, meaning the PA trajectory over time differed between the intervention and control groups. Age, sex, education level, and BMI did not moderate the effectiveness of the PA intervention. BMI and WC decreased significantly with increasing MVPA, compared with participants who reported no changes in MVPA. CONCLUSION: After one year of follow-up, the PREDIMED-Plus PA intervention has been effective in increasing daily PA in older adults. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Retrospectively registered at the International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial ( http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN89898870 ), registration date: 24 July 2014. FAU - Schröder, Helmut
Regularity of Breakfast Consumption and Diet: Insights from National Adult Nutrition Survey. LID - 10.3390/nu10111578 [doi] LID - 1578; Breakfast is considered to be one of the most important meals of the day. Its omission has been reported to be associated with increased disease risk, such as obesity, diabetes, and coronary heart disease, as well as unhealthy lifestyle and lower dietary quality. Using data from the National Adult Nutrition Survey (NANS)-a food consumption survey conducted among 1500 Irish men and women over 18 years of age, residing in the Republic of Ireland at the time the survey was conducted-we aimed to characterize breakfast regularity, identify dietary patterns associated with regular breakfast consumption, and assess the nutritional quality of such dietary patterns, using the nutrient-rich food index score NRF9.3. We determined two breakfast regularity categories and assessed dietary quality, by means of adherence to the principal component analysis derived dietary patterns and the NRF9.3 dietary index. Regular breakfast consumers were identified as those who consumed breakfast 3⁻4 times out of the 4 days of the collection period; such consumers comprised the majority of the population (94.4%). They had the highest adherence to healthier dietary patterns, namely, the "vegetarian" (odds ratio (OR): 2.59: 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 1.40, 4.77), "fish and vegetables" (OR: 2.88: 95% CI: 1.63, 5.10), and "breakfast cereals" (OR: 4.62: 95% CI: 2.43, 8.79) dietary patterns. Breakfast significantly contributed to the daily micronutrient intake by providing, on average, 24% of dietary fiber, 32% of iron, 30% of calcium, 32% of folate, and 37% of riboflavin. The importance of regular breakfast consumption on those who skip breakfast should be highlighted, in order to improve compliance with nutritional recommendations and adherence to a healthy lifestyle. FAU - Uzhova, Irina
Herbal Approach for Management of Atherosclerosis: a Review.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Summarize of the reports on antioxidants especially from herbal sources which battle oxidative stress might be proficient to forestall and repair the free radical-prompted vascular damages in overseeing of atherosclerosis. RECENT FINDINGS: Atherosclerosis is the one of the fundamental reason for hypertension, stroke, myocardial localized necrosis, and numerous other cardiovascular illnesses. Atherosclerosis associated path physiological factors like hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and smoking actuates oxidative stress which are characterized by excessive oxidation and improper exclusion. The herbal plant-based antioxidant agents are effective towards the management/treatment of atherosclerosis by different ways like, by diminishing the oxidation of low-density lipoproteins, diminishing the cell proliferation, restraining the foam cell arrangement, and advancing the reverse cholesterol transport, down regulation of pro-atherogenic genes, and inflammatory mediators. This review is a critical analysis about the role of oxidative stress in atherogenesis and furthermore outlines the ongoing study/examination done on the management of atherosclerosis by utilizing herbal antioxidant agents. FAU - Singh, Sanjiv
Dietary patterns, inflammation and the metabolic syndrome.; AIM: The study of dietary patterns offers a comprehensive, real-life approach towards examining the complex diet and disease relationship. The simultaneous association of dietary patterns with inflammation and the metabolic syndrome (MetS) has not been extensively reviewed. This report reviews the association of dietary patterns with inflammation in the context of the MetS. METHODS: Original English-language research studies with humans were identified via MEDLINE, using inflammation, MetS, whole diets and dietary patterns as keywords. The findings were carefully examined and synthesized along consistent axes. RESULTS: Many observational and a few prospective studies, as well as some randomized controlled trials (RCTs), support an inverse association between a Mediterranean dietary pattern and markers of inflammation. The link is generally independent of traditional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and weight loss. The few studies that have examined the association between following a healthy dietary pattern, evaluated using various diet quality scores, and inflammation report an inverse association; however, this association was attenuated upon adjusting for CVD risk factors. A Mediterranean dietary pattern has also been associated with a reduced risk of the MetS in several cross-sectional studies and a few prospective studies conducted with healthy people. Few RCTs (lasting 1-2years) have confirmed the benefits of following a Mediterranean diet on MetS risk in obese individuals, in those with the MetS or in those at CVD risk. The evidence, albeit limited, for a link between healthy diets based on other diet quality scores and the MetS supports a similar inverse association for the primary and secondary prevention of the MetS. CONCLUSION: Adhering to healthy diets such as the Mediterranean diet and/or national dietary guidelines can reduce inflammation and the MetS.
Lactic acid bacteria as a cell factory for the delivery of functional biomolecules and ingredients in cereal-based beverages: a review.; In this review, we aim to describe the mechanisms by which LAB can fulfil the novel role of efficient cell factory for the production of functional biomolecules and food ingredients to enhance the quality of cereal-based beverages. LAB fermentation is a safe, economical, and traditional method of food preservation foremost, as well as having the additional benefits of flavor, texture, and nutrition amelioration. Additionally, LAB fermentation in known to render cereal-based foods and beverages safe, in a chemical-free, consumer-friendly manner, from an antinutrient and toxigenic perspective. Huge market opportunities and potential exist for food manufacturers who can provide the ideal functional beverage fulfilling consumer needs. Newly developed fermented cereal-based beverages must address markets globally including, high-nutrition markets (developing countries), lifestyle choice consumers (vegetarian, vegan, low-fat, low-salt, low-calorie), food-related non-communicable disease sufferers (cardiovascular disease, diabetes), and green label consumers (Western countries). To fulfil these recommendations, a suitable LAB starter culture and cereal-based raw materials must be developed. These strains would be suitable for the biopreservation of cereal beverages and, ideally, would be highly antifungal, anti-mycotoxigenic, mycotoxin-binding and proteolytic (neutralize toxic peptides and release flavor-contributing amino acids) with an ability to ferment cereals, whilst synthesizing oligosaccharides, thus presenting a major opportunity for the development of safe cereal-based prebiotic functional beverages to compete with and replace the existing dairy versions. FAU - Waters, Deborah M
Additive regulation of adiponectin expression by the mediterranean diet olive oil components oleic Acid and hydroxytyrosol in human adipocytes.; Adiponectin, an adipocyte-derived insulin-sensitizing and anti-inflammatory hormone, is suppressed in obesity through mechanisms involving chronic inflammation and oxidative stress. Olive oil consumption is associated with beneficial cardiometabolic actions, with possible contributions from the antioxidant phenol hydroxytyrosol (HT) and the monounsaturated fatty acid oleic acid (OA, 18:1n-9 cis), both possessing anti-inflammatory and vasculo-protective properties. We determined the effects of HT and OA, alone and in combination, on adiponectin expression in human and murine adipocytes under pro-inflammatory conditions induced by the cytokine tumor necrosis factor(TNF)-α. We used human Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome (SGBS) adipocytes and murine 3T3-L1 adipocytes as cell model systems, and pretreated them with 1-100 μmol/L OA, 0.1-20 μmol/L HT or OA plus HT combination before stimulation with 10 ng/mL TNF-α. OA or HT significantly (P<0.05) prevented TNF-α-induced suppression of total adiponectin secretion (by 42% compared with TNF-α alone) as well as mRNA levels (by 30% compared with TNF-α alone). HT and OA also prevented-by 35%-TNF-α-induced downregulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor PPARγ. Co-treatment with HT and OA restored adiponectin and PPARγ expression in an additive manner compared with single treatments. Exploring the activation of JNK, which is crucial for both adiponectin and PPARγ suppression by TNF-α, we found that HT and OA additively attenuated TNF-α-stimulated JNK phosphorylation (up to 55% inhibition). In conclusion, the virgin olive oil components OA and HT, at nutritionally relevant concentrations, have additive effects in preventing adiponectin downregulation in inflamed adipocytes through an attenuation of JNK-mediated PPARγ suppression. FAU - Scoditti, Egeria
Pancreatic lipase and α-amylase inhibitory activities of plants used in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM).; To find new, plant based drugs for the treatment of obesity and/or diabetes mellitus type 2 through the inhibition of essential digestive enzymes, in vitro tests were carried out on selected plants or fungi with weight-reducing, blood glucose-reducing or related potential, used in Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Aqueous and methanolic extracts of 32 Chinese herbal medicines were assayed for their in vitro inhibitory activity against pancreatic lipase (PL) and α-amylase (PA). PL activity was measured by using an enzymatic in vitro assay based on the hydrolysis kinetics of an oleate ester of 4-methylumbelliferone. For the determination of α-amylase activity an enzyme assay based on the hydrolytic cleavage of a modified starch derivative was used. Our findings have shown that the methanolic extract of Lycopus lucidus Turcz. var. hirtus Regel (Lamiaceae) was a very effective PL inhibitor (IC50: 88.3±4.1 μg/mL). A high anti-amylase activity showed the methanolic extract of Trichosanthes kirilowii Maxim. (Curcurbitaceae, IC50: 248.8±67.3 μg/mL). This work provides a priority list of interesting plants for further study with respect to the treatment of obesity and associated metabolic diseases.
Dietary intake of acrylamide and pancreatic cancer risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort.; BACKGROUND: In 1994, acrylamide (AA) was classified as a probable human carcinogen by the International Agency for Research on Cancer. In 2002, AA was discovered at relatively high concentrations in some starchy, plant-based foods cooked at high temperatures. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective analysis was conducted to evaluate the association between the dietary intake of AA and ductal adenocarcinoma of the exocrine pancreatic cancer (PC) risk in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort using Cox regression modeling. EPIC includes >500,000 men and women aged 35-75 at enrollment from 10 European countries. AA intake was estimated for each participant by combining questionnaire-based food consumption data with a harmonized AA database derived from the EU monitoring database of AA levels in foods, and evaluated in quintiles and continuously. RESULTS: After a mean follow-up of 11 years, 865 first incident adenocarcinomas of the exocrine pancreas were observed and included in the present analysis. At baseline, the mean dietary AA intake in EPIC was 26.22 µg/day. No overall association was found between continuous or quintiles of dietary AA intake and PC risk in EPIC (HR:0.95, 95%CI:0.89-1.01 per 10 µg/day). There was no effect measure modification by smoking status, sex, diabetes, alcohol intake or geographic region. However, there was an inverse association (HR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.61-0.88 per 10 µg/day) between AA intake and PC risk in obese persons as defined using the body mass index (BMI, ≥ 30 kg/m(2)), but not when body fatness was defined using waist and hip circumference or their ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary intake of AA was not associated with an increased risk of PC in the EPIC cohort. FAU - Obón-Santacana, M
Population attributable risk for pancreatic cancer in Northern Italy.; OBJECTIVE: To provide data on the impact of known risk factors on pancreatic cancer burden, we estimated the population attributable risks (PARs) in the Italian population. METHODS: Data were derived from a case-control study conducted in Northern Italy between 1991 and 2008, including 326 case patients with incident pancreatic cancer and 652 hospital control subjects. RESULTS: We found that 13.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], 6.3-20.8) of pancreatic cancers were attributable to tobacco smoking, 13.0% (95% CI, 2.7-23.2) were attributable to heavy alcohol drinking, 9.7% (95% CI, 5.3-14.1) were attributable to diabetes, 11.9% (95% CI, -8.0 to 31.8) were attributable to a low adherence to Mediterranean diet, and 0.6% (95% CI, -1.8 to 2.9) were attributable to a family history of pancreatic cancer. The PARs for tobacco smoking increased up to 25.7% when we considered it jointly with alcohol, up to 21.7% with diabetes, and up to 24.8% with low Mediterranean diet adherence. For all the risk factors considered, the PARs were higher in men than in women, the differences being particularly evident for heavy alcohol consumption and for a low Mediterranean diet adherence. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that an appreciable proportion of pancreatic cancers could be avoided in this Italian population by intervention on a few selected modifiable lifestyle factors. FAU - Rosato, Valentina
Repurposing the aldose reductase inhibitor and diabetic neuropathy drug epalrestat for the congenital disorder of glycosylation PMM2-CDG. LID - 10.1242/dmm.040584 [doi] LID - dmm040584; Phosphomannomutase 2 deficiency, or PMM2-CDG, is the most common congenital disorder of glycosylation and affects over 1000 patients globally. There are no approved drugs that treat the symptoms or root cause of PMM2-CDG. To identify clinically actionable compounds that boost human PMM2 enzyme function, we performed a multispecies drug repurposing screen using a novel worm model of PMM2-CDG, followed by PMM2 enzyme functional studies in PMM2-CDG patient fibroblasts. Drug repurposing candidates from this study, and drug repurposing candidates from a previously published study using yeast models of PMM2-CDG, were tested for their effect on human PMM2 enzyme activity in PMM2-CDG fibroblasts. Of the 20 repurposing candidates discovered in the worm-based phenotypic screen, 12 were plant-based polyphenols. Insights from structure-activity relationships revealed epalrestat, the only antidiabetic aldose reductase inhibitor approved for use in humans, as a first-in-class PMM2 enzyme activator. Epalrestat increased PMM2 enzymatic activity in four PMM2-CDG patient fibroblast lines with genotypes R141H/F119L, R141H/E139K, R141H/N216I and R141H/F183S. PMM2 enzyme activity gains ranged from 30% to 400% over baseline, depending on genotype. Pharmacological inhibition of aldose reductase by epalrestat may shunt glucose from the polyol pathway to glucose-1,6-bisphosphate, which is an endogenous stabilizer and coactivator of PMM2 homodimerization. Epalrestat is a safe, oral and brain penetrant drug that was approved 27 years ago in Japan to treat diabetic neuropathy in geriatric populations. We demonstrate that epalrestat is the first small molecule activator of PMM2 enzyme activity with the potential to treat peripheral neuropathy and correct the underlying enzyme deficiency in a majority of pediatric and adult PMM2-CDG patients.
Fatty liver disease and lifestyle in youngsters: diet, food intake frequency, exercise, sleep shortage and fashion.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Fatty liver is associated with alcohol habits and/or overweight/obesity. We challenged several lifestyle features associated with fatty liver and, particularly, with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Among them, sleep shortage as a result of nightlife habits and a preference for plus-size fashion were assessed. The latter consists of fashionable plus-sized clothing for actual individuals' size and reflects a frequent attitude of some social or age groups, conceivably indicating more global and widespread trend and behaviour. METHODS: We studied a group of 708 non-diabetic youngsters, 458 women and 250 men, 21.72 ± 3.71 years old (range 15-35 years), referred for minor digestive ailments for clinical assessment, ultrasound detection of fatty liver and nutritional counselling. Details of personal history regarding lifestyle, food intake frequency and alcohol intake, dietary and physical exercise profile, sleep duration and clothing preferences were recorded. RESULTS: The prevalence of NAFLD in this cohort of youngsters is 67/708 (9.4%). Even if it is quantitatively very low in both groups, the average alcohol intake, always below 20 g/day, is greater in NAFLD subjects (5.83 ± 4.32 g) vs. subjects with normal liver (2.02 ± 3.20 g). The number of meals/day and adherence to a Mediterranean diet profile are smaller in NAFLD subjects. By multiple regression, BMI, sedentary life, plus-sized clothing for their actual size, sleep shortage and lower frequency of daily food intake are associated with the presence of NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: Onset and continuation of fatty liver disease, beyond food and exercise quantity and quality, with their effects on obesity, may also be associated with other aspects of lifestyle.
The Impact of Maternal Eating Disorders on Dietary Intake and Eating Patterns during Pregnancy: A Systematic Review. LID - 10.3390/nu11040840 [doi] LID - 840; Maternal nutrition in pregnancy has a key influence on optimum fetal health. Eating disorders (EDs) during pregnancy may have detrimental effects on fetal growth and the child's early development. There is limited knowledge concerning the eating behavior, dietary intake and derived nutritional biomarkers as well as the nutrient supplementation in women with EDs during pregnancy. We performed a systematic review according to the PRISMA statement to synthesize current evidence in this field. Of N = 1203 hits, 13 full-texts were included in the qualitative synthesis. While women with current Binge Eating Disorder (BED) showed higher energy and fat intakes during pregnancy, women with a lifetime Anorexia Nervosa (AN), Bulimia Nervosa (BN) or both (AN + BN) had similar patterns of nutrient intake and dietary supplement use as healthy women. There is evidence, that women with a history of EDs have a sufficient diet quality and are more likely to be vegetarian. Dieting and bingeing improved substantially with pregnancy. The highlighted differences in the consumption of coffee/caffeine and artificially sweetened beverages as well as the elevated prevalence of iron deficiency anemia in women with a past or active ED during pregnancy might have an important impact on fetal development. FAU - Dörsam, Annica F
A Low-Glycemic, Mediterranean Diet and Lifestyle Modification Program with Targeted Nutraceuticals Reduces Body Weight, Improves Cardiometabolic Variables and Longevity Biomarkers in Overweight Subjects: A 13-Week Observational Trial.; Among the comorbidities of high body mass index, cardiovascular disease continued to be the leading cause of death and disability globally in 2015, while type 2 diabetes remained second. The primary objectives of this observational study were to confirm the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of our calorie-restricted Mediterranean diet with targeted dietary supplementation (PROG1) using globally recognized dietary supplementation. Fifty healthy overweight and obese subjects with cardiometabolic risk factors were assigned a modified Mediterranean diet, including protein shakes and targeted supplementation (PROG2), providing ∼68-76% of subject estimated calorie requirements. Salivary nitrite was assessed weekly and key cardiometabolic metrics were recorded at baseline and weeks 9 and 13. PROG2 was well tolerated with 86% compliance. The most common adverse effects were bloating, flatulence, and constipation, which were self-limiting. Subjects exhibited decreases (P < .01) from baseline of 12% in body weight, 18% in body fat, and 8.8% in waist circumference. Total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and triglycerides (TG) were reduced (P < .01), respectively, 19%, 22%, and 40%. Lipid ratios of TC/high-density lipoprotein (HDL), TG/HDL, and oxidized LDL (oxLDL)/HDL were decreased 15% (P < .01), 35% (P < .01), and 13% (P < .05), respectively. Inflammation biomarkers, oxLDL and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, were reduced 17% (P < .01) and 30% (P < .05), respectively. Reductions of 9.0% for systolic (P < .01) and 12% (P < .01) for diastolic blood pressure were noted. In concert, the nitrogen dioxide salivary biomarker for nitric oxide was increased relative to baseline. PROG2 produced a dramatic 50% reduction in subjects meeting cardiometabolic syndrome criteria and a 38% decrease in Framingham 10-year cardiovascular risk. These results confirmed our previous findings that the addition of targeted nutraceutical supplementation to a calorie-restricted Mediterranean diet with lifestyle modifications improves multiple longevity risk factors more effectively than diet and lifestyle modification alone. FAU - Tripp, Matthew L
Plant Extracts and Reactive Oxygen Species as Two Counteracting Agents with Anti- and Pro-Obesity Properties. LID - 10.3390/ijms20184556 [doi] LID - 4556; Obesity is a complex disease of great public health significance worldwide: It entails several complications including diabetes mellitus type 2, cardiovascular dysfunction and hypertension, and its prevalence is increasing around the world. The pathogenesis of obesity is closely related to reactive oxygen species. The role of reactive oxygen species as regulatory factors in mitochondrial activity in obese subjects, molecules taking part in inflammation processes linked to excessive size and number of adipocytes, and as agents governing the energy balance in hypothalamus neurons has been examined. Phytotherapy is the traditional form of treating health problems using plant-derived medications. Some plant extracts are known to act as anti-obesity agents and have been screened in in vitro models based on the inhibition of lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 cells and activity of pancreatic lipase methods and in in vivo high-fat diet-induced obesity rat/mouse models and human models. Plant products may be a good natural alternative for weight management and a source of numerous biologically-active chemicals, including antioxidant polyphenols that can counteract the oxidative stress associated with obesity. This review presents polyphenols as natural complementary therapy, and a good nutritional strategy, for treating obesity without serious side effects. FAU - Zielinska-Blizniewska, Hanna
Adherence to Mediterranean diet, high-sensitive C-reactive protein, and severity of coronary artery disease: Contemporary data from the INTERCATH cohort.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Guidelines recommend a healthy diet as a cornerstone of cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention. Although the Mediterranean diet (MD) is the best studied dietary pattern for CV outcomes, data on association between MD and severity of CAD are limited. Therefore, we analysed dietary data in association with the SYNTAX score in coronary artery disease (CAD) patients from the INTERCATH study. METHODS: The INTERCATH study is an observational study in patients undergoing coronary angiography at the University Heart Center Hamburg. Coronary morphology is assessed by the SYNTAX score. A lifestyle questionnaire collects dietary data with food frequency questions at baseline. Based on seven dietary characteristics, we calculated an established Mediterranean diet score (MDS) with a range of 0-28 points at which 28 points reflect maximal adherence to MD. To investigate the association of MD with severity of CAD, we performed logistic regression analysis after adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: Of 1121 patients, 27% were women. The median age was 70.7 years (interquartile range (IQR) 61.1,77.0). CV risk factors were distributed as expected for a CAD cohort (31.3% diabetes, 81.1% arterial hypertension, 34.0% smoking, median BMI 26.6 kg/m(2) (IQR 24.1, 30.3), median LDL-C 87 mg/dL (IQR 65.0,116,6). Of all variables included, the strongest correlation with MDS was found for log (hs-CRP) (r = -0.21, p < 0.001). Adherence to MD represented by a higher MDS was significantly associated with a reduced probability for a medium/high risk SYNTAX score of ≥23 with an odds ratio (OR) of 0.923 per point increase of MDS (95% confidence interval 0.869-0.979; p = 0.0079). This association remained significant after adjustment for cardiovascular risk factors (OR 0.934, 95% CI 0.877-0.995, p = 0.035). After further adjustment for log (hs-CRP), the association remained no longer significant (OR 0.955 (0.893-1.022, p = 0.19). CONCLUSIONS: In this contemporary data set, we found an independent association of adherence to MD with a less complex CAD. Hs-CRP correlated significantly with adherence to MD and may be a marker of the vasoprotective effects of MD. These results strengthen the evidence for the protective effect of an MD pattern in CVD prevention.
Regularly consuming a green/roasted coffee blend reduces the risk of metabolic syndrome.; PURPOSE: Preventive health effects of coffee could have a widespread impact on public health. Green coffee has more phenols than roasted, and thus is healthier, although with less acceptable organoleptic properties. Therefore, the effects of regularly consuming a green/roasted coffee blend (35/65) on the main components of MetS in humans were evaluated. METHODS: A crossover, randomized, controlled study was performed in 25 normocholesterolaemic and 27 hypercholesterolaemic men and women aged 18-45 years with BMI 18-25 kg/m(2). Three servings/day of the blend, providing 510.6 mg hydroxycinnamic acids and 121.2 mg caffeine/day, were consumed versus a control drink, during 8 weeks each. Polyphenol and methylxanthine-rich foods were restricted along the study. At the beginning (baseline) and end of the control and coffee interventions, blood samples were collected and glucose, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, leptin, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), resistin and visfatin were analysed; waist circumference, %body fat, and blood pressure were measured and dietary records and physical activity questionnaires completed. RESULTS: Systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased (p = 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively) in both groups as well as %body fat (p = 0.001) which may be related to the lower leptin (p = 0.001), PAI-1 (p < 0.001) and resistin (p = 0.034) levels in the two groups after coffee consumption. Glucose concentration (p = 0.030) and insulin resistance (p = 0.011; HOMA-IR) also decreased, as well as triglyceride levels (p = 0.017), so that the reduction was much greater in the hypercholesterolaemics (group effect, p = 0.027). CONCLUSION: Regular consumption of the green/roasted coffee blend may be recommended to healthy and hypercholesterolaemic subjects to prevent MetS, as it produces positive effects on blood pressure, glucose and triglyceride levels. FAU - Sarriá, Beatriz
Impaired fasting glucose, ancestry and waist-to-height ratio: main predictors of incident diagnosed diabetes in the Canary Islands.; AIMS: To estimate the incidence rate and risk factors for diabetes in the Canary Islands. METHODS: A total of 5521 adults without diabetes were followed for a median of 3.5 years. Incident cases of diabetes were self-declared and validated in medical records. The following factors were assessed by Cox regression to estimate the hazard ratios for diabetes: impaired fasting glucose (5.6 mmol/l ≤ fasting glucose ≤ 6.9 mmol/l), BMI, waist-to-height ratio (≥ 0.55), insulin resistance (defined as triglycerides/HDL cholesterol ≥ 3), familial antecedents of diabetes, Canarian ancestry, smoking, alcohol intake, sedentary lifestyle, Mediterranean diet, social class and the metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: The incidence rate was 7.5/10(3) person-years (95% CI 6.4-8.8). The greatest risks were obtained for impaired fasting glucose (hazard ratio 2.6; 95% CI 1.8-3.8), Canarian ancestry (hazard ratio 1.9; 95% CI 1.0-3.4), waist-to-height ratio (hazard ratio 1.7; 95% CI 1.1-2.5), insulin resistance (hazard ratio 1.5; 95% CI 1.0-2.2) and paternal history of diabetes (hazard ratio 1.5; 95% CI 1.0-2.3). The metabolic syndrome (hazard ratio 1.9; 95% CI 1.3-2.8) and BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2) (hazard ratio 1.7; 95% CI 1.0-2.7) were significant only when their effects were not adjusted for impaired fasting glucose and waist-to-height ratio, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of diabetes in the Canary Islands is 1.5-fold higher than that in continental Spain and 1.7-fold higher than in the UK. The main predictors of diabetes were impaired fasting glucose, Canarian ancestry, waist-to-height ratio and insulin resistance. The metabolic syndrome predicted diabetes only when its effect was not adjusted for impaired fasting glucose. In individuals with Canarian ancestry, genetic susceptibility studies may be advisable. In order to propose preventive strategies, impaired fasting glucose, waist-to-height ratio and triglyceride/HDL cholesterol should be used to identify subjects with an increased risk of developing diabetes.
[Psychiatric manifestations of vitamin B12 deficiency: a case report].; Psychiatric manifestations are frequently associated with pernicious anemia including depression, mania, psychosis, dementia. We report a case of a patient with vitamin B12 deficiency, who has presented severe depression with delusion and Capgras' syndrome, delusion with lability of mood and hypomania successively, during a period of two Months. Case report - Mme V., a 64-Year-old woman, was admitted to the hospital because of confusion. She had no history of psychiatric problems. She had history of diabetes, hypertension and femoral prosthesis. The red blood count revealed a normocytosis with anemia (hemoglobin=11,4 g/dl). At admission she was uncooperative, disoriented in time and presented memory and attention impairment and sleep disorders. She seemed sad and older than her real age. Facial expression and spontaneous movements were reduced, her speech and movements were very slow. She had depressed mood, guilt complex, incurability and devaluation impressions. She had a Capgras' syndrome and delusion of persecution. Her neurologic examination, cerebral scanner and EEG were postponed because of uncooperation. Further investigations confirmed anemia (hemoglobin=11,4 g/dl) and revealed vitamin B12 deficiency (52 pmol/l) and normal folate level. Antibodies to parietal cells were positive in the serum and antibodies to intrinsic factor were negative. An iron deficiency was associated (serum iron=7 micromol/l; serum ferritin concentration=24 mg/l; serum transferrin concentration=3,16 g/l). This association explained normocytocis anemia. Thyroid function, hepatic and renal tests, glycemia, TP, TCA, VS, VDRL-TPHA were normal. Vitamin B12 replacement therapy was started with hydroxycobalamin 1 000 ng/day im for 10 days and iron replacement therapy. Her mental state improved dramatically within a few days. After one week of treatment the only remaining symptoms were lability of mood, delusion of persecution, Capgras' syndrome but disappeared totally 9 days after the beginning of the treatment. A neurologic examination was possible because of cooperation. All the tendon reflexes of inferior members were absent. The plantars were in flexion and there was a left inferior member hypoesthesia. The cerebral scan and EEG were normal. Fundic biopsy, realized by fibroscopy, revealed fundic atrophia and intestinal metaplasia compatible with Biermers' disease. The iron deficiency exploration concluded diet deficiency. Mme V. appeared euphoric, her speech was very rapid with play on words and overactivity. This hypomania state totally disappeared 3 days after. Six Months after her hospitalisation, she presented an hypothyroidism (TSH=3,780; T3=1,35; T4=1,08). A thyroid hormones replacement was started and she continued to receive Monthly B12 replacement. Discussion - This case report illustrates psychiatric manifestations of Biermers' disease. The clinical arguments in favour are: white woman, more than 60 Years old, no history of psychiatric problems, atypical symptoms (confusional state with psychiatric symptoms), fluctuation of symptoms (severe depression with confusional state, delusion of persecution and Capgras' syndrome; delusion with lability of mood and hypomania), dramatic improvement after 9 days of vitamin B12 replacement therapy. The biological arguments are: anemia, vitamin B12 deficiency, normal folate level, atrophia and fundic metaplasia, positive antibodies to parietal cells in the serum, association between Biermers' disease and autoimmune disease (Haschimoto thyroidite). Psychiatric manifestations can occur in the presence of low serum B12 levels but in the absence of the other well recognized neurological and haematological abnormalities of pernicious anemia. Mental or psychological changes may precede haematological signs by Months or Years. They can be the initial symptoms or the only ones. Verbank et al. described the case of a patient with vitamin B12 deficiency in whom hypomania, paranoia and depression had been successively presented during a period of 5 Years before anemia have been developed. The case of Mme V. is similar in the succession of severe depression with delusion of persecution and Capgras' syndrome, delusion with lability of mood and hypomania, during a period of two Months. This report seems to be the first one of a sequence of several psychiatric states with pernicious anemia during a period of two Months with normocytosis anemia. To illustrate this illness we reviewed the literature regarding psychopathology associated with B12 deficiency. The most common psychiatric symptoms were depression, mania, psychotic symptoms, cognitive impairment and obsessive compulsive disorder. The neuropsychiatric severity by vitamin B12 deficiency and the therapeutic efficacy depends on the duration of signs and symptoms. Conclusion - We recommend consideration of B12 deficiency and serum B12 determinations in all the patients with organic mental disorders, atypical psychiatric symptoms and fluctuation of symptomatology. B12 levels should be evaluated with treatment resistant depressive disorders, dementia, psychosis or risk factors for malnutrition such as alcoholism or advancing age associated with neurological symptoms, anemia, malabsorption, gastrointestinal surgery, parasite infestation or strict vegetarian diet. In first intention, B12 deficiency should be researched by serum B12 determination (normal 200-950 pg/ml). Studies of methylmalonic acid and homocysteine showed that they are very sensitive functional indicators of cobalamin status especially when other evidence of cobalamin (B12) deficiency was equivocal. Measurement of methylmalonic acid (normal 73-271 nmol/l) and homocysteine (normal 5,4-13,9 micromol/l) should not replace the measurement of serum cobalamin. FAU - Durand, C
Inverse association between serum phospholipid oleic acid and insulin resistance in subjects with primary dyslipidaemia.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Data on intake of oleic acid (OA) and insulin resistance (IR) are inconsistent. We investigated whether OA in serum phosphatidylcholine relates to surrogate measures of IR in dyslipidaemic subjects from a Mediterranean population. METHODS: Cross-sectional study of 361 non-diabetic subjects (205 men, 156 women; mean age 44 and 46 y, respectively; BMI 25.7 kg/m(2)). IR was diagnosed by BMI and HOMA values using published criteria validated against the euglycemic clamp. Alternatively, IR was defined by the 75th percentile of HOMA-IR of our study population. The fatty acid composition of serum phosphatidylcholine was determined by gas-chromatography. RESULTS: The mean (±SD) proportion of OA was 11.7 ± 2.0%. Ninety-two subjects (25.5%) had IR. By adjusted logistic regression, including the proportions of other fatty acids known to relate to IR, the odds ratios (OR) (95% confidence intervals) for IR were 0.75 (0.62-0.92) for 1% increase in OA and 0.84 (0.71-0.99) for 1% increase in linoleic acid. Other fatty acids were unrelated to IR. When using the alternate definition of IR, OA remained a significant predictor (0.80 [0.65-0.99]). CONCLUSIONS: Higher phospholipid proportions of OA relate to less IR, suggesting an added benefit of increasing olive oil intake within the Mediterranean diet.
The 2007 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: part 2 - therapy.; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence was reviewed from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. For treatment of patients with kidney disease, the progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2005 to August 2006 to update the 2006 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations. In addition, reference lists were scanned and experts were contacted to identify additional published studies. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: Dietary lifestyle modifications for prevention of hypertension, in addition to a well-balanced diet, include a dietary sodium intake of less than 100 mmol/day. In hypertensive patients, the dietary sodium intake should be limited to 65 mmol/day to 100 mmol/day. Other lifestyle modifications for both normotensive and hypertensive patients include: performing 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintaining a healthy body weight (body mass index of 18.5 kg/m2 to 24.9 kg/m2) and waist circumference (less than 102 cm in men and less than 88 cm in women); limiting alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or nine units per week in women; following a diet reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, and one that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources; and considering stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should take into account each individual's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and any comorbid conditions: blood pressure should be lowered to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients and lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients require more than one agent to achieve these blood pressure targets. In adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics; other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (except in black patients), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). First-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension includes long-acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. Certain comorbid conditions provide compelling indications for first-line use of other agents: in patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction, or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor plus diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high-risk patients with hypertension who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually. FAU - Khan, Nadia A
Plant-Produced Asialo-Erythropoietin Restores Pancreatic Beta-Cell Function by Suppressing Mammalian Sterile-20-like Kinase (MST1) and Caspase-3 Activation.; Pancreatic beta-cell death adversely contributes to the progression of both type I and II diabetes by undermining beta-cell mass and subsequently diminishing endogenous insulin production. Therapeutics to impede or even reverse the apoptosis and dysfunction of beta-cells are urgently needed. Asialo-rhuEPO, an enzymatically desialylated form of recombinant human erythropoietin (rhuEPO), has been shown to have cardioprotective and neuroprotective functions but with no adverse effects like that of sialylated rhuEPO. Heretofore, the anti-apoptotic effect of asialo-rhuEPO on pancreatic beta-cells has not been reported. In the current study, we investigated the cytoprotective properties of plant-produced asialo-rhuEPO (asialo-rhuEPO(P)) against staurosporine-induced cell death in the pancreatic beta-cell line RIN-m5F. Our results showed that 60 IU/ml asialo-rhuEPO(P) provided 41% cytoprotection while 60 IU/ml rhuEPO yielded no effect. Western blotting results showed that asialo-rhuEPO(P) treatment inhibited both MST1 and caspase-3 activation with the retention of PDX1 and insulin levels close to untreated control cells. Our study provides the first evidence indicating that asialo-rhuEPO(P)-mediated protection involves the reduction of MST1 activation, which is considered a key mediator of apoptotic signaling in beta-cells. Considering the many advantages its plant-based expression, asialo-rhuEPO(P) could be potentially developed as a novel and inexpensive agent to treat or prevent diabetes after further performing studies in cell-based and animal models of diabetes. FAU - Arthur, Elena
Adherence to Mediterranean diet: A comparison of patients with head and neck cancer and healthy population.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The traditional Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated to a lower risk of suffering multiple tumors. However, few studies have analyzed the relationship between MD and the risk of developing head and neck cancer (HNC). A case-control study comparing adherence to MD was conducted in patients diagnosed with HNC and healthy population. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The level of adherence to MD was assessed using the 14-item MEDAS (Mediterranean Diet Adherence Screener) questionnaire, used in the PREDIMED study, in patients diagnosed with HNC at 12de Octubre Hospital in Madrid (cases) and in healthy subjects enrolled in a nearby primary health care center (controls). Adherence was stratified based on the score as low (≤7points), medium (8-9points), and high (≥10points). The odds ratio (OR) for developing HNC was estimated based on different factors. RESULTS: A sample of 168 subjects (100 controls and 68 cases) was analyzed. Smoking (OR, 2.98 [95%CI: 1.44-6.12]; P=.003) and alcohol consumption (OR, 2.72 [95%CI: 1.39-5.33], P=.003) were strongly associated to HNC. However, medium-high adherence to MD was associated to a lower risk of developing HNC (OR, 0.48 [95%CI: 0.20-1.07], P=.052). CONCLUSIONS: Consistent medium-high adherence to MD contributes to decrease the risk of developing HNC.
Acute Effect of a Single Dose of Tomato Sofrito on Plasmatic Inflammatory Biomarkers in Healthy Men. LID - 10.3390/nu11040851 [doi] LID - 851; Sofrito is a Mediterranean tomato-based sauce that typically also contains olive oil, onion, and garlic. The preparation of sofrito modifies the bioactive compounds (carotenoids and polyphenols) in the ingredients to more bioavailable forms, promoting cis-lycopene formation and polyphenol bioaccessibility. To evaluate the health benefits of this cooking technique, the effect of consuming an acute dose of sofrito on the inflammatory status was studied. In a clinical trial, 22 healthy male subjects consumed a single dose of sofrito (240 g/70 kg) after three days without ingesting any tomato products and following a low-antioxidant diet the day before the intervention. Plasma carotenoids and total polyphenol excretion (TPE) were evaluated, as well as the inflammatory biomarkers C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), interleukin 1β (IL-1β) and tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α). After the sofrito intake, a significant decrease in CRP (p = 0.010) and TNF-α (p = 0.011) was observed, but only TNF-α was inversely correlated with an increase in TPE and plasma β-carotene (not the major carotenoid, lycopene). The positive health effects of this tomato-based product may be attributed not only to lycopene, but to the bioactive compounds of all the ingredients. FAU - Hurtado-Barroso, Sara
Dietary Intake in Population with Metabolic Syndrome: Is the Prevalence of Inadequate Intake Influenced by Geographical Area? Cross-Sectional Analysis from PREDIMED-Plus Study. LID - 10.3390/nu10111661 [doi] LID - 1661; Inadequate diet influences chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease (CVD), the leading cause of death in Spain. CVD figures vary from one geographical region to another; this could be associated with different food choices. Our aim was to analyse the influence of geographical area on nutrient intakes among the Spanish adult population with Metabolic Syndrome (MetS). We analysed cross-sectional baseline data from the PREDIMED-Plus study: 6646 Spanish adults, aged 55⁻75 years, with overweight/obesity and MetS in four geographical areas. A validated 143-item Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ) was used to assess energy and nutrient intakes. The prevalence of inadequate nutrient intake was estimated according to Dietary Reference Intakes (DRIs). Multivariable-adjusted logistic regression was used to assess the relationship between geographical area (North, Central, East and South areas) and inadequate nutrient intake. People in the North area consumed significantly lower amounts of vegetables and fish but more sugar and alcohol (p < 0.001) than other areas. Dietary fibre, vitamin A, E, calcium and magnesium intakes were all lower among men of North area than in the other areas (p < 0.001). Sex (women), non-smoker and physical activity were also associated to adequate nutrient intake. Geographical area influences nutrient intakes. Its effect on dietary quality should be taken into account when planning food policies. FAU - Cano-Ibáñez, Naomi
The Mediterranean diet improves the systemic lipid and DNA oxidative damage in metabolic syndrome individuals. A randomized, controlled, trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Metabolic syndrome (MetS), in which a non-classic feature is an increase in systemic oxidative biomarkers, presents a high risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet (MedDiet) is associated with a reduced risk of MetS. However, the effect of the MedDiet on biomarkers for oxidative damage has not been assessed in MetS individuals. We have investigated the effect of the MedDiet on systemic oxidative biomarkers in MetS individuals. METHODS: Randomized, controlled, parallel clinical trial in which 110 female with MetS, aged 55-80, were recruited into a large trial (PREDIMED Study) to test the efficacy of the traditional MedDiet on the primary prevention of CVD. Participants were assigned to a low-fat diet or two traditional MedDiets (MedDiet + virgin olive oil or MedDiet + nuts). Both MedDiet group participants received nutritional education and either free extra virgin olive oil for all the family (1 L/week), or free nuts (30 g/day). Diets were ad libitum. Changes in urine levels of F2-Isoprostane (F2-IP) and the DNA damage base 8-oxo-7,8-dihydro-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-oxo-dG) were evaluated at 1-year trial. RESULTS: After 1-year urinary F2-IP decreased in all groups, the decrease in MedDiet groups reaching a borderline significance versus that of the Control group. Urinary 8-oxo-dG was also reduced in all groups, with a higher decrease in both MedDiet groups versus the Control one (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: MedDiet reduces oxidative damage to lipids and DNA in MetS individuals. Data from this study provide evidence to recommend the traditional MedDiet as a useful tool in the MetS management.
The Ethnopharmacological and Nutraceutical Relevance of Launaea taraxacifolia (Willd.) Amin ex C. Jeffrey.; Launaea taraxacifolia (Willd.) Amin ex C. Jeffrey is a herb found mostly in tropical Africa. The plant, commonly found in West Africa, is used in the management of many diseases including cardiovascular, respiratory, haematological, endocrine, and metabolic diseases in Ghana, Nigeria, Benin, Serra Leone, and Senegal. This piece provides comprehensive and updated information on the traditional uses, phytochemical constituents, and pharmacological and toxicological information available on Launaea taraxacifolia to support its medicinal uses and also unearth knowledge gaps for future studies. An electronic literature search using search engines, namely, Google Scholar, ScienceDirect, and PubMed, was carried out to obtain information on the plant. Both common and scientific names of the plant were used as keywords for the search process. This paper captured information on Launaea taraxacifolia from 1985 to 2018. The search revealed that the leaves of the plant possess nutritional/pharmacological effects on diseases such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cancer, malaria, bacterial infections, and arthritis. The leaf has been shown to be a rich source of phytoconstituents such as flavonoids, phenolic acids, tannins, alkaloids, glycosides, coumarins, triterpenoids, ascorbic acid, lycopene, and β-carotene. Also, isolated phytoconstituents as well as the safety profile of the plant have been documented. This review on Launaea taraxacifolia has provided a one-stop documentation of information in support of the several purported ethnopharmacological uses of the plant. It also reveals information gaps such as the need to research into its pharmacokinetics, interactions with drugs of importance, and its development into a plant-based drug in order to expand its clinical use. FAU - Adinortey, Michael Buenor
Maternal diet and cord blood leptin and adiponectin concentrations at birth.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of total energy intake, macronutrient intake, and maternal adherence to Mediterranean diet or Alternative Healthy Eating Index (AHEI) on cord blood leptin and adiponectin levels, which have been associated with childhood adiposity. METHODS: We used multivariable linear regression to assess associations of maternal diet, averaged over 1st and 2nd trimesters, with cord blood adipokines of 780 women from the prospective cohort study Project Viva. RESULTS: Mean (SD) energy intake during pregnancy was 2135 (596) kcal. Mean (SD) cord blood levels of leptin and adiponectin were 9.0 (6.6) ng/ml and 28.6 (6.7) μg/ml, respectively. Neither closer adherence to a Mediterranean/AHEI pattern diet nor energy intake was associated with either cord blood leptin or adiponectin. Protein intake was associated with both marginally lower leptin (-0.22 ng/ml [95% CI -0.41, -0.02] for each 1% of energy) and adiponectin (-0.25 μg/ml [95% CI -0.48, -0.02]). CONCLUSIONS: Closer adherence to a Mediterranean/AHEI pattern diet during pregnancy was not associated with cord blood leptin or adiponectin. Maternal protein intake was weakly but significantly associated with lower cord blood leptin and adiponectin.
Change in Glycemic Control With Use of a Digital Therapeutic in Adults With Type 2 Diabetes: Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Intensive lifestyle change can treat and even reverse type 2 diabetes. Digital therapeutics have the potential to deliver lifestyle as medicine for diabetes at scale. OBJECTIVE: This 12-week study investigates the effects of a novel digital therapeutic, FareWell, on hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) and diabetes medication use. METHODS: Adults with type 2 diabetes and a mobile phone were recruited throughout the United States using Facebook advertisements. The intervention aim was to effect a sustainable shift to a plant-based dietary pattern and regular exercise by advancing culinary literacy and lifestyle skill acquisition. The intervention was delivered by an app paired with specialized human support, also delivered digitally. Health coaching was provided every 2 weeks by telephone, and a clinical team was available for participants requiring additional support. Participants self-reported current medications and HbA(1c) at the beginning and end of the 12-week program. Self-efficacy related to managing diabetes and maintaining dietary changes was assessed via survey. Engagement was recorded automatically through the app. RESULTS: We enrolled 118 participants with a baseline HbA(1c) >6.5%. Participants were 81.4% female (96/118) and resided in 38 US states with a mean age of 50.7 (SD 9.4) years, baseline body mass index of 38.1 (SD 8.8) kg/m(2), and baseline HbA(1c) of 8.1% (SD 1.6). At 12 weeks, 86.2% (94/109) of participants were still using the app. Mean change in HbA(1c) was -0.8% (97/101, SD 1.3, P<.001) for those reporting end-study data. For participants with a baseline HbA(1c) >7.0% who did not change medications midstudy, HbA(1c) change was -1.1% (67/69, SD 1.4, P<.001). The proportion of participants with an end-study HbA(1c) <6.5% was 28% (22/97). After completion of the intervention, 17% (16/97) of participants reported a decrease in diabetic medication while 8% (8/97) reported an increase. A total of 57% (55/97) of participants achieved a composite outcome of reducing HbA(1c), reducing diabetic medication use, or both; 92% (90/98) reported greater confidence in their ability to manage their diabetes compared to before the program, and 91% (89/98) reported greater confidence in their ability to maintain a healthy dietary pattern. Participants engaged with the app an average of 4.3 times per day. We observed a significantly greater decrease in HbA(1c) among participants in the highest tertile of app engagement compared to those in the lowest tertile of app engagement (P=.03). CONCLUSIONS: Clinically meaningful reductions in HbA(1c) were observed with use of the FareWell digital therapeutic. Greater glycemic control was observed with increasing app engagement. Engagement and retention were both high in this widely distributed sample.
Human Postprandial Nutrient Metabolism and Low-Grade Inflammation: A Narrative Review. LID - 10.3390/nu11123000 [doi] LID - 3000; The importance of the postprandial state has been acknowledged, since hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia are linked with several chronic systemic low-grade inflammation conditions. Humans spend more than 16 h per day in the postprandial state and the postprandial state is acknowledged as a complex interplay between nutrients, hormones and diet-derived metabolites. The purpose of this review is to provide insight into the physiology of the postprandial inflammatory response, the role of different nutrients, the pro-inflammatory effects of metabolic endotoxemia and the anti-inflammatory effects of bile acids. Moreover, we discuss nutritional strategies that may be linked to the described pathways to modulate the inflammatory component of the postprandial response. FAU - Meessen, Emma C E
Bone mass in Indian children--relationships to maternal nutritional status and diet during pregnancy: the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study.; CONTEXT/OBJECTIVE: Bone mass is influenced by genetic and environmental factors. Recent studies have highlighted associations between maternal nutritional status during pregnancy and bone mass in the offspring. We hypothesized that maternal calcium intakes and circulating micronutrients during pregnancy are related to bone mass in Indian children. DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS/MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Nutritional status was measured at 18 and 28 wk gestation in 797 pregnant rural Indian women. Measurements included anthropometry, dietary intakes (24-h recall and food frequency questionnaire), physical workload (questionnaire), and circulating micronutrients (red cell folate and plasma ferritin, vitamin B12, and vitamin C). Six years postnatally, total body and total spine bone mineral content and bone mineral density (BMD) were measured using dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA) in the children (n = 698 of 762 live births) and both parents. RESULTS: Both parents' DXA measurements were positively correlated with the equivalent measurements in the children (P < 0.001 for all). The strength of these correlations was similar for fathers and mothers. Children of mothers who had a higher frequency of intake of calcium-rich foods during pregnancy (milk, milk products, pulses, non-vegetarian foods, green leafy vegetables, fruit) had higher total and spine bone mineral content and BMD, and children of mothers with higher folate status at 28 wk gestation had higher total and spine BMD, independent of parental size and DXA measurements. CONCLUSIONS: Modifiable maternal nutritional factors may influence bone health in the offspring. Fathers play a role in determining their child's bone mass, possibly through genetic mechanisms or through shared environment. FAU - Ganpule, A
Preliminary study of the antioxidant properties of flowers and roots of Pyrostegia venusta (Ker Gawl) Miers.; BACKGROUND: Free radical stress leads to tissue injury and can eventually to arthritis, atherosclerosis, diabetes mellitus, neurodegenerative diseases and carcinogenesis. Several studies are ongoing worldwide to find natural antioxidants of plant origin. We assessed the in-vitro antioxidant activities and screened the phytochemical constituents of methanolic extracts of Pyrostegia venusta (Ker Gawl) Miers. METHODS: We evaluated the antioxidant potential and phytochemical constituents of P. venusta using 1,1-Diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH), 2, 2'-azinobis-3-ethylbenzothiazoline-6-sulfonic acid (ABTS) and ferric reducing antioxidant power (FRAP) assays. Gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy (GC-MS) studies were also undertaken to assess the phytochemical composition of the flower extracts. RESULTS: Phytochemical analyses revealed the presence of terpenoids, alkaloids, tannins, steroids, and saponins. The reducing ability of both extracts was in the range (in μm Fe(II)/g) of 112.49-3046.98 compared with butylated hydroxytoluene (BHT; 63.56 ± 2.62), catechin (972.02 ± 0.72 μm) and quercetin 3208.27 ± 31.29. A significant inhibitory effect of extracts of flowers (IC50 = 0.018 ± 0.69 mg/ml) and roots (IC50 = 0.026 ± 0.94 mg/ml) on ABTS free radicals was detected. The antioxidant activity of the extracts of flowers (95%) and roots (94%) on DPPH radicals was comparable with that of ascorbic acid (98.9%) and BHT (97.6%). GC-MS study revealed the presence of myoinositol, hexadecanoic acid, linoleic acid, palmitic acid and oleic acid in the flower extracts. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that P. venusta is a natural source of antioxidants. The extracts of flowers and roots of P. venusta contain significant amounts of phytochemicals with antioxidative properties and could serve as inhibitors or scavengers of free radicals. P. venusta could be exploited as a potential source for plant-based pharmaceutical products. These results could form a sound basis for further investigation in the potential discovery of new natural bioactive compounds. FAU - Roy, Purabi
Short-Term Effects of Healthy Eating Pattern Cycling on Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: Pooled Results from Two Randomized Controlled Trials. LID - 10.3390/nu10111725 [doi] LID - 1725; Adherence to healthy eating patterns (HEPs) is often short-lived and can lead to repetitive attempts of adopting-but not maintaining-HEPs. We assessed effects of adopting, abandoning, and readopting HEPs (HEP cycling) on cardiovascular disease risk factors (CVD-RF). We hypothesized that HEP cycling would improve, worsen, and again improve CVD-RF. Data were retrospectively pooled for secondary analyses from two randomized, crossover, controlled feeding trials (n = 60, 52 ± 2 years, 30.6 ± 0.6 kg/m²) which included two 5⁻6 week HEP interventions (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension-style or Mediterranean-style) separated by a four-week unrestricted eating period. Ambulatory and fasting blood pressures (BP), fasting serum lipids, lipoproteins, glucose, and insulin were measured before and during the last week of HEP interventions. Fasting systolic BP and total cholesterol decreased (-6 ± 1 mm Hg and -19 ± 3 mg/dL, respectively, p < 0.05), returned to baseline, then decreased again (-5 ± 1 mm Hg and -13 ± 3 mg/dL, respectively, p < 0.05) when adopting, abandoning, and readopting a HEP; magnitude of changes did not differ. Ambulatory and fasting diastolic BP and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations followed similar patterns; glucose and insulin remained unchanged. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations decreased with initial adoption but not readoption (-13 ± 3 and -6 ± 3, respectively, interaction p = 0.020). Healthcare professionals should encourage individuals to consistently consume a HEP for cardiovascular health but also encourage them to try again if a first attempt is unsuccessful or short-lived. FAU - O'Connor, Lauren E
The 2009 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part 2--therapy.; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults for 2009. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials was preferentially reviewed. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome among patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2007 to August 2008 to update the 2008 recommendations. To identify additional published studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat hypertension, restrict dietary sodium to less than 2300 mg (100 mmol)/day (and 1500 mg to 2300 mg [65 mmol to 100 mmol]/day in hypertensive patients); perform 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (smaller than 102 cm for men and smaller than 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or nine units per week in women; follow a diet that is reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, and that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources; and consider stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated on by the patient's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. Antihypertensive therapy should be considered in all adult patients regardless of age (caution should be exercised in elderly patients who are frail). For adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin- converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in patients who are not black), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor antagonists (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first-line agents may also be considered as the initial treatment of hypertension if the systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above the target or if the diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above the target. The combination of ACE inhibitors and ARBs should not be used. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include long- acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with proteinuric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (if intolerant to ACE inhibitors) are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high-risk patients with hypertension who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually. FAU - Khan, Nadia A
A Mediterranean diet enriched with olive oil is associated with higher serum total osteocalcin levels in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk.; BACKGROUND: The intake of olive oil has been related to the prevention of osteoporosis in experimental and in in vitro models. Very few prospective studies have evaluated the effects of olive oil intake on circulating osteocalcin (OC) in humans. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the longitudinal effects of a low-fat control diet (n=34), a Mediterranean diet enriched with nuts (MedDiet+nuts, n=51), or a Mediterranean diet enriched with virgin olive oil (MedDiet+VOO, n=42) on circulating forms of OC and bone formation markers in elderly men at high cardiovascular risk. DESIGN: Longitudinal associations between baseline and follow-up (2 yr) measurements of total OC, undercarboxylated osteocalcin, C-telopeptide of type I collagen, and procollagen I N-terminal propeptide (P1NP) concentrations were examined in 127 elderly men randomized to three healthy dietary interventions. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics (age, body mass index, waist circumference, lipid profile, fasting insulin levels, and bone formation and resorption markers) were similar in all intervention groups. The total osteocalcin concentration increased robustly in the MedDiet+VOO group (P=0.007) in parallel to increased P1NP levels (P=0.01) and homeostasis model assessment-β-cell function (P=0.01) but not in subjects on the MedDiet+nuts (P=0.32) or after the control diet (P=0.74). Interestingly, the consumption of olives was associated positively with both baseline total osteocalcin (r=0.23, P=0.02) and the 2-yr osteocalcin concentrations (r=0.21, P=0.04) in the total cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Consumption of a Mediterranean diet enriched with virgin olive oil for 2 years is associated with increased serum osteocalcin and P1NP concentrations, suggesting protective effects on bone. FAU - Fernández-Real, José Manuel
Intestinal permeability after Mediterranean diet and low-fat diet in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND: In non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a high-fat or high-fructose diet increases intestinal permeability and promotes derangement of the gut-liver axis. We hypothesize that, diet could be able to modulate intestinal permeability in patients with NAFLD. AIM: To detect diet-induced modification of intestinal permeability in patients with NAFLD undergoing a Mediterranean diet or a low-fat diet. METHODS: The current study was a dietary intervention for non-diabetic, patients with biopsy-verified NAFLD and increased transaminases. A crossover design was employed: participants underwent 16 weeks of Mediterranean diet, 16 wk of free wash-out, and 16 weeks of low-fat diet. Both diets were hypocaloric and no consumption of supplements was allowed. All patients were followed bimonthly by a dietitian. Evaluations of clinical and metabolic parameters were completed at baseline and at the end of each dietary period. Intestinal permeability was assessed by chromium-51 ethylene diamine tetraacetate excretion testing (51Cr-EDTA). RESULTS: Twenty Caucasian patients, 90% male, median age 43 years, body mass index (BMI) 30.9, with biopsy-verified NAFLD were enrolled. At the end of 16 weeks of a Mediterranean diet, a significant reduction in mean body weight (-5.3 ± 4.1 kg, P = 0.003), mean waist circumference (-7.9 ± 4.9 cm, P = 0.001), and mean transaminase levels [alanine aminotransferase (ALT) -28.3 ± 11.9 IU/L, P = 0.0001; aspartate aminotransferase (AST) -6.4 ± 56.3 IU/L, P = 0.01] were observed. These benefits were maintained after 16 wk of wash-out and also after 16 wk of low-fat diet, without further improvements. Fourteen of the 20 patients had intestinal permeability alteration at baseline (mean percentage retention of 51Cr-EDTA = 5.4%), but no significant changes in intestinal permeability were observed at the end of the 16 wk of the Mediterranean diet or 16 wk of the low-fat diet. CONCLUSION: Mediterranean diet is an effective strategy for treating overweight, visceral obesity and serum transaminase in patients with NAFLD. If the Mediterranean diet can improve intestinal permeability in patients with NAFLD, it deserves further investigation. FAU - Biolato, Marco
Dietary omega-3 fatty acids for women.; This review details the specific needs of women for omega-3 fatty acids, including alpha linoleic acid (ALA) and the very long chain fatty acids eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Omega-3 fatty acid (dietary or in capsules) ensures that a woman's adipose tissue contains a reserve of these fatty acids for the developing fetus and the breast-fed newborn infant. This ensures the optimal cerebral and cognitive development of the infant. The presence of large quantities of EPA and DHA in the diet slightly lengthens pregnancy, and improves its quality. Human milk contains both ALA and DHA, unlike that of other mammals. Conditions such as diabetes can alter the fatty acid profile of mother's milk, while certain diets, like those of vegetarians, vegans, or even macrobiotic diets, can have the same effect, if they do not include seafood. ALA, DHA and EPA, are important for preventing ischemic cardiovascular disease in women of all ages. Omega-3 fatty acids can help to prevent the development of certain cancers, particularly those of the breast and colon, and possibly of the uterus and the skin, and are likely to reduce the risk of postpartum depression, manic-depressive psychosis, dementias (Alzheimer's disease and others), hypertension, toxemia, diabetes and, to a certain extend, age-related macular degeneration. Omega-3 fatty acids could play a positive role in the prevention of menstrual syndrome and postmenopausal hot flushes. The normal western diet contains little ALA (less than 50% of the RDA). The only adequate sources are rapeseed oil (canola), walnuts and so-called "omega-3" eggs (similar to wild-type or Cretan eggs). The amounts of EPA and DHA in the diet vary greatly from person to person. The only good sources are fish and seafood, together with "omega-3" eggs. FAU - Bourre, Jean-Marie
Screening of antidiabetic and antioxidant activities of medicinal plants.; Diabetes is a common metabolic disorder characterized by abnormally increased plasma glucose levels. Postprandial hyperglycemia plays an essential role in development of type-2 diabetes. Inhibitors of carbohydrate-hydrolyzing enzymes (such as α-glucosidase and α-amylase) offer an effective strategy to regulate/prevent hyperglycemia by controlling starch breakdown. Natural α-amylase and α-glucosidase inhibitors, as well as antioxidants from plant-based sources, offer a source of dietary ingredients that affect human physiological function in order to treat diabetes. Several research studies have investigated the effectiveness of plant-based inhibitors of α-amylase and α-glucosidase, as well as their antioxidant activity. The aim of this review is to summarize the antidiabetic and antioxidant properties of several medicinal plants around the world. Half inhibitory concentration (IC50, for enzyme suppression) and half effective concentration (EC50, for antioxidant activity) values of less than 500 μg/mL were defined as the most potent plant-based inhibitors (in vitro) and are expected to provide interesting candidates for herbal treatment of diabetes, as foods, supplements, or refined drugs. FAU - Shori, Amal Bakr
4-Hydroxyisoleucine: a plant-derived treatment for metabolic syndrome.; The plant fenugreek has been used for centuries as a treatment for diabetes. This article presents evidence that the major isomer of 4-hydroxyisoleucine, an atypical branched-chain amino acid derived from fenugreek, is responsible for the effects of this plant on glucose and lipid metabolism. 4-Hydroxyisoleucine was demonstrated to stimulate glucose-dependent insulin secretion by a direct effect on pancreatic islets. In addition to stimulating insulin secretion, 4-hydroxyisoleucine reduced insulin resistance in muscle and/or liver by activating insulin receptor substrate-associated phosphoinositide 3 (PI3) kinase activity. 4-Hydroxyisoleucine also reduced body weight in diet-induced obese mice. The decrease in body weight was associated with a marked decrease in both plasma insulin and glucose levels, both of which are elevated in this animal model. Finally, 4-hydroxyisoleucine decreased elevated plasma triglyceride and total cholesterol levels in a hamster model of diabetes. Based on the beneficial metabolic properties that have been demonstrated, 4-hydroxyisoleucine, a simple, plant-derived amino acid, may represent an attractive new candidate for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, obesity and dyslipidemia, all key components of metabolic syndrome. FAU - Jetté, Lucie
Consumption of special diet among Finnish adolescents in 1979-2001: repeated national cross-sectional surveys.; OBJECTIVE: To study consumption of special diet (disease-related and non disease-related) among Finnish adolescents during 1979-2001. METHODS: Self-administered questionnaires were mailed to nationally representative samples of 12- (except in 1979), 14-, 16-, and 18-year-olds in 1979, 1993, 1997, 1999 and 2001. RESULTS: The total number of respondents was 33998. The response rate declined from 78% in 1979 to 70% in 2001. Consumption of special diet increased from 1979 to 2001: in 14-year-old girls from 4% to 24%, boys from 1% to 12%; 16-year-old girls from 5% to 29%, boys from 3% to 11%; and 18-year-old girls from 9% to 30%, boys from 3% to 16%. An increase was observed both in the consumption of disease-related diets (diabetic, lactose intolerance, allergies), and in non disease-related diets (weight reducing, sports and body-building, vegetarianism, other). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to special diet is partly explained by an increased prevalence of certain diseases (lactose intolerance, allergies, diabetes). Increase in vegetarianisms and diets related to body weight or shape are most likely explained by fads, ideals created by media, and by growing ecological awareness. FAU - Kosonen, Helli
Milk and dairy products: good or bad for human health? An assessment of the totality of scientific evidence.; BACKGROUND: There is scepticism about health effects of dairy products in the public, which is reflected in an increasing intake of plant-based drinks, for example, from soy, rice, almond, or oat. OBJECTIVE: This review aimed to assess the scientific evidence mainly from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomised controlled trials, on dairy intake and risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, cancer, and all-cause mortality. RESULTS: The most recent evidence suggested that intake of milk and dairy products was associated with reduced risk of childhood obesity. In adults, intake of dairy products was shown to improve body composition and facilitate weight loss during energy restriction. In addition, intake of milk and dairy products was associated with a neutral or reduced risk of type 2 diabetes and a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, particularly stroke. Furthermore, the evidence suggested a beneficial effect of milk and dairy intake on bone mineral density but no association with risk of bone fracture. Among cancers, milk and dairy intake was inversely associated with colorectal cancer, bladder cancer, gastric cancer, and breast cancer, and not associated with risk of pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, or lung cancer, while the evidence for prostate cancer risk was inconsistent. Finally, consumption of milk and dairy products was not associated with all-cause mortality. Calcium-fortified plant-based drinks have been included as an alternative to dairy products in the nutrition recommendations in several countries. However, nutritionally, cow's milk and plant-based drinks are completely different foods, and an evidence-based conclusion on the health value of the plant-based drinks requires more studies in humans. CONCLUSION: The totality of available scientific evidence supports that intake of milk and dairy products contribute to meet nutrient recommendations, and may protect against the most prevalent chronic diseases, whereas very few adverse effects have been reported. FAU - Thorning, Tanja Kongerslev
Ameliorative Effect of Hexane Extract of Phalaris canariensis on High Fat Diet-Induced Obese and Streptozotocin-Induced Diabetic Mice.; Obesity is one of the major factors to increase various disorders like diabetes. The present paper emphasizes study related to the antiobesity effect of Phalaris canariensis seeds hexane extract (Al-H) in high-fat diet- (HFD-) induced obese CD1 mice and in streptozotocin-induced mild diabetic (MD) and severely diabetic (SD) mice.AL-H was orally administered to MD and SD mice at a dose of 400 mg/kg once a day for 30 days, and a set of biochemical parameters were studied: glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, lipid peroxidation, liver and muscle glycogen, ALP, SGOT, SGPT, glucose-6-phosphatase, glucokinase, hexokinase, SOD, CAT, GSH, GPX activities, and the effect on insulin level. HS-H significantly reduced the intake of food and water and body weight loss as well as levels of blood glucose, serum cholesterol, triglyceride, lipoprotein, oxidative stress, showed a protective hepatic effect, and increased HDL-cholesterol, serum insulin in diabetic mice. The mice fed on the high-fat diet and treated with AL-H showed inhibitory activity on the lipid metabolism decreasing body weight and weight of the liver and visceral adipose tissues and cholesterol and triglycerides in the liver. We conclude that AL-H can efficiently reduce serum glucose and inhibit insulin resistance, lipid abnormalities, and oxidative stress in MD and SD mice. Our results demonstrate an antiobesity effect reducing lipid droplet accumulation in the liver, indicating that its therapeutic properties may be due to the interaction plant components soluble in the hexane extract, with any of the multiple targets involved in obesity and diabetes pathogenesis. FAU - Perez Gutierrez, Rosa Martha
Barriers to healthy eating among Norwegian-Pakistani women participating in a culturally adapted intervention.; AIMS: To explore barriers to healthy dietary changes experienced by Pakistani immigrant women participating in a culturally adapted intervention, and whether these barriers were associated with intentions to change dietary behaviours. METHODS: Participants were randomly assigned to control and intervention group. The 7-month intervention consisted of six educational group sessions on diet and physical activity, based on knowledge about Pakistani lifestyle and focusing on blood glucose control. Data on barriers for and intentions to healthy dietary changes were collected through an interview with help of a questionnaire. The article is based on data from follow-up assessments in the intervention group, comprising 82 women, aged 28-62 years, without a history of type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: The most important barriers to healthy dietary changes were preferences of children and other family members and perceived expectations during social gatherings. The perceived pressure from other family members was especially strong when the women were trying to change to more vegetables, lentils, and fish and to use less oil in food preparation. The barriers were inversely related to intentions to change. CONCLUSIONS: The women encountered various types of barriers when trying to change to healthier food habits, the most prominent being those related to the social dimensions of food consumption, as well as to awareness of the amount of oil used for cooking. FAU - Råberg Kjøllesdal, Marte K
Effects of the Mediterranean diet supplemented with coenzyme q10 on metabolomic profiles in elderly men and women.; BACKGROUND: Characterization of the variations in the metabolomic profiles of elderly people is a necessary step to understand changes associated with aging. This study assessed whether diets with different fat quality and supplementation with coenzyme Q10 (CoQ) affect the metabolomic profile in urine analyzed by proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy from elderly people. METHODS: Ten participants received, in a cross-over design, four isocaloric diets for 4-week periods each: Mediterranean diet supplemented with CoQ (Med + CoQ diet); Mediterranean diet; Western diet rich in saturated fat diet; low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet enriched in n-3 polyunsaturated fat. RESULTS: Multivariate analysis showed differences between diets when comparing Med + CoQ diet and saturated fat diet, with greater hippurate urine levels after Med + CoQ diet and higher phenylacetylglycine levels after saturated fat diet in women. Following consumption of Med + CoQ, hippurate excretion was positively correlated with CoQ and β-carotene plasma levels and inversely related to Nrf2, thioredoxin, superoxide dismutase 1, and gp91(phox) subunit of NADPH oxidase gene expression. After saturated fat diet consumption, phenylacetylglycine excretion was inversely related to CoQ plasma level and positively correlated with isoprostanes urinary level. CONCLUSIONS: The association between hippurate excretion and antioxidant biomarkers along with the relationship between phenylacetylglycine excretion and oxidant biomarkers suggests that the long-term consumption of a Med + CoQ diet could be beneficial for healthy aging and a promising challenge in the prevention of processes related to chronic oxidative stress, such as cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disease.
Nutritional control of fetal growth.; Maternal micronutrient nutrition is an important determinant of size and body composition of the fetus. Maternal iron, iodine, calcium, folate, vitamin A, and vitamin C nutrition all influence offspring size. The Pune Maternal Nutrition Study was designed to study the relationship between maternal nutrition and fetal growth, size at birth, and postnatal growth. Maternal circulating folate and vitamin C concentrations predicted larger offspring size, while higher ferritin levels predicted smaller-sized babies. Subclinical vitamin B12 deficiency is common in India, especially in vegetarians, and children born to mothers with the lowest vitamin B12 but the highest folate status were the most adipose and the most insulin resistant. Furthermore, the relationship between maternal nutrition, fetal growth, and risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease appears to be much more complex than the simplistic postulates of the "fetal origins" hypothesis. FAU - Yajnik, Chittaranjan
Polyphenols and their effects on diabetes management: A review.; Background: Type 2 diabetes is a growing public health problem and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. The worldwide prevalence of type 2 diabetes is rising. Polyphenols, such as flavonoids, phenolic acid, and stilbens, are a large and heterogeneous group of phytochemicals in plant-based foods. In this review, we aimed at assessing the studies on polyphenols and diabetes management. Methods: A literature search in the PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, and ISI Web of Science databases was conducted to identify relevant studies published from 1986 to Jan 2017. Results: Several animal models and a limited number of human studies have revealed that polyphenols decrease hyperglycemia and improve acute insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity. The possible mechanisms include decrease in glucose absorption in the intestine, inhibition of carbohydrates digestion, stimulation of insulin secretion, modulation of glucose release from the liver, activation of insulin receptors and glucose uptake in insulin-sensitive tissues, modulation of intracellular signaling pathways, and gene expression. Conclusion: Growing evidence indicates that various dietary polyphenols may influence blood glucose at different levels and may also help control and prevent diabetes complication. However, we still need more clinical trials to determine the effects of polyphenols- rich foods, their effective dose, and mechanisms of their effects in managing diabetes. FAU - Aryaeian, Naheed
Diet and adipose tissue distributions: The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Dietary quality affects cardiometabolic risk, yet its pathways of influence on regional adipose tissue depots involved in metabolic and diabetes risk are not well established. We aimed to investigate the relationship between dietary quality and regional adiposity. METHODS AND RESULTS: We investigated 5079 individuals in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) who had food-frequency questionnaires and measurement of pericardial fat and hepatic attenuation at the baseline study visit in MESA, as well as a subgroup with imaging for visceral and subcutaneous fat (N = 1390). A dietary quality score (DietQuality) was constructed to include established food group constituents of a Mediterranean-type diet. Linear models estimated associations of dietary score as well as its constituents with regional adiposity. Baseline mean age was 61 (± 10) years, and approximately half of the participants (47%) were male. Those with a higher DietQuality score were generally older, female, with a lower body mass index, C-reactive protein, and markers of insulin resistance. After adjustment, a higher DietQuality score was associated with lower visceral fat (lowest vs. highest dietary score quartile: 523.6 vs. 460.5 cm(2)/m; P < 0.01 for trend), pericardial fat (47.5 vs. 41.3 cm(3)/m; P < 0.01 for trend), lesser hepatic steatosis (by hepatic attenuation; 58.6 vs. 60.7 Hounsfield units; P < 0.01 for trend), but not subcutaneous fat (P = 0.39). Greater fruits, vegetables, whole grains, seeds/nuts and yogurt intake were associated with decreased adiposity, while red/processed meats were associated with greater regional adiposity. CONCLUSION: A higher quality diet pattern is associated with less regional adiposity, suggesting a potential mechanism of beneficial dietary effects on diabetes, metabolic, and cardiovascular risk.
The 2010 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: part 2 - therapy.; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and treatment of hypertension in adults for 2010. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, randomized trials and systematic reviews of trials were preferentially reviewed. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the general lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progressive renal impairment was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome among patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane Collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2008 to August 2009 to update the 2009 recommendations. To identify additional studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by both content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat hypertension, restrict dietary sodium to 1500 mg (65 mmol) per day in adults 50 years of age or younger, to 1300 mg (57 mmol) per day in adults 51 to 70 years of age, and to 1200 mg (52 mmol) per day in adults older than 70 years of age; perform 30 min to 60 min of moderate aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (less than 102 cm for men and less than 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 standard drinks per week for men or nine standard drinks per week for women; follow a diet that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources, and that is low in saturated fat and cholesterol; and consider stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated on the patient's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to less than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to less than 130/80 mmHg in patients with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. Antihypertensive therapy should be considered in all adult patients regardless of age (caution should be exercised in elderly patients who are frail). For adults without compelling indications for other agents, considerations for initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics, angiotensin- converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in patients who are not black), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first-line agents may also be considered as initial treatment of hypertension if systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above target or if diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above target. The combination of ACE inhibitors and ARBs should not be used, unless compelling indications are present to suggest consideration of dual therapy. Agents appropriate for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include thiazide diuretics, long-acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with coronary artery disease, ACE inhibitors, ARBs or betablockers are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with proteinuric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (if intolerant to ACE inhibitors) are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. In selected high-risk patients in whom combination therapy is being considered, an ACE inhibitor plus a long-acting dihydropyridine CCB is preferable to an ACE inhibitor plus a thiazide diuretic. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian lipid treatment guidelines. Selected patients with hypertension who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy, but who are otherwise at high risk for cardiovascular events, should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, low-dose acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to the strength of the evidence and voted on by the 63 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 80% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually. SPONSORS: The Canadian Hypertension Education Program process is sponsored by the Canadian Hypertension Society, Blood Pressure Canada, the Public Health Agency of Canada, the College of Family Physicians of Canada, the Canadian Pharmacists Association, the Canadian Council of Cardiovascular Nurses, and the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada. FAU - Hackam, Daniel G
Intake of carbohydrates during pregnancy in obese women is associated with fat mass in the newborn offspring.; BACKGROUND: Transmission of obesity across generations is of concern. Offspring of obese women have short- and long-term increased morbidities. A high intake of carbohydrate during pregnancy combined with impaired glucose tolerance is postulated to result in high birth weight, which is linked to subsequent metabolic disease. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to examine the association between carbohydrate intake in obese pregnant women and their offspring's body composition. DESIGN: Secondary analyses were performed in an observational setting of 222 pregnant women with a pregestational BMI (in kg/m(2)) ≥30 participating in a randomized controlled trial. Diet was assessed at gestational weeks 11-14 and 36-37 by using a semiquantitative food-frequency questionnaire. Body composition in the offspring was assessed at birth by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Relative fat mass (%) was the primary outcome. Absolute measures (total fat, abdominal fat, and lean body mass) were secondary outcomes. RESULTS: Mean ± SD weight and absolute and relative fat mass in the offspring at birth were 3769 ± 542 g, 436 ± 214 g, and 11% ± 4%, respectively. Maternal intake of digestible carbohydrates was associated with the offspring's relative fat mass in late (P-trend = 0.006) but not early (P-trend = 0.15) pregnancy. A comparison of mothers in the highest (median: 238 g/d) compared with the lowest (median: 188 g/d) quartile of digestible carbohydrate intake showed a mean adjusted higher value in the offspring's relative fat mass of 2.1% (95% CI: 0.6%, 3.7%), which corresponded in absolute terms to a 103-g (95% CI: 27, 179-g) higher fat mass. Abdominal fat mass was also higher. In a strata of women with well-controlled glucose (2-h glucose values ≤6.6 mmol/L), no association between carbohydrate intake and offspring fat mass was observed, but the associations became significant and increased in strength with higher intolerance (strata with 2-h glucose values between 6.7-7.7 and ≥7.8 mmol/L). CONCLUSION: In obese women, even those without gestational diabetes but with impaired glucose tolerance, a lower carbohydrate intake at moderate levels in late gestation is associated with a lower fat mass in their offspring at birth. The TOP study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01345149.
Association of Adherence to The Mediterranean Diet with Urinary Factors Favoring Renal Lithiasis: Cross-Sectional Study of Overweight Individuals with Metabolic Syndrome. LID - 10.3390/nu11081708 [doi] LID - 1708; Our purpose was to study the relationship of adherence to the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) with urinary factors that favor the formation of renal calcium and uric acid stones in overweight and obese participants who had metabolic syndrome. This cross-sectional study examined 267 participants. A well-known MedDiet score (range 0-9) was calculated for each patient, and patients were then categorized has having low (≤3), medium (4-5), or high (≥6) adherence to the MedDiet. Baseline characteristics and urinary parameters were also analyzed. High calcium salt urinary crystallization risk (CaUCR) and high uric acid urinary crystallization risk (UrUCR) were calculated from urinary parameters using pre-defined criteria. More than half of patients with MedDiet scores ≤3 had high UrUCR (55.4%) and high CaUCR (53.8%). In contrast, fewer patients with high adherence (≥6) to the MedDiet had high UrUCR (41.2%) and high CaUCR (29.4%). Relative to those with low adherence, individuals with high adherence had a prevalence ratio (PR) of 0.77 for a high UrUCR (95% CI: 0.46-1.12; p for trend: 0.069) and a PR of 0.51 for a high CaUCR (95% CI: 0.26-0.87; p for trend: 0.012) after adjusting for age, sex, body mass index, type 2 diabetes, and total energy intake. Our findings indicate that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a reduced CaUCR and a reduced UrUCR. This suggests that adequate dietary management using the MedDiet patterns may prevent or reduce the incidence and recurrence of calcium salt and uric acid renal stones. FAU - Prieto, Rafael M
The 2008 Canadian Hypertension Education Program recommendations for the management of hypertension: part 2 - therapy.; OBJECTIVE: To update the evidence-based recommendations for the prevention and management of hypertension in adults. OPTIONS AND OUTCOMES: For lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, evidence was preferentially reviewed from randomized controlled trials and systematic reviews of trials. Changes in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes of interest. However, for lifestyle interventions, blood pressure lowering was accepted as a primary outcome given the lack of long-term morbidity and mortality data in this field. Progression of kidney dysfunction was also accepted as a clinically relevant primary outcome among patients with chronic kidney disease. EVIDENCE: A Cochrane collaboration librarian conducted an independent MEDLINE search from 2006 to August 2007 to update the 2007 recommendations. To identify additional published studies, reference lists were reviewed and experts were contacted. All relevant articles were reviewed and appraised independently by content and methodological experts using prespecified levels of evidence. RECOMMENDATIONS: For lifestyle modifications to prevent and treat hypertension, restrict dietary sodium intake to less than 100 mmol/day (and 65 mmol/day to 100 mmol/day in hypertensive patients); perform 30 min to 60 min of aerobic exercise four to seven days per week; maintain a healthy body weight (body mass index 18.5 kg/m(2) to 24.9 kg/m(2)) and waist circumference (smaller than 102 cm for men and smaller than 88 cm for women); limit alcohol consumption to no more than 14 units per week in men or nine units per week in women; follow a diet that is reduced in saturated fat and cholesterol, and one that emphasizes fruits, vegetables and low-fat dairy products, dietary and soluble fibre, whole grains and protein from plant sources; and consider stress management in selected individuals with hypertension. For the pharmacological management of hypertension, treatment thresholds and targets should be predicated on by the patient's global atherosclerotic risk, target organ damage and comorbid conditions. Blood pressure should be decreased to lower than 140/90 mmHg in all patients, and to lower than 130/80 mmHg in those with diabetes mellitus or chronic kidney disease. Most patients will require more than one agent to achieve these target blood pressures. For adults without compelling indications for other agents, initial therapy should include thiazide diuretics. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for diastolic and/or systolic hypertension include angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors (in nonblack patients), long-acting calcium channel blockers (CCBs), angiotensin receptor antagonists (ARBs) or beta-blockers (in those younger than 60 years of age). A combination of two first-line agents may also be considered for initial treatment of hypertension if systolic blood pressure is 20 mmHg above target or if diastolic blood pressure is 10 mmHg above target. Other agents appropriate for first-line therapy for isolated systolic hypertension include long-acting dihydropyridine CCBs or ARBs. In patients with angina, recent myocardial infarction or heart failure, beta-blockers and ACE inhibitors are recommended as first-line therapy; in patients with cerebrovascular disease, an ACE inhibitor/diuretic combination is preferred; in patients with proteinuric nondiabetic chronic kidney disease, ACE inhibitors are recommended; and in patients with diabetes mellitus, ACE inhibitors or ARBs (or, in patients without albuminuria, thiazides or dihydropyridine CCBs) are appropriate first-line therapies. All hypertensive patients with dyslipidemia should be treated using the thresholds, targets and agents outlined in the Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement (recommendations for the diagnosis and treatment of dyslipidemia and prevention of cardiovascular disease). Selected high-risk patients with hypertension but who do not achieve thresholds for statin therapy according to the position paper should nonetheless receive statin therapy. Once blood pressure is controlled, acetylsalicylic acid therapy should be considered. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to strength of the evidence and voted on by the 57 members of the Canadian Hypertension Education Program Evidence-Based Recommendations Task Force. All recommendations reported here achieved at least 95% consensus. These guidelines will continue to be updated annually. FAU - Khan, Nadia A
Role of oxidative stress and antioxidants in daily nutrition and human health.; Diet may be defined as a complex process that should involve a deeper comprehension of metabolism, energy balance, and the molecular pathways involved in cellular stress response and survival, gut microflora genetics, enzymatic polymorphism within the human population, and the role of plant-derived polyphenols in this context. Metabolic syndrome, encompassing pathologies with a relatively high morbidity, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease, is a bullet point of the big concern about how daily dietary habits should promote health and prevent metabolic impairments to prevent hospitalization and the need for health care. From a clinical point of view, very few papers deal with this concern, whereas most of the evidence reported focuses on in vitro and animal models, which study the activity of phytochemicals contained in the daily diet. A fundamental issue addressed by dietitians deals with the role exerted by redox-derived reactive species. Most plant polyphenols act as antioxidants, but recent evidence supports the idea that these compounds primarily activate a mild oxidative stress to elicit a positive, beneficial response from cells. How these compounds may act upon the detoxifying system exerting a scavenging role from reactive oxygen or nitrogen species is still a matter of debate; however, it can be argued that their role is even more complex than expected, acting as signaling molecules in the cross-talk mitochondria-endoplasmic reticulum and in enzymatic pathways involved in the energetic balance. In this relationship, a fundamental role is played by the brain-adipose tissue-gut axis. The aim of this review was to elucidate this topic and the state of art about the role of reactive species in cell signaling and the function of metabolism and survival to reappraise the role of plant-derived chemicals.
Maternal lipids are as important as glucose for fetal growth: findings from the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study.; OBJECTIVE: To study the relationship between maternal circulating fuels and neonatal size and compare the relative effects of glucose and lipids. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The Pune Maternal Nutrition Study (1993-1996) investigated the influence of maternal nutrition on fetal growth. We measured maternal body size and glucose and lipid concentrations during pregnancy and examined their relationship with birth size in full-term babies using correlation and regression techniques. RESULTS: The mothers (n = 631) were young (mean age 21 years), short (mean height 151.9 cm), and thin (BMI 18.0 kg/m(2)) but were relatively more adipose (body fat 21.1%). Their diet was mostly vegetarian. Between 18 and 28 weeks' gestation, fasting glucose concentrations remained stable, whereas total cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations increased and HDL-cholesterol concentrations decreased. The mean birth weight of the offspring was 2666 g. Total cholesterol and triglycerides at both 18 and 28 weeks and plasma glucose only at 28 weeks were associated directly with birth size. One SD higher maternal fasting glucose, cholesterol, and triglyceride concentrations at 28 weeks were associated with 37, 54, and 36 g higher birth weights, respectively (P < 0.05 for all). HDL-cholesterol concentrations were unrelated to newborn measurements. The results were similar if preterm deliveries also were included in the analysis (total n = 700). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest an influence of maternal lipids on neonatal size in addition to the well-established effect of glucose. Further research should be directed at defining the clinical relevance of these findings. FAU - Kulkarni, Smita R
Increasing long-chain n-3PUFA consumption improves small peripheral artery function in patients at intermediate-high cardiovascular risk.; Dietary long-chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCn-3PUFA) improve endothelial function in medium-large-sized arteries, but effects on small peripheral arteries, responsible for most arterial resistance, are little known. We investigated the effects of increasing LCn-3PUFA intake with the usual diet on small artery reactive hyperemia index (saRHI). Within a clinical trial evaluating the effects of 1 year of intensive lifestyle intervention versus standard care on cardiovascular markers in subjects at risk, we selected 108 participants regardless of treatment allocation (n=47 standard care; n=61 intensive intervention) with complete baseline and follow-up information on dietary, clinical, saRHI and biochemical data, including biomarkers of inflammation and endothelial activation. At the end of follow-up, saRHI increased across tertiles of change in dietary LCn-3PUFA. Subjects in the top tertile (increased LCn-3PUFA intake) increased serum ApoA1 and decreased hs-CRP, serum TNF-α, sICAM-1, sVCAM-1 and oxLDL from baseline. After pooling data, in unadjusted models, changes in saRHI significantly correlated to changes in LCn-3PUFA intake and ApoA1 (directly) and changes in systolic blood pressure, waist circumference, TNF-α, sVCAM-1 and sE-selectin (inversely). In a multivariate model, changes in dietary LCn-3PUFA were significantly associated with changes in saRHI [B=0.08 (95% confidence interval=0.083-0.291) for an increase by 100 mg/day]. Systolic blood pressure was inversely associated with saRHI changes [B=-0.203 (-0.441 to -0.029) for a 9-mmHg increase]. We conclude that increased dietary consumption of LCn-3PUFA might be a cost-effective strategy to improve peripheral vasoactivity.
Risk factors for all-cause and coronary heart disease mortality in the oldest-old. The Adventist Health Study.; BACKGROUND: The oldest-old population (> or = 84 years of age) is growing rapidly and consumes a disproportionate amount of health care dollars. Risk factors for disease have not been extensively studied in this group. METHODS: A cohort study of non-Hispanic white Seventh-Day Adventists from California allowed follow-up for mortality from 1976 through 1988. Associations between traditional risk factors, consumption of selected foods, and both coronary heart disease (CHD) and all-cause mortality were evaluated in the oldest-old portion of this population, using proportional hazards regression analyses. RESULTS: We observed 364 cases of CHD and 1387 total deaths during 11,828 person-years of follow-up. Men had higher risk of both all-cause mortality and mortality from CHD. The relative risks (RRs) associated with diabetes mellitus were 1.51 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.24-1.84; P < .001) for all deaths and 1.95 (95% CI, 1.38-2.76; P < .001) for mortality from CHD. The apparent effects of hypertension were small unless subjects were currently taking antihypertensive medications. Compared with those with no regular vigorous activity, subjects who exercised at least 3 times each week had RRs of death of 0.80 (95% CI, 0.70-0.91; P < .001) and 0.74 (95% CI, 0.56-0.97; P < .05) for mortality from CHD. Subjects who consumed nuts 5 times per week had RRs of death of 0.82 (95% CI, 0.70-0.96; P < .01) and 0.61 (95% CI, 0.45-0.83; P < .001) for death from CHD compared with those consuming nuts less than weekly. In men, regular consumption of donuts appeared hazardous for both all-cause mortality (RR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.05-1.88) and mortality from CHD (RR, 2.10; 95% CI, 1.15-3.81), and consumption of beef 4 times weekly was associated with a 2-fold RR for CHD compared with vegetarians, but there was no increase in risk for women. CONCLUSIONS: Even in the oldest-old, certain traditional risk factors and dietary habits are associated with mortality. FAU - Fraser, G E
Ethnopharmacological values of cassava and its potential for diabetes and dyslipidemia management: Knowledge survey and critical review of report.; BACKGROUND: Beyond nutritional values are the pharmacological potentials of cassava comparative with other staple carbohydrate plant-based foods such as wheat. The knowledge of applicability to diabetes and its cardiovascular complications management seems not just limited but unacknowledged. As a preliminary study, a community's knowledge of pharmacological value of cassava is investigated. METHODS: Descriptive observational study using questionnaire-based "cross-sectional" survey was conducted. 136 Participants completed the survey and 101 respondents were selected for evaluation. Open-ended questions were used qualitatively to generate experience and view cassava values for diabetes and dyslipidemia. While categorical (yes or no) questions were used quantitatively to generate numerical results for diabetes, critical reanalysis of a report data was performed, especially comparing carbohydrate/fiber and fat/fiber ratios of cassava with wheat in view of dyslipidemia. RESULT: On the positive side, 42% of the participants believe that cassava has medicinal values. This includes 6% (among the 42) who believes that the plant is useful in treating diabetes and 24% who do not know it may be useful in diabetes management. Critical review showed that cassava may contribute up to sixteen times more fiber and four times less digestible sugar, as well as carbohydrate/fiber and fat/fiber ratios being 14 and 55 times less than wheat. CONCLUSION: There is evidence that relative to wheat flour meal, for instance, cassava contributes less fat and much more fiber. Since fat is pro-obesity, which in turn is pro-diabetic/metabolic syndrome; and fiber is anti-dyslipidemic; cassava has pharmacological values to be appreciated over some carbohydrate plant-based foods. FAU - Nwose, Ezekiel Uba
Development of exchange lists for Mediterranean and Healthy Eating diets: implementation in an intervention trial.; BACKGROUND: There has been little research published on the adaptation of diabetic exchange list diet approaches for the design of intervention diets in health research despite their clinical utility. The exchange list approach can provide clear and precise guidance on multiple dietary changes simultaneously. The present study aimed to develop exchange list diets for Mediterranean and Healthy Eating, and to evaluate adherence, dietary intakes and markers of health risks with each counselling approach in 120 subjects at increased risk for developing colon cancer. METHODS: A randomised clinical trial was implemented in the USA involving telephone counselling. The Mediterranean diet had 10 dietary goals targeting increases in mono-unsaturated fats, n-3 fats, whole grains and the amount and variety of fruits and vegetables. The Healthy Eating diet had five dietary goals that were based on the US Healthy People 2010 recommendations. RESULTS: Dietary compliance was similar in both diet arms, with 82-88% of goals being met at 6 months, although subjects took more time to achieve the Mediterranean goals than the Healthy Eating goals. The relatively modest fruit and vegetable goals in the Healthy Eating arm were exceeded, resulting in fruit and vegetable intakes of approximately eight servings per day in each arm after 6 months. A significant (P < 0.05) weight loss and a decrease in serum C-reactive protein concentrations were observed in the overweight/obese subgroup of subjects in the Mediterranean arm in the absence of weight loss goals. CONCLUSIONS: Counselling for the Mediterranean diet may be useful for both improving diet quality and for achieving a modest weight loss in overweight or obese individuals.
Inhibition of circulating immune cell activation: a molecular antiinflammatory effect of the Mediterranean diet.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to the Mediterranean diet (Med-Diet) is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the molecular mechanisms involved are not fully understood. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to compare the effects of 2 Med-Diets with those of a low-fat diet on immune cell activation and soluble inflammatory biomarkers related to atherogenesis in subjects at high risk of CVD. DESIGN: In a controlled study, we randomly assigned 112 older subjects with diabetes or > or =3 CVD risk factors to 3 dietary intervention groups: Med-Diet with supplemental virgin olive oil (VOO), Med-Diet with supplemental nuts, and low-fat diet. Changes from baseline in cellular and serum inflammatory biomarkers were assessed at 3 mo. RESULTS: One hundred six participants (43% women; average age: 68 y) completed the study. At 3 mo, monocyte expression of CD49d, an adhesion molecule crucial for leukocyte homing, and of CD40, a proinflammatory ligand, decreased (P < 0.05) after both Med-Diets but not after the low-fat diet. Serum interleukin-6 and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1, inflammatory mediators crucial in firm adhesion of leukocytes to endothelial surfaces, decreased (P < 0.05) in both Med-Diet groups. Soluble vascular cellular adhesion molecule-1 and C-reactive protein decreased only after the Med-Diet with VOO (P < 0.05), whereas interleukin-6, soluble vascular cellular adhesion molecule-1, and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 increased (P < 0.05) after the low-fat diet. CONCLUSIONS: Med-Diets supplemented with VOO or nuts down-regulate cellular and circulating inflammatory biomarkers related to atherogenesis in subjects at high risk of CVD. The results support the recommendation of the Med-Diet as a useful tool against CVD. FAU - Mena, Mari-Pau
Protective Effects of Hesperidin (Citrus Flavonone) on High Glucose Induced Oxidative Stress and Apoptosis in a Cellular Model for Diabetic Retinopathy. LID - 10.3390/nu9121312 [doi] LID - 1312; The aim of this study was to investigate the protective effects and mechanisms of hesperidin, a plant based active flavanone found in citrus fruits, under the oxidative stress and apoptosis induced by high levels of glucose in retinal ganglial cells (RGCs). RGC-5 cells were pretreated with hesperidin (12.5, 25, or 50 μmol/L) for 6 h followed by exposure to high (33.3 mmol/L) d-glucose for 48 h. The 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay was adopted to evaluate cell viability. Mitochondrial function was estimated by measuring the mitochondrial membrane potential (ΔΨm). A fluorescent probe was employed to evaluate the intercellular production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). Colorimetric assay kits were used to evaluate lipid peroxidation, antioxidant enzyme activities, and protein carbonyls formation. The expression of apoptosis-related proteins and mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) were measured with Western blotting. Hesperidin inhibited high glucose-mediated cell loss and restored mitochondrial function including a reversion of ΔΨm loss and cytochrome c release. Treated with hesperidin, high glucose-induced increase in ROS, malondialdehyde, and protein carbonyl levels were blocked in RGC-5 cells. Hesperidin was found to elevate the activities of superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase, and to recover glutathione levels. Hesperidin inhibited high glucose-induced cell apoptosis by attenuating the downregulation of caspase-9, caspase-3, and Bax/Bcl-2. Furthermore, the phosphorylation of c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK) and p38 MAPK triggered by high glucose were attenuated in RGC-5 cells after their incubation with hesperdin. We concluded that hesperidin may protect RGC-5 cells from high glucose-induced injury since it owns the properties of antioxidant action and blocks mitochondria-mediated apoptosis. FAU - Liu, Wayne Young
Role of rs1501299 variant in the adiponectin gene on total adiponectin levels, insulin resistance and weight loss after a Mediterranean hypocaloric diet.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Several adiponectin gene (ADIPOQ) single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPS) have been related with adiponectin levels and risk for obesity. Our aim was to analyze the effects of rs1501299 ADIPOQ gene polymorphism on total adiponectin levels, insulin resistance and weight loss after a Mediterranean hypocaloric diet in obese subjects. METHODS: A Caucasian population of 82 obese patients was analyzed, before and after 3 months on a Mediterranean hypocaloric diet. Before and after 3 months on a hypocaloric diet, an anthropometric evaluation, an assessment of nutritional intake and a biochemical analysis were performed. RESULTS: After dietary treatment and in wild type group, weight, BMI, fat mass, leptin levels, systolic blood pressure and waist circumference decreases were similar to the mutant type group. In wild type group, the decrease in total cholesterol was -28.1 ± 15.3 mg/dl (mutant group: -12.6 ± 16.7 mg/dl:p = 0.009), LDL- cholesterol was -31.8 ± 20.5 mg/dl (-12.2 ± 11.5 mg/dl:p = 0.006), fasting glucose plasma -4.8 ± 2.5 mg/dL (-0.5 ± 0.1 mg/dL:p = 0.02), insulin -3.6 ± 1.5 mUI/L (+0.6 ± 1.1 mUI/L:p = 0.02) and HOMA-IR -1.2 ± 0.9 (-0.1 ± 1.1:p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: The present study suggests that T allele of ADIPO (rs1501299) could be a predictor of a lack of response of HOMA-IR, insulin, fasting glucose and LDL cholesterol secondary to a Mediterranean hypocaloric diet in obese subjects.
Impact of quality of dietary fat on serum cholesterol and coronary heart disease: focus on plant sterols and other non-glyceride components.; Elevated serum low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol is a strong risk factor for coronary heart disease; dietary as well as therapeutic regimens target reduction of serum LDL cholesterol to decrease the morbidity and mortality of coronary heart disease. The fatty acid composition of dietary fat has a marked impact on serum LDL cholesterol and other risk factors of diet-related chronic diseases (metabolic syndrome, diabetes and coronary heart disease). Besides fatty acids, which constitute > 95% of their content, fats in foods contain other fat-soluble chemicals collectively called non-glyceride components. Sterols are a major part of the non-glyceride components of fats in plant foods and get concentrated in vegetable oils. Current evidence suggests that properly solubilized plant sterols or stanols incorporated in ester or free form in various food formulations effectively restrict the absorption of both dietary and biliary cholesterol causing 10%-14% reduction in serum LDL cholesterol in normal, hyperlipidaemic and diabetic subjects. The carotenoid-lowering effect of foods enriched with plant sterols can be corrected by increasing the intake of foods rich in carotenoids. The use of foods enriched with plant sterols as a part of a heart-healthy diet is recommended only after consulting a clinician. Recent studies strongly suggest that even smaller amounts of sterols available from natural plant foods and vegetable oils are important dietary components for lowering serum LDL cholesterol. Furthermore, some of the other non-glyceride components of food fats have one or more of the following functions-vitamin activity, serum LDL cholesterol-lowering and antioxidant activity. Since the hypocholesterolaemic and antioxidant effects ofa combination of the non-glyceride components may be more than their individual effects, increasing dietary plant sterols and non-glyceride components from natural plant foods and vegetable oils could provide an additional dietary means for prevention/correction of dyslipidaemia and increasing the antioxidant potential of human diets. The food-based dietary guidelines recommended to ensure an optimal fat quality in the diet of Indians provide high levels of natural plant sterols and other health-promoting non-glyceride components in addition to adequate absolute levels of individual fatty acids and their optimal balance. National policies to promote these dietary guidelines may contribute to the prevention of coronary heart disease and other diet-related chronic diseases. FAU - Ghafoorunissa
[Fruits and vegetables].; Fruits and vegetables are particularly interesting for health for their content in minerals, antioxidant vitamins, phytochemicals and dietary fiber. All these substances are related to lower risk for the development of health probems, such as certain types of cancer, cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, obesity, constipation or diverticolsys. The sound basis of scientific evidence led European and American scientific organizations and societies to recommend an intake up to 150-200 g of vegetables every day; ie. 2 or more portions daily and 3 or more portions of fruit; five portions of fruit and vegetables all together. According to the consumer panel from the Spanish Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, between the late 80s and the end of the 90s. consumption of fruit and vegetables decreased. However, in late years this trend has slow down and even reversed. Results from food consumption studies based on individual level assessment in Spain estimate an average consumption of fruit and vegetables of 154 g/per person/day in adults aged 25-60 yr. Prevalence of inadequate intake of fruit and vegetables is high among children and young people. In this age group above 70% of the population consume less than 3 portions of fruit every day on average. Reorientation of prevailing food patterns nowadays require investment in measures aimed at increasing the consumption of plant foods and estimulate healthy food habits in families. FAU - Aranceta, Javier
Effect of changes in adherence to Mediterranean diet on nutrient density after 1-year of follow-up: results from the PREDIMED-Plus Study.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of overweight/obesity and related manifestations such as metabolic syndrome (MetS) is increasing worldwide. High energy density diets, usually with low nutrient density, are among the main causes. Some high-quality dietary patterns like the Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) have been linked to the prevention and better control of MetS. However, it is needed to show that nutritional interventions promoting the MedDiet are able to improve nutrient intake. OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of improving MedDiet adherence on nutrient density after 1 year of follow-up at the PREDIMED-Plus trial. METHODS: We assessed 5777 men (55-75 years) and women (60-75 years) with overweight or obesity and MetS at baseline from the PREDIMED-Plus trial. Dietary changes and MedDiet adherence were evaluated at baseline and after 1 year. The primary outcome was the change in nutrient density (measured as nutrient intake per 1000 kcal). Multivariable-adjusted linear regression models were fitted to analyse longitudinal changes in adherence to the MedDiet and concurrent changes in nutrient density. RESULTS: During 1-year follow-up, participants showed improvements in nutrient density for all micronutrients assessed. The density of carbohydrates (- 9.0%), saturated fatty acids (- 10.4%) and total energy intake (- 6.3%) decreased. These changes were more pronounced in the subset of participants with higher improvements in MedDiet adherence. CONCLUSIONS: The PREDIMED-Plus dietary intervention, based on MedDiet recommendations for older adults, maybe a feasible strategy to improve nutrient density in Spanish population at high risk of cardiovascular disease with overweight or obesity. FAU - Cano-Ibáñez, Naomi
Comparison of Toxic Metal Concentrations in Antidiabetic Herbal Preparations (ADHPs) Available in Bangladesh Using AAS and XRF Analytical Tools.; Widespread escalation of type 2 diabetes is a concern throughout the world. Developing countries are leading with patients suffering from diabetes-related complications. Plant-based therapeutic, antidiabetic herbal preparations (ADHPs) are being sought for long and the consumption is increasing in in Bangladesh. Plant-based antidiabetic preparations do not go through the screening procedure in terms of safety. Toxic metals in ADHPs have been investigated by two different methods: atomic absorption spectroscopy (AAS) and X-ray fluorescence (XRF). Then, metal concentrations obtained by AAS and XRF were compared. A total of eleven ADHPs were subjected to nondestructive XRF analysis and destructive AAS analysis. Results from the two methods were analyzed statistically by Pearson correlation coefficient (PCC), r (xy) . Pearson correlation coefficients were found to be -0.05, 0.94, and 1.00 for Mn, Cu, and Zn, respectively. Zn and Cu had significant strong positive correlation (r (xy)  = 1.00 and 0.94, respectively); however, very weak negative correlation was observed in Mn (r (xy)  = -0.05). The concentrations were regressed to observe the presence of linearity. Linear correlation was found for Zn and Cu which indicates a good agreement between AAS and XRF. However, very weak linear correlation in Mn indicates necessitating requirements for further investigation on getting scientific evidence of toxic metal assessment of the antidiabetic herbal preparations for searching and establishing instrumental agreement.
Plant-based corosolic acid: future anti-diabetic drug?; Diabetes is one of the nation's most prevalent, debilitating and costly diseases. For diabetes, frequent insulin treatment is very expensive and may increase anti-insulin antibody production, which may cause unwanted side effects. Corosolic acid may also have some efficacy in the treatment of diabetes, but without induction of anti-insulin antibodies. Recently, corosolic acid from Lagerstroemia speciosa L. leaf extracts has been reported to act via an indirect mechanism (unlike insulin) in animal experiments. The insulin-complementary anti-diabetic therapeutic value observed in these Japanese preliminary clinical trials has led to renewed interest in the biosynthesis of this compound. So far, there has been no clear evidence for a corosolic acid biosynthetic pathway in plants. This article provides possible roles of corosolic acid and hypothetical information on the biosynthetic pathway in plants. FAU - Sivakumar, Ganapathy
Flavonoids attenuate cardiovascular disease, inhibit phosphodiesterase, and modulate lipid homeostasis in adipose tissue and liver.; Plant flavonoids are widely distributed polyphenolic compounds of the human diet. They consist of six major classes based on specific structural differences: flavonols, flavones, flavanones, catechins, anthocyanidins, and isoflavones. All of the major classes of flavonoids are comprised of three six-membered rings: an aromatic A-ring fused to a heterocyclic C-ring that is attached through a single carbon-carbon bond to an aromatic Bring. Population studies have shown that flavonoid intake is inversely correlated with mortality from cardiovascular disease, and numerous flavonoids of dietary significance have been shown to beneficially impact parameters associated with atherosclerosis, including lipoprotein oxidation, blood platelet aggregation, and vascular reactivity. Therapeutic effects of flavonoids on platelet aggregability and blood pressure have been attributed to competitive inhibition of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase (PDE), an elevation in cAMP level, and subsequent activation of protein kinase A (cAMP-dependent protein kinase). In addition, flavonoids may induce neutral lipid hydrolysis from lipid stores through PDE inhibition in adipose tissue and liver. Indeed, the three-dimensional structure of many flavonoids is sterically and electrostatically compatible with the catalytic site of cAMP PDE3 and PDE4. Flavonoids have also been reported to suppress pathways of lipid biosynthesis and of very low-density lipoprotein production in cultured hepatocytes. Continued studies of the biochemical mechanisms underlying the biological effects of plant flavonoids may uncover new strategies for the treatment of cardiovascular disease, as well as associated conditions such as obesity, hepatic steatosis, and Type 2 diabetes. FAU - Peluso, Michael R
Components of a Mediterranean diet and their impact on cognitive functions in aging.; BACKGROUND: Adhering to the Mediterranean diet (MeDi) is known to be beneficial with regard to many age-associated diseases including cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. Recent studies also suggest an impact on cognition and brain structure, and increasing effort is made to track effects down to single nutrients. AIMS: We aimed to review whether two MeDi components, i.e., long-chain omega-3 fatty acids (LC-n3-FA) derived from sea-fish, and plant polyphenols including resveratrol (RSV), exert positive effects on brain health in aging. CONTENT: We summarized health benefits associated with the MeDi and evaluated available studies on the effect of (1) fish-consumption and LC-n3-FA supplementation as well as (2) diet-derived or supplementary polyphenols such as RSV, on cognitive performance and brain structure in animal models and human studies. Also, we discussed possible underlying mechanisms. CONCLUSION: A majority of available studies suggest that consumption of LC-n3-FA with fish or fishoil-supplements exerts positive effects on brain health and cognition in older humans. However, more large-scale randomized controlled trials are needed to draw definite recommendations. Considering polyphenols and RSV, only few controlled studies are available to date, yet the evidence based on animal research and first interventional human trials is promising and warrants further investigation. In addition, the concept of food synergy within the MeDi encourages future trials that evaluate the impact of comprehensive lifestyle patterns to help maintaining cognitive functions into old age. FAU - Huhn, Sebastian
Pythagorean self-awareness intervention: A novel cognitive stress management technique for body weight control.; BACKGROUND: Over the past decades, the prevalence of obesity has markedly increased worldwide. Stress is recognized as a substantial contributor to increased body weight; therefore, stress management interventions, especially cognitive behavioural, are becoming increasingly popular. The impact of stress management on stress- and obesity-related biomarkers (eg blood lipid profile, HBA1c, inflammatory biomarkers, such as CRP) has been scarcely studied. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of a novel cognitive behavioural stress management intervention, called 'Pythagorean Self-Awareness Intervention' (PSAI), in overweight/obese adults. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a two-armed 1:1 randomized, nonblind controlled study including overweight/obese individuals. The control group followed a personalized Mediterranean low-calorie diet, and the intervention group followed the same diet in addition to the PSAI intervention for 8 weeks. Measurements included demographic, anthropometric (ie BMI, waist-to-hip ratio), stress (ie perceived stress, salivary cortisol), dietary behaviour (ie emotional eating) and metabolic parameters (ie blood lipid profile, HBA1c, CRP, body composition in fat and water). Outcome per-protocol analysis was performed using mixed linear models adjusted for age and gender. RESULTS: A total of 49 of 62 eligible adults were analysed in the study (there were three dropouts in the intervention group and 10 dropouts in the control group); 28 were assigned to the intervention group (mean age 54.7 ± 11.9 years) and 21 to the control group (mean age 51.8 ± 11.9 years). The intervention group showed a statistically significant decrease in perceived stress, cortisol concentrations 30 minutes after awakening, cortisol's area under the curve, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio, restrained, emotional and external eating behaviour, fasting glucose, LDL, triglycerides, HbA1c and body and trunk fat, compared with the control group. Based on the observed effect sizes, clinically meaningful changes may be more evident in stress perception, restrained and external eating behaviour, Hb1ac and trunk fat. The compliance to the PSAI intervention reached 100%, and there were no adverse effects. CONCLUSIONS: The PSAI technique may be an effective stress management method for overweight/obese adults. Future and larger randomized controlled studies are needed to allow generalization of these findings.
The Association between Dietary Fat Pattern and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes.; Despite several studies examining single dietary fats on type 2 diabetes (T2D) incidence, little is known about the effects of multiple fatty acids on the risk of T2D. We aimed to address this question in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) population. Dietary intakes of participants without T2D (n=2,139) were assessed using the validated food frequency questionnaire. To assess the risk of T2D after 6 years of follow-up, we used multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression models. Three major dietary fat patterns were: (1) high amounts of dietary cholesterol, saturated fats, oleic acid, linoleic acid, linolenic acid, and trans fats; (2) high amounts of long-chain polyunsaturated fats; and (3) high amounts of dietary cholesterol and saturated fats. Dietary total fat intake hazard ratio [HR=1.31, 95% confidence interval (CI)=0.77~2.23 and HR=0.69, 95% CI=0.27~1.76, in the second and third tertile, respectively] was not related to the development of T2D. Animal- and plant-based dietary fat intakes were additionally not related to the risk of T2D. After adjustment for confounding variables, there was no significant association between dietary fat pattern score and T2D incidence. Whereas, the third pattern had a borderline negative association with diabetes development (HR=0.56, 95% CI=0.29~1.07). These novel data suggest that dietary fat composition may modify the risk of T2D incidence. FAU - Gaeini, Zahra
Therapeutic potential of seabuckthorn: a patent review (2000-2018).; Introduction: Seabuckthorn (SBT) has received worldwide attention for therapeutic, nutraceutical and cosmetic purposes. It is used for the treatment of a number of diseases. Hundreds of commercial products containing SBT are available in the market. Areas covered: This review article covers patents on the therapeutic potential of SBT and its chemical constituents. The therapeutic areas covered in this review include cancer, cardiovascular, diabetes, inflammation, anti-oxidant, and anti-microbial. The patents were searched through Sci-finder, Espacenet, Google Patent, and US Patent. Expert opinion: Plant-based drugs have played an important role in the modern drug industry. Since ancient times, SBT has been used to cure several ailments. SBT has emerged as an important plant, which has been investigated for numerous pharmacological properties and shown to be beneficial in a number of therapeutic areas. Several clinical trials have demonstrated the therapeutic potential of SBT for the treatment of many diseases including cardiovascular, inflammation, diabetes, platelet inhibition, etc. There is huge potential for developing standardized herbal products from different parts of SBT. FAU - Singh, Inder Pal
The Elevated Susceptibility to Diabetes in India: An Evolutionary Perspective.; India has rapidly become a "diabetes capital" of the world, despite maintaining high rates of under-nutrition. Indians develop diabetes at younger age and at lower body weights than other populations. Here, we interpret these characteristics in terms of a "capacity-load" model of glucose homeostasis. Specifically, we assume that glycemic control depends on whether the body's "metabolic capacity," referring to traits, such as pancreatic insulin production and muscle glucose clearance, is able to resolve the "metabolic load" generated by high levels of body fat, high dietary glycemic load, and sedentary behavior. We employ data from modern cohorts to support the model and the interpretation that elevated diabetic risk among Indian populations results from the high metabolic load imposed by westernized lifestyles acting on a baseline of low metabolic capacity. We attribute this low metabolic capacity to the low birth weight characteristic of Indian populations, which is associated with short stature and low lean mass in adult life. Using stature as a marker of metabolic capacity, we review archeological and historical evidence to highlight long-term declines in Indian stature associated with adaptation to several ecological stresses. Underlying causes may include increasing population density following the emergence of agriculture, the spread of vegetarian diets, regular famines induced by monsoon failure, and the undermining of agricultural security during the colonial period. The reduced growth and thin physique that characterize Indian populations elevate susceptibility to truncal obesity, and increase the metabolic penalties arising from sedentary behavior and high glycemic diets. Improving metabolic capacity may require multiple generations; in the meantime, efforts to reduce the metabolic load will help ameliorate the situation. FAU - Wells, Jonathan C K
[Clinical significance of extra vitamin supplements and enriched food products].; Consumers increasingly use vitamin supplements. Also, since June 1996, foodstuffs enriched with vitamins are available on the Dutch market. These sources of extra vitamins may be useful for groups at risk for marginal vitamin deficiencies. These risk groups include the chronically ill (e.g. diabetics), people using medicaments, older people and pregnant women. Extra vitamins from low-dose supplements or enriched foodstuffs may also constitute a valuable and safe supplement to the diet of children, smokers, people eating unbalanced, people on slimming diets, vegetarians and people engaged in intensive sports. According to the advisory group Nutrition of the Health Council, addition of vitamins to foodstuffs causes no risks of any importance for public health, apart from vitamins A and D and of the trace elements selenium, copper and zinc. Consequently, these should only be added to reconstituted foodstuffs or in a substitution product, not in enriched foodstuffs. FAU - Hermus, R J
Different berries and berry fractions have various but slightly positive effects on the associated variables of metabolic diseases on overweight and obese women.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Dietary habits have a major role in obesity, type 2 diabetes and atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases. In this study, we compared the effects of sea buckthorn (SB) and its fractions, and bilberries (BBs) on associated variables of metabolic diseases on overweight and obese women. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In total, 110 female volunteers were recruited, and they followed four different berry diets (BB, SB, SB phenolic extract (SBe) and SB oil (SBo)) in a randomized order for 33-35 days. Each intervention was followed by a wash-out period of 30-39 days. Blood samples were drawn and physical measurements were performed after each period. Eighty volunteers completed the study. RESULTS: There was statistically significant decrease in waist circumference after BB (Δ, -1.2 cm; P = 0.041) and SB (Δ, -1.1 cm; P = 0.008) periods and also a small decrease in weight after BB diet (Δ, -0.2 kg; P = 0.028). Vascular cell adhesion molecule decreased after BB (Δ, -49.8 ng/ml; P = 0.002) and SBo (Δ, -66.1 ng/ml; P = 0.001) periods, and in intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM) after SBe diet (Δ, -6.1 ng/ml; P = 0.028). CONCLUSIONS: Based on the results, it can be stated that different berries and berry fractions have various but slightly positive effects on the associated variables of metabolic diseases. FAU - Lehtonen, H-M
Prophylactic Potential of Conventional and Supercritical Garlic Extracts to Alleviate Diet Related Malfunctions.; OBJECTIVES: The present research was tailored to explore the prophylactic role of garlic extracts to mitigate some diet related malfunctions. The recent patents regarding antidiabetic agents (US 20140147528 A1) and garlic compositions (US 20110129580 A1) also helped in the study design. METHODS: Bioevaluation trials were conducted on Sprague Dawley rats by feeding garlic extracts for a period of sixty days. Accordingly, three studies were carried out comprising of normal, hyperglycemic and hypercholesterolemic rats. Drink & feed intakes and weight gain were measured throughout the trial. After sixty days, collected sera from rats were analyzed for serum cholesterol, LDL, HDL & triglyceride levels and glucose & insulin concentrations. Finally, the data obtained were subjected to statistical modeling. RESULTS: Results concerning the bioevaluation trials revealed that maximum 12.39% reduction was observed in serum cholesterol in Study III (hypercholesterolemic rats) on the provision of garlic supercritical extract (nutraceutical diet) followed by 10.24% decline in rats fed on solvent extract supplemented diet (functional diet). Regarding LDL, maximum decrease (17.02%) was recorded on the administration of diet having garlic supercritical extract to the hypercholesterolemic rats. While in Study II (hyperglycemic rats) maximum decrease of 11.03% in glucose level was recorded in rats fed on supercritical extract containing diet. In the same group maximum increase in insulin (7.95%) was recorded. CONCLUSIONS: From the current investigations, it can be concluded that garlic based designer foods possess the prophylactic perspectives to alleviate the risk of metabolic ailments. Thus, it can be used in the diet based therapeutic interventions as an adjuvant to pharmaceuticals.
Total and Subtypes of Dietary Fat Intake and Its Association with Components of the Metabolic Syndrome in a Mediterranean Population at High Cardiovascular Risk. LID - 10.3390/nu11071493 [doi] LID - 1493; Background: The effect of dietary fat intake on the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and in turn on cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains unclear in individuals at high CVD risk. Objective: To assess the association between fat intake and MetS components in an adult Mediterranean population at high CVD risk. Design: Baseline assessment of nutritional adequacy in participants (n = 6560, men and women, 55-75 years old, with overweight/obesity and MetS) in the PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED)-Plus randomized trial. Methods: Assessment of fat intake (total fat, monounsatured fatty acids: MUFA, polyunsaturated fatty acids: PUFA, saturated fatty acids: SFA, trans-fatty acids: trans-FA, linoleic acid, α-linolenic acid, and ω-3 FA) using a validated food frequency questionnaire, and diet quality using 17-item Mediterranean dietary questionnaire and fat quality index (FQI). Results: Participants in the highest quintile of total dietary fat intake showed lower intake of energy, carbohydrates, protein and fiber, but higher intake of PUFA, MUFA, SFA, TFA, LA, ALA and ω-3 FA. Differences in MetS components were found according to fat intake. Odds (5th vs. 1st quintile): hyperglycemia: 1.3-1.6 times higher for total fat, MUFA, SFA and ω-3 FA intake; low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c): 1.2 higher for LA; hypertriglyceridemia: 0.7 lower for SFA and ω-3 FA intake. Conclusions: Dietary fats played different role on MetS components of high CVD risk patients. Dietary fat intake was associated with higher risk of hyperglycemia. FAU - Julibert, Alicia
Anti-Obesity and Anti-Diabetic Effects of Acacia Polyphenol in Obese Diabetic KKAy Mice Fed High-Fat Diet.; Acacia polyphenol (AP) extracted from the bark of the black wattle tree (Acacia meansii) is rich in unique catechin-like flavan-3-ols, such as robinetinidol and fisetinidol. The present study investigated the anti-obesity/anti-diabetic effects of AP using obese diabetic KKAy mice. KKAy mice received either normal diet, high-fat diet or high-fat diet with additional AP for 7 weeks. After the end of administration, body weight, plasma glucose and insulin were measured. Furthermore, mRNA and protein expression of obesity/diabetic suppression-related genes were measured in skeletal muscle, liver and white adipose tissue. As a result, compared to the high-fat diet group, increases in body weight, plasma glucose and insulin were significantly suppressed for AP groups. Furthermore, compared to the high-fat diet group, mRNA expression of energy expenditure-related genes (PPARα, PPARδ, CPT1, ACO and UCP3) was significantly higher for AP groups in skeletal muscle. Protein expressions of CPT1, ACO and UCP3 for AP groups were also significantly higher when compared to the high-fat diet group. Moreover, AP lowered the expression of fat acid synthesis-related genes (SREBP-1c, ACC and FAS) in the liver. AP also increased mRNA expression of adiponectin and decreased expression of TNF-α in white adipose tissue. In conclusion, the anti-obesity actions of AP are considered attributable to increased expression of energy expenditure-related genes in skeletal muscle, and decreased fatty acid synthesis and fat intake in the liver. These results suggest that AP is expected to be a useful plant extract for alleviating metabolic syndrome. FAU - Ikarashi, Nobutomo
Adherence to the Mediterranean diet is associated with lower prevalence of obesity among elderly people living in Mediterranean islands: the MEDIS study.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the present work was to evaluate the relationships between socio-demographic, clinical, lifestyle and psychological characteristics and the presence of obesity, among elderly individuals without known cardiovascular disease. METHODS: During 2005-2007, 553 elderly men and 637 elderly women (mean age 74 ± 7 years) from eight Mediterranean Islands in Greece and Cyprus were enrolled. The retrieved information included demographic, bio-clinical and dietary characteristics. The MedDietScore assessed adherence to the Mediterranean dietary pattern. RESULTS: The prevalence of obesity was 27% in males and 41% in females (P <0.001), while 48% of males and 39% of females were overweight. The prevalence of diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and hypertension was higher in the obese elderly than in the overweight or normal (P <0.001). After adjusting for various confounders, one unit increase in the MedDietScore was associated with 88% (P =0.07) lower likelihood of being obese; similarly, physical activity was associated with 81% lower likelihood of obesity (P <0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Roughly seven out of 10 of our elderly were overweight or obese, while the majority of them presented other co-morbidities, too. Greater adherence to the Mediterranean diet may reduce the burden of obesity among elderly individuals. FAU - Tyrovolas, Stefanos
Phytocompounds as Potential Agents to Treat Obesity-Cardiovascular Ailments. LID - 10.2174/1871525715666170830131217 [doi]; Obesity is no longer considered as a cosmetic issue as it is a potential risk factor to develop hypertension, type-2 diabetes, cardio vascular diseases (CVDs), infertility, arthritis etc. Apart from genetic factors, changes in life styles, food and work habits have lead to alarming raise in obesity ailments in both developed and developing countries. The excess and unutilized food takenin is converted into lipid components, primarily triglycerides and is stored in the liver, adipose and other tissues; if the positive energy balance extends a longer period it will lead to overweight, obesity and CVDs. Cardiovascular diseases are a group of disorders of the heart and blood vessels and cause greater mortality rate worldwide. Although a number of drugs have been developed to contain these diseases, most of them suffer from significant side effects and some of them have been even withdrawn from markets. In view of this, there is a growing emphasis for natural product based drugs. In this book chapter, the present scenario of obesity-CVDs and their causative factors are described besides mentioning currently available medications to treat them. The role of phytochemicals in treating obesity-CVDs and their possible mode of action is also highlighted. This study strengthens our understanding on obesity-CVDs and paves the way to develop novel and cost-effective plant based drugs/formulations with minimum side effects to treat these lifestyle based diseases.
Relation of Vegetarian Dietary Patterns With Major Cardiovascular Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies.; Background: Vegetarian dietary patterns are recommended for cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention and management due to their favorable effects on cardiometabolic risk factors, however, the role of vegetarian dietary patterns in CVD incidence and mortality remains unclear. Objective: To update the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) clinical practice guidelines for nutrition therapy, we undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis of the association of vegetarian dietary patterns with major cardiovascular outcomes in prospective cohort studies that included individuals with and without diabetes using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases were searched through September 6th, 2018. We included prospective cohort studies ≥1 year of follow-up including individuals with or without diabetes reporting the relation of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dietary patterns with at least one cardiovascular outcome. Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed study quality (Newcastle-Ottawa Scale). The pre-specified outcomes included CVD incidence and mortality (total CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke). Risk ratios for associations were pooled using inverse variance random effects model and expressed as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Heterogeneity was assessed (Cochran Q-statistic) and quantified (I (2)-statistic). The overall certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Results: Seven prospective cohort studies (197,737 participants, 8,430 events) were included. A vegetarian dietary pattern was associated with reduced CHD mortality [RR, 0.78 (CI, 0.69, 0.88)] and incidence [0.72 (0.61, 0.85)] but were not associated with CVD mortality [0.92 (0.84, 1.02)] and stroke mortality [0.92 (0.77, 1.10)]. The overall certainty of the evidence was graded as "very low" for all outcomes, owing to downgrades for indirectness and imprecision. Conclusions: Very low-quality evidence indicates that vegetarian dietary patterns are associated with reductions in CHD mortality and incidence but not with CVD and stroke mortality in individuals with and without diabetes. More research, particularly in different populations, is needed to improve the certainty in our estimates. Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov, identifier: NCT03610828. FAU - Glenn, Andrea J
An extract of Syzygium aromaticum represses genes encoding hepatic gluconeogenic enzymes.; Insulin action is impaired in diabetic patients, which leads to increased hepatic glucose production. Plants and herbs have been used for medicinal purposes, including the treatment of diabetes, for centuries. Since dietary management is a starting point for the treatment of diabetes, it is important to recognize the effect of plant-based compounds on tissues that regulate glucose metabolism, such as the liver. In a recent study, several herbs and spices were found to increase glucose uptake into adipocytes, an insulin-like effect. Our data reveal that Syzygium aromaticum (L.) Merrill and Perry (Myrtaceae) (commonly referred to as clove) extract acts like insulin in hepatocytes and hepatoma cells by reducing phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) and glucose 6-phosphatase (G6Pase) gene expression. Much like insulin, clove-mediated repression is reversed by PI3K inhibitors and N-acetylcysteine (NAC). A more global analysis of gene expression by DNA microarray analysis reveals that clove and insulin regulate the expression of many of the same genes in a similar manner. These results demonstrate that consumption of certain plant-based diets may have beneficial effects for the treatment of diabetes and indicate a potential role for compounds derived from clove as insulin-mimetic agents. FAU - Prasad, Ratna Chakraborty
Magnesium in human milk.; Reported concentrations for magnesium in breast milk vary over a wide range (15 to 64 mg/L) with a median value of 31 mg/L and 75% of reported mean concentrations below 35 mg/L. Constitutional variables such as adolescent motherhood, gestation length, maternal undernutrition, metabolic disorders (diabetes, galactosemia), race, stage of lactation, sampling techniques (foremilk and hindmilk), as well as environmental variables such as socio-cultural diversity, smoking habits, dietary calcium and magnesium (including supplementation), vegetarianism, calciotropic agents (immunoreactive calcitonin, vitamin D), medication (hormonal contraceptives, magnesium sulfate) are critically reviewed in relation to changes in milk magnesium concentrations. Magnesium secretion into breast milk does not seem to be affected by the studied variables. FAU - Dórea, J G
Fenugreek improves diet-induced metabolic disorders in rats.; Trigonella foenum-graecum L. (fenugreek) has been described earlier and its use in ancient medicinal practice is well known. The hypoglycemic effects of fenugreek have been studied in many animal models and diabetic patients. The purpose of this study was to examine the preventive efficiency of dietary fenugreek on diet-induced metabolic diseases in rats. The diets used in this study were a standard diet, a high-fat high-sucrose (HFS) diet, and a HFS diet containing 0.5 g/kg b. w./day fenugreek based on the modified version of the AIN-93G purified diet, for 12 weeks, respectively. The rats fed the HFS diet containing fenugreek showed significantly lower fasting insulin levels and HOMA-IR than the rats fed the HFS diet. Therefore, fenugreek improved insulin sensitivity in rats. The triglyceride and total cholesterol levels in the plasma were significantly lower in the fenugreek-administered group. Moreover, distinct reductions of triglyceride, total cholesterol, free fatty acid, and phospholipid levels in the liver were found in the rats fed the HFS diet containing fenugreek. These results suggest that fenugreek enhanced insulin sensitivity at least partly by improving lipid metabolism disorders in the plasma and the liver in the rats induced by the HFS diet.
Parent healthful eating attitudes and motivation are prospectively associated with dietary quality among youth with type 1 diabetes.; A family-based behavioral nutrition intervention grounded in Social Cognitive and Self-Determination Theories showed an increased intake of whole plant foods. This study examined 1) whether the intervention changed parent diet-related attitudes/beliefs, 2) whether these attitudes/beliefs were associated with youth diet quality, and 3) the moderating roles of youth age and parent nutritional knowledge. Youth with type 1 diabetes and their parents (n = 136, mean ± SD youth age = 12.6 ± 2.8 years) participated in an 18-month trial targeting intake of whole plant foods. Parents reported attitudes/beliefs (self-efficacy, outcome expectations, perceived barriers, autonomous and controlled motivation) for providing healthy food to their families, and type 1 diabetes-specific nutrition knowledge at 6, 12, and 18 months. Whole Plant Food Density (WPFD; cup or ounce equivalents per 1000 kcal of whole grains, fruit, vegetables, legumes, nuts and seeds) was calculated from 3-day youth food records. Linear mixed models estimated the intervention effect on parent attitudes/beliefs, associations of parent attitudes/beliefs with youth WPFD and the moderating roles of parent nutrition knowledge and youth age. There was no effect of the intervention on parent attitudes/beliefs. Across groups, higher parent self-efficacy and autonomous motivation were positively associated with youth WPF. Parent perceived barriers and negative outcome expectations were inversely associated with youth WPFD, especially when parents had higher nutrition knowledge. Youth age did not modify any associations. Parent diet-related attitudes/beliefs were associated with youth diet quality, highlighting the importance of parent psychosocial factors across this age range. Despite a positive effect on youth diet, the intervention did not affect parent attitudes/beliefs, suggesting it worked through a different mechanism. FAU - Eisenberg, Miriam H
Proceedings of the 3rd IPLeiria's International Health Congress : Leiria, Portugal. 6-7 May 2016.; S1 Health literacy and health education in adolescence Catarina Cardoso Tomás S2 The effect of a walking program on the quality of life and well-being of people with schizophrenia Emanuel Oliveira, D. Sousa, M. Uba-Chupel, G. Furtado, C. Rocha, A. Teixeira, P. Ferreira S3 Diagnosis and innovative treatments - the way to a better medical practice Celeste Alves S4 Simulation-based learning and how it is a high contribution Stefan Gisin S5 Formative research about acceptability, utilization and promotion of a home fortification programme with micronutrient powders (MNP) in the Autonomous Region of Príncipe, São Tomé and Príncipe Elisabete Catarino, Nelma Carvalho, Tiago Coucelo, Luís Bonfim, Carina Silva S6 Safety culture of the patient: a reflexion about the therapeutic approach on the patient with vocal pathology Débora Franco S7 About wine, fortune cookies and patient experience Jesús Alcoba González O1 The psychological impact on the emergency crews after the disaster event on February 20, 2010 Helena G. Jardim, Rita Silva O2 Musculoskeletal disorders in midwives Cristina L. Baixinho, Mª Helena Presado, Mª Fátima Marques, Mário E. Cardoso O3 Negative childhood experiences and fears of compassion: Implications for psychological difficulties in adolescence Marina Cunha, Joana Mendes, Ana Xavier, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O4 Optimal age to give the first dose of measles vaccine in Portugal João G. Frade, Carla Nunes, João R. Mesquita, Maria S. Nascimento, Guilherme Gonçalves O5 Functional assessment of elderly in primary care Conceição Castro, Alice Mártires, Mª João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho O6 Smoking and coronary events in a population of Spanish health-care centre: An observational study Francisco P. Caballero, Fatima M. Monago, Jose T. Guerrero, Rocio M. Monago, Africa P. Trigo, Milagros L. Gutierrez, Gemma M. Milanés, Mercedes G. Reina, Ana G. Villanueva, Ana S. Piñero, Isabel R. Aliseda, Francisco B. Ramirez O7 Prevalence of musculoskeletal injuries in Portuguese musicians Andrea Ribeiro, Ana Quelhas, Conceição Manso O8 Hip fractures, psychotropic drug consumption and comorbidity in patients of a primary care practice in Spain Francisco P. Caballero, Jose T. Guerrero, Fatima M. Monago, Rafael B. Santos, Nuria R. Jimenez, Cristina G. Nuñez, Inmaculada R. Gomez, Mª Jose L. Fernandez, Laura A. Marquez, Ana L. Moreno, Mª Jesus Tena Huertas, Francisco B. Ramirez O9 The role of self-criticism and shame in social anxiety in a clinical SAD sample Daniel Seabra, Mª Céu Salvador O10 Obstruction and infiltration: a proposal of a quality indicator Luciene Braga, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Bibiana F. Oliveira, Mª Adriana Henriques O11 Balance and anxiety and depression symptoms in old age people Joana Santos, Sara Lebre, Alda Marques O12 Prevalence of postural changes and risk factors in school children and adolescents in a northern region (Porto) Clarinda Festas, Sandra Rodrigues, Andrea Ribeiro, José Lumini O13 Ischemic stroke vs. haemorrhagic stroke survival rate Ana G. Figueiredo O14 Chronobiological factors as responsible for the appearance of locomotor pathology in adolescents Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Liliana Campi, Mª Pino Quintana-Montesdeoca, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvenida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera O15 Risk of malnutrition in the elderly of Bragança Alexandra Parente, Mª Augusta Mata, Ana Mª Pereira, Adília Fernandes, Manuel Brás O16 A Lifestyle Educational Programme for primary care diabetic patients: the design of a complex nursing intervention Mª Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Ana C. Rei, Lisete M. Mónico O17 Medication adherence in elderly people Gilberta Sousa, Clementina Morna, Otília Freitas, Gregório Freitas, Ana Jardim, Rita Vasconcelos O18 Hospitalization for cervical cancer of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Lina G. Horta, Roger S. Rosa, Luís F. Kranz, Rita C. Nugem, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin O19 Oncologic assistance of high complexity: evaluation of regulating accesses Rosiane Kniess, Josimari T. Lacerda O20 Perceived barriers for using health care services by the older population as seen by the social sector: findings from the Vila Nova de Gaia Gerontological Plan Joana Guedes, Idalina Machado, Sidalina Almeida, Adriano Zilhão, Helder Alves, Óscar Ribeiro O21 Sleep difficulties and depressive symptoms in college students Ana P. Amaral, Ana Santos, Joana Monteiro, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O22 Psychopathological symptoms and medication use in higher education Ana P. Amaral, Marina Lourenço, Mª Clara Rocha, Rui Cruz O23 Sexually transmitted diseases in higher education institutions Sandra Antunes, Verónica Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O24 Alcohol consumption and suicide ideation in higher education students Lídia Cabral, Manuela Ferreira, Amadeu Gonçalves O25 Quality of life in university students Tatiana D. Luz, Leonardo Luz, Raul Martins O26 Male and female adolescent antisocial behaviour: characterizing vulnerabilities in a Portuguese sample Alice Morgado, Maria L. Vale-Dias O27 Risk factors for mental health in higher education students of health sciences Rui Porta-Nova O28 International classification of functioning disability and health as reflexive reasoning in primary attention in health Tânia C. Fleig, Éboni M. Reuter, Miriam B. Froemming, Sabrina L. Guerreiro, Lisiane L. Carvalho O29 Risk factors and cardiovascular disease in Portalegre Daniel Guedelha, P. Coelho, A. Pereira O30 Health status of the elderly population living in Portalegre historic city centre: A longitudinal study António Calha, Raul Cordeiro O31 Student’s sleep in higher education: sleep quality among students of the IPB Ana Gonçalves, Ana Certo, Ana Galvão, Mª Augusta Mata O32 Trend in mortality from cervical cancer in the metropolitan area of Florianópolis, state of Santa Catarina, Brazil, 2000 to 2013 Aline Welter, Elayne Pereira, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia Kretzer O33 Adherence to treatment in the elderly in an urban environment in Spain Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Carla Jiménez-Rodríguez, Francisco-José Hernández-Martínez, Bienvenida-Del-Carmen Rodríguez-De-Vera, Alexandre Marques-Rodrigues O34 Beira Baixa Blood Pressure Study (Study PABB) Patrícia Coelho, Tiago Bernardes, Alexandre Pereira O35 Trends in cervical cancer mortality statistics in Santa Catarina State, Brazil, by age group and macro-region, from 2000 to 2013 Patrícia Sousa, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer O36 Sleep problems among Portuguese adolescents: a public health issue Odete Amaral, António Garrido, Nélio Veiga, Carla Nunes, Ana R. Pedro, Carlos Pereira O37 Association between body fat and health-related quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes António Almeia, Helder M. Fernandes, Carlos Vasconcelos, Nelson Sousa, Victor M. Reis, M. João Monteiro, Romeu Mendes O38 Therapy adherence and polypharmacy in non-institutionalized elderly from Amares county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, João Gama O39 Prevalence of surgical site infection in adults at a hospital unit in the North of Portugal Vera Preto, Norberto Silva, Carlos Magalhães, Matilde Martins O40 Frailty phenotype in old age: implications to intervention Mafalda Duarte, Constança Paúl, Ignácio Martín O41 Portuguese women: sexual symptoms in perimenopause Arminda A. Pinheiro O42 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – preliminary results of the categorical approach Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Mariana Marques, António Macedo, Ana T. Pereira O43 Aging and muscle strength in patients with type 2 diabetes: cross sectional analysis José P. Almeida, António Almeida, Josiane Alves, Nelson Sousa, Francisco Saavedra, Romeu Mendes O44 Accessibility of the elderly in the prevention of hypertension in a family health unit Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Luci S. Lopes, Eujcely C. Santiago O45 Community Health screenings and self-reported chronic diseases Sílvia Monteiro, Ângelo Jesus, Armanda Colaço, António Carvalho, Rita P. Silva, Agostinho Cruz O46 Evaluation of indoor air quality in Kindergartens Ana Ferreira, Catarina Marques, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O47 Atmospheric exposure to chemical agents under the occupational activity of pathology technicians Ana Ferreira, Carla Lopes, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo O48 Occupational exposure to air pollutants in night entertainment venues workers Ana Ferreira, Diana Ribeiro, Fernando Moreira, João P. Figueiredo, Susana Paixão O49 Beliefs and attitudes of young people towards breastfeeding Telma Fernandes, Diogo Amado, Jéssica Leal, Marcelo Azevedo, Sónia Ramalho O50 Profiling informal caregivers: surveying needs in the care of the elderly Catarina Mangas, Jaime Ribeiro, Rita Gonçalves O51 Visual health in teenagers Amélia F Nunes, Ana R. Tuna, Carlos R. Martins, Henriqueta D. Forte O52 Amenable mortality and the geographic accessibility to healthcare in Portugal Cláudia Costa, José A. Tenedório, Paula Santana O53 Bacterial contamination of door handles in a São Paulo See Metropolitan Cathedral public restrooms in Brazil J. A. Andrade, J. L. Pinto, C. Campofiorito, S. Nunes, A. Carmo, A. Kaliniczenco, B. Alves, F. Mendes, C. Jesus, F. Fonseca, F. Gehrke O54 Adherence of patients to rehabilitation programmes Carlos Albuquerque, Rita Batista, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira, Olivério Ribeiro, Rosa Martins O55 Prevalence of malnutrition among Portuguese elderly living in nursing homes: preliminary results of the PEN-3S project Teresa Madeira, Catarina Peixoto-Plácido, Nuno Santos, Osvaldo Santos, Astrid Bergland, Asta Bye, Carla Lopes, Violeta Alarcão, Beatriz Goulão, Nuno Mendonça, Paulo Nicola, João G. Clara O56 Relation between emotional intelligence and mental illness in health students João Gomes, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, Marina Cordeiro P1 Fall risk factors in people older than 50 years old – a pilot report Marlene C. Rosa, Alda Marques P2 What about the Portuguese oldest old? A global overview using census data Daniela Brandão, Óscar Ribeiro, Lia Araújo, Constança Paúl P3 Prevalence of injuries in senior amateur volleyball athletes in Alentejo and Algarve clubs, Portugal: factors associated Beatriz Minghelli, Sylvina Richaud P4 Shame feelings and quality of life: the role of acceptance and decentring Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P5 Assessment of social support during deployment in portuguese colonial war veterans Teresa Carvalho, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia P6 Hospitalization for acute viral bronchiolitis of residents in the metropolitan region of Porto Alegre, Southern Brazil, 2012 to 2014 Morgana C. Fernandes, Roger S. Rosa, Rita C. Nugem, Luís F. Kranz, Mariana S. Siqueira, Ronaldo Bordin P7 Falls-risk screening – an opportunity for preventing falls in the elderly from Nordeste Anabela C. Martins, Anabela Medeiros, Rafaela Pimentel, Andreia Fernandes, Carlos Mendonça, Isabel Andrade, Susana Andrade, Ruth L. Menezes P8 Aging provokes chronodisruption in mature people in temperature circadian rhythm Rafael Bravo, Marta Miranda, Lierni Ugartemendia, José Mª Tena, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Lorena Fuentes-Broto, Ana B. Rodríguez, Barriga Carmen P9 The influence of climate and pollution factors in dengue cases of great ABC region, São Paulo M. A. Carneiro, J. N. Domingues, S. Paixão, J. Figueiredo, V. B. Nascimento, C. Jesus, F Mendes, F. Gehrke, B. Alves, L. Azzalis, F. Fonseca P10 Visual function and impact of visual therapy in children with learning disabilities: a pilot study Ana R. Martins, Amélia Nunes, Arminda Jorge P11 Edentulism and the need of oral rehabilitation among institutionalized elderly Nélio Veiga, Ana Amorim, André Silva, Liliana Martinho, Luís Monteiro, Rafael Silva, Carina Coelho, Odete Amaral, Inês Coelho, Carlos Pereira, André Correia P12 Therapy adherence of outpatients in the pharmacy services of a hospital unit Diana Rodrigues, Nídia Marante, Pedro Silva, Sara Carvalho, André Rts Araujo, Maximiano Ribeiro, Paula Coutinho, Sandra Ventura, Fátima Roque P13 Universal access and comprehensive care of oral health: an availability study Cristina Calvo, Manoela Reses P14 Is the respiratory function of children a predictor of air quality? Coimbra as a case study Jorge Conde, Ana Ferreira, João Figueiredo P15 Meaning-in-life of college students David Silva, Luís Seiça, Raquel Soares, Ricardo Mourão, Teresa Kraus O57 Training needs for nurses in palliative care Ana C. Abreu, José M. Padilha, Júlia M. Alves O58 Impact of computerized information systems in the global nurses’ workload: nurses’ perceptions and real-time Paulino Sousa, Manuel Oliveira, Joana Sousa O59 The perspective of health care professionals on self-care in hereditary neurodegenerative disease: a qualitative study Sónia Novais, Felismina Mendes O60 Contribution for health-related physical fitness reference values in healthy adolescents Joana Pinto, Joana Cruz, Alda Marques School of Health Sciences, University of Aveiro, 3810-193 Aveiro, Portugal O61 Perception of learning, satisfaction and self-efficacy of nursing students about High-Fidelity Simulation Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa O62 Analysis of statements of diagnosis about health deviation in self-care requisites customized in a Nursing Practice Support System (SAPE®): Management of therapeutic regimen Inês Cruz, Fernanda Bastos, Filipe Pereira O63 Hybrid management and hospital governance: doctors and nurses as managers Francisco L. Carvalho, Teresa T. Oliveira, Vítor R. Raposo O64 Time management in health professionals Conceição Rainho, José C. Ribeiro, Isabel Barroso, Vítor Rodrigues O65 Financial rewards and wellbeing in primary health care Carmo Neves, Teresa C. Oliveira O66 Patient safety promotion in the operating room Bárbara Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais, Pilar Baylina O67 Difficulties and needs of pre-graduate nursing students in the area of Geriatrics/Gerontology Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente O68 Teaching and learning sexuality in nursing education Hélia Dias, Margarida Sim-Sim O69 Entrepreneurial Motivations Questionnaire: AFC and CFA in academy Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Amélia Castilho, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, José Gomes, Marina Vaquinhas, Carla Carvalho, Lisete Mónico, Nuno Brito O70 Nursing intervention to patient with Permanent Pacemakers and Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillators: a qualitative analysis Cassilda Sarroeira, José Amendoeira, Fátima Cunha, Anabela Cândido, Patrícia Fernandes, Helena R. Silva, Elsa Silva O71 Alcohol consumption among nursing students: where does education fail? Isabel Barroso, Leila Lapa, Cristina Antunes O72 Labour stress in nursing Ana Gonçalves, Ana Galvão, Mª José Gomes, Susana R. Escanciano O73 The influence of safe staff nursing in patient satisfaction with nursing care Maria Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O74 Intention to use eHealth strategies with nursing students Ana R. Fernandes, Cremilde Cabral, Samuel Alves, Pedro Sousa O75 Community Based Mental Health: contributions of an interdisciplinary international program for students in higher health education António Ferreira, Fernanda Príncipe, Ulla-Maija Seppänen, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva O76 Study of satisfaction at work of graduates in nursing: 2002-2014 Manuela Ferreira, Joana Silva, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Bruno Santos, Soraia Duarte O77 Health professionals’ attitudes towards breastfeeding Sílvia Marques, Sónia Ramalho, Isabel Mendes O78 Continuity of nursing care to person with type 2 diabetes Clarisse Louro, Eva Menino, Maria Dixe, Sara S. Dias O79 Stigma toward mental illness among future health professionals Marina Cordeiro, Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes O80 Working with fears and anxieties of medical students in search of a humanized care Frederico C. Valim, Joyce O. Costa, Lúcia G. Bernardes P16 Surgical paediatrics patients’ psycho prophylaxis at a teaching hospital Helena Prebianchi P17 Patient-perceived outcomes in physiotherapy – a pilot study Marlene Cristina Rosa P18 Building competencies for managers in nursing Narcisa Gonçalves, Maria M. Martins, Paulina Kurcgant P19 Theoretical basis underlying physiotherapy practice in stroke rehabilitation André Vieira P20 When the life-cycle ends: the nurse’s confrontation with death Sandrina Bento, Sérgio Deodato, Isabel Rabiais P21 Nursing students’ opinion about the supervision relationship during their first clinical experience Laura Reis P22 Nursing Relational Laboratory: Pedagogical, dialogic and critical project Ana Torres, Sérgio Soares, Margarida Ferreira, Pedro Graça P23 Job satisfaction of bioscientists at a Lisbon hospital Céu Leitão, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém, Ana Almeida, Edna Ribeiro-Varandas, Ana Tavares P24 Sociodemographic and professional profile of nurses and its relation with the importance of family in nursing practices João G. Frade, Carolina Henriques, Eva Menino, Clarisse Louro, Célia Jordão P25 Professional satisfaction of rehabilitation nurses Sofia Neco, Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira P26 The person living with a stoma: the formalization of knowledge in nursing Carla R. Silva, Alice Brito, Antónia Silva P27 Validation of the Portuguese versions of the nursing students’ perceptions of learning and learner satisfaction with simulation tool Hugo Duarte, Maria Dos Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa P28 Physiotherapists’ perceived knowledge on technologies for electronic health records for physiotherapy Gabriela Postolache, Raul Oliveira, Isabel Moreira, Luísa Pedro, Sónia Vicente, Samuel Domingos, Octavian Postolache P29 Quality of life and physical activity of medicine undergraduate students in the University of Southern Santa Catarina, Brazil Darlen Silva, João G. Filho, Nazare Nazario, Marcia Kretzer, Dulcineia Schneider P30 The curricular skills for decision making education in a Nursing Degree Fátima M. Marques P31 Effect of nurses’ mobilization in satisfaction at work and turnover: An empirical study in the hospital setting Pedro Parreira, Carla Carvalho, Lisete M. Mónico, Carlos Pinto, Sara Vicente, São João Breda P32 Entrepreneurial skills of students of polytechnic higher education in Portugal: Business influences José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Salgueiro, João Graveto, Marina Vaquinhas, Amélia Castilho P33 Design and assessment of e-learning modules for Pharmacology Ângelo Jesus, Nuno Duarte, José C. Lopes, Hélder Nunes, Agostinho Cruz P34 Perspective of nurses involved in an action-research study on the changes observed in care provision: results from a focus group Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Pedro Parreira, Marta L. Basto, Luciene M. Braga P35 Use of peer feedback by nursing students during clinical training: teacher’s perception António Ferreira, Beatriz Araújo, José M. Alves, Margarida Ferreira, Maribel Carvalhais, Marilene Silva, Sónia Novais P36 What’s new on endotracheal suctioning recommendations Ana S. Sousa, Cândida Ferrito P37 Assessment of the nurses satisfaction on the Central Region of Portugal Pedro L. Ferreira, Alexandre Rodrigues, Margarida Ferreira, Isabel Oliveira P38 Study of graduate’s satisfaction with the school of nursing Manuela Ferreira, Jéssica Neves, Diana Costa, Soraia Duarte, Joana Silva, Bruno Santos P39 Partnership between the school of nursing and the hospital: Supervisors´ perspectives Cristina Martins, Ana P. Macedo, Odete Araújo, Cláudia Augusto, Fátima Braga, Lisa Gomes, Maria A. Silva, Rafaela Rosário P40 Coping strategies of college students Luís Pimenta, Diana Carreira, Patrícia Teles, Teresa Barros P41 Emotional intelligence and mental health stigma in health students Catarina Tomás, Ana Querido, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro P42 Stigma of mental health assessment: Comparison between health courses Daniel Carvalho, Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O81 Short- and long-term effects of pulmonary rehabilitation in mild COPD Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O82 Phonological awareness programme for preschool children Sylvie Capelas, Andreia Hall, Dina Alves, Marisa Lousada O83 REforma ATIVA: An efficient health promotion program to be implemented during retirement Mª Helena Loureiro, Ana Camarneiro, Margarida Silva, Aida Mendes, Ana Pedreiro O84 Intervention for men who batter women, a case report Anne G.Silva, Elza S. Coelho O85 Immediate effects of Bowen Therapy on muscle tone and flexibility Flávio Melo, Fernando Ribeiro, Rui Torres, Rui Costa O86 Predictive equation for incremental shuttle walk test in adolescents Tânia Pinho, Cristina Jácome, Alda Marques O87 Life satisfaction and psychopathology in institutionalized elderly people: The results of an adapted Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction program Bárbara Cruz, Daniel Seabra, Diogo Carreira, Maria Ventura O88 Outcome changes in COPD rehabilitation: exploring the relationship between physical activity and health-related outcomes Joana Cruz, Dina Brooks, Alda Marques O89 Assessing the effectiveness of a Complex Nursing Intervention M Rosário Pinto, Pedro Parreira, Marta Lima-Basto, Miguel Neves, Lisete M. Mónico O90 Psychotherapeutic intervention in addiction disorders: Change in psychopathological symptoms and emotional states Carla Bizarro, Marina Cunha, Ana Galhardo, Couto Margarida, Ana P. Amorim, Eduardo Silva O91 Economic impact of a nursing intervention program to promote self-management in COPD Susana Cruz, José M. Padilha, Jorge Valente O92 Multimodal acute pain management during uterine artery embolization in treatment of uterine myomas José T. Guerrero, Francisco P. Caballero, Rafael B. Santos, Estefania P. Gonzalez, Fátima M. Monago, Lierni U. Ugalde, Marta M. Vélez, Maria J. Tena O93 Fluid administration strategies in major surgery: Goal-directed therapy José T. Guerrero, Rafael Bravo, Francisco L. Pérez-Caballero, Isabel A. Becerra, Mª Elizabeth Agudelo, Guadalupe Acedo, Roberto Bajo O94 Development and implementation of a self-management educational programme using lay-led’s in adolescents Spina Bifida: A pilot study Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O95 Influence of chair-based yoga exercises on salivary anti-microbial proteins in institutionalized frail-elderly women: a preliminary study Guilherme Furtado, Mateus Uba-Chupel, Mariana Marques, Luís Rama, Margarida Braga, José P. Ferreira, Ana Mª Teixeira O96 High intensity interval training vs moderate intensity continuous training impact on diabetes 2 João Cruz, Tiago Barbosa, Ângela Simões, Luís Coelho O97 Family caregiver of people with pressure ulcer: Nursing intervention plan Alexandre Rodrigues, Juan-Fernando Jiménez-Díaz, Francisco Martinez-Hernández, Bienvenida Rodriguez-De-Vera, Pedro Ferreira, Alexandrina Rodrigues O98 Chronic effects of exercise on motor memory consolidation in elderly people André Ramalho, João Petrica, Pedro Mendes, João Serrano, Inês Santo, António Rosado O99 Impression cytology of the ocular surface: Collection technique and sample processing Paula Mendonça, Kátia Freitas O100 Does sport practice affect the reaction time in neuromuscular activity? Dora Ferreira, António Brito, Renato Fernandes O101 Efficiency of the enteral administration of fibbers in the treatment of chronic obstipation Sofia Gomes, Fernando Moreira, Cláudia Pinho, Rita Oliveira, Ana I. Oliveira O102 Fast decalcifier in compact bone and spongy bone Paula Mendonça, Ana P. Casimiro, Patrícia Martins, Iryna Silva O103 Health promotion in the elderly – Intervention project in dementia Diana Evangelista O104 Prevention of musculoskeletal disorders through an exercise protocol held in labour context Catarina Leitão, Fábia Velosa, Nélio Carecho, Luís Coelho O105 Knowledge of teachers and other education agents on diabetes type 1: Effectiveness of an intervention program Eva Menino, Anjos Dixe, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ester Gama, Clementina Gordo O106 Treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain: a systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Eliana Moreira, Cristiana Midões, Marlene Santos O107 New drugs for osteoporosis treatment: Systematic review of clinical trials of phase II and III Sara Machado, Vânia P. Oliveira, Marlene Santos O108 Promoting hope at the end of life: Effectiveness of an Intervention Programme Ana Querido, Anjos Dixe, Rita Marques, Zaida Charepe P43 Psychomotor therapy effects on adaptive behaviour and motor proficiency of adults with intellectual disability Ana Antunes, Sofia Santos P44 The effect of exercise therapy in multiple sclerosis – a single study case Marlene C. Rosa P45 Physical condition and self-efficacy in people with fall risk – a preliminary study Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P46 Shock waves: their effectiveness in improving the symptoms of calcifying tendinitis of the shoulder Beatriz Minghelli, Eulália Caro P47 Pacifier – construction and pilot application of a parenting intervention for parents of babies until six months in primary health care Mª José Luís, Teresa Brandão P48 The influence of Motor Imagery in fine motor skills of individuals with disabilities Pedro Mendes, Daniel Marinho, João Petrica, Diogo Monteiro, Rui Paulo, João Serrano, Inês Santo P49 Evaluation of the effects of a walking programme on the fall risk factors in older people – a longitudinal pilot study Lina Monteiro, Fátima Ramalho, Rita Santos-Rocha, Sónia Morgado, Teresa Bento P50 Nursing intervention programme in lifestyles of adolescents Gilberta Sousa, Otília Freitas, Isabel Silva, Gregório Freitas, Clementina Morna, Rita Vasconcelos P51 The person submitted to hip replacement rehabilitation, at home Tatiana Azevedo, Salete Soares, Jacinta Pisco P52 Effects of Melatonin use in the treatment of neurovegetative diseases Paulo P. Ferreira, Efrain O. Olszewer, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira P53 Review of Phytotherapy and other natural substances in alcohol abuse and alcoholism Erica Santos, Ana I. Oliveira, Carla Maia, Fernando Moreira, Joana Santos, Maria F. Mendes, Rita F. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho P54 Dietary programme impact on biochemical markers in diabetics: systematic review Eduarda Barreira, Ana Pereira, Josiana A. Vaz, André Novo P55 Biological approaches to knee osteoarthritis: platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P56 Platelet-rich plasma and hyaluronic acid intra-articular injections for the treatment of ankle osteoarthritis Luís D. Silva, Bruno Maia, Eduardo Ferreira, Filipa Pires, Renato Andrade, Luís Camarinha P57 The impact of preventive measures in the incidence of diabetic foot ulcers: a systematic review Ana F. César, Mariana Poço, David Ventura, Raquel Loura, Pedro Gomes, Catarina Gomes, Cláudia Silva, Elsa Melo, João Lindo P58 Dating violence among young adolescents Joana Domingos, Zaida Mendes, Susana Poeta, Tiago Carvalho, Catarina Tomás, Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe P59 Physical activity and motor memory in pedal dexterity André Ramalho, António Rosado, Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, Inês Garcia, João Petrica P60 The effects of whole body vibration on the electromyographic activity of thigh muscles Sandra Rodrigues, Rui Meneses, Carlos Afonso, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P61 Mental health promotion in the workplace Marina Cordeiro, Paulo Granjo, José C. Gomes P62 Influence of physical exercise on the self-perception of body image in elderly women: A systematic review of qualitative studies Nelba R. Souza, Guilherme E. Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, Paula Silva, Joana Carvalho O109 Psychometric properties of the Portuguese version of the Éxamen Geronto-Psychomoteur (P-EGP) Marina Ana Morais, Sofia Santos, Paula Lebre, Ana Antunes O110 Symptoms of depression in the elderly population of Portugal, Spain and Italy António Calha O111 Emotion regulation strategies and psychopathology symptoms: A comparison between adolescents with and without deliberate self-harm Ana Xavier, Marina Cunha, José Pinto-Gouveia O112 Prevalence of physical disability in people with leprosy Liana Alencar, Madalena Cunha, António Madureira O113 Quality of life and self-esteem in type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus patients Ilda Cardoso, Ana Galhardo, Fernanda Daniel, Vítor Rodrigues O114 Cross-cultural comparison of gross motor coordination in children from Brazil and Portugal Leonardo Luz, Tatiana Luz, Maurício R. Ramos, Dayse C. Medeiros, Bruno M. Carmo, André Seabra, Cristina Padez, Manuel C. Silva O115 Electrocardiographic differences between African and Caucasian people António Rodrigues, Patrícia Coelho, Alexandre Coelho O116 Factors associated with domestic, sexual and other types of violence in the city of Palhoça - Brazil Madson Caminha, Filipe Matheus, Elenice Mendes, Jony Correia, Marcia Kretzer O117 Tinnitus prevalence study of users of a hospital of public management - Spain Francisco J. Hernandez-Martinez, Juan F. Jimenez-Diaz, Bienvendida C. Rodriguez-De-Vera, Carla Jimenez-Rodriguez, Yadira Armas-Gonzalez O118 Difficulties experienced by parents of children with diabetes mellitus of preschool age in therapeutic and nutritional management Cátia Rodrigues, Rosa Pedroso O119 E-mental health - “nice to have” or “must have”? Exploring the attitudes towards e-mental health in the general population Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O120 Violence against children and adolescents and the role of health professionals: Knowing how to identify and care Milene Veloso, Celina Magalhães, Isabel Cabral, Maira Ferraz O121 Marital violence. A study in the Algarve population Filipe Nave, Emília Costa, Filomena Matos, José Pacheco O122 Clinical factors and adherence to treatment in ischemic heart disease António Dias, Carlos Pereira, João Duarte, Madalena Cunha, Daniel Silva O123 Can religiosity improve optimism in participants in states of illness, when controlling for life satisfaction? Lisete M. Mónico, Valentim R. Alferes, Mª São João Brêda, Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira O124 Empowerment, knowledge and quality of life of people with diabetes type 2 in the Alto Minho Health Local Unit Mª Carminda Morais, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Pimenta, José Boavida O125 Antihypertensive therapy adherence among hypertensive patients from Bragança county, Portugal Isabel C. Pinto, Tânia Pires, Catarina Silva O126 Subjective perception of sexual achievement - An exploratory study on people with overweight Maria Ribeiro, Maria Viega-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Ana Mª Pereira O127 Physical activity level and associated factors in hypertensive individuals registered in the family health strategy of a basic health unit from the city of Palhoça, Santa Catarina, Brazil Fabrícia M. Almeida, Gustavo L. Estevez, Sandra Ribeiro, Marcia R. Kretzer O128 Perception of functional fitness and health in non-institutionalised elderly from rural areas Paulo V. João, Paulo Nogueira, Sandra Novais, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Maria Mota O129 Medication adherence in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus treated at primary health care in Coimbra Rui Cruz, Luiz Santiago, Carlos Fontes-Ribeiro O130 Multivariate association between body mass index and multi-comorbidities in elderly people living in low socio-economic status context Guilherme Furtado, Saulo V. Rocha, André P. Coutinho, João S. Neto, Lélia R. Vasconcelos, Nelba R. Souza, Estélio Dantas O131 Metacognition, rumination and experiential avoidance in Borderline Personality Disorder Alexandra Dinis, Sérgio Carvalho, Paula Castilho, José Pinto-Gouveia O132 Health issues in a vulnerable population: nursing consultation in a public bathhouse in Lisbon Alexandra Sarreira-Santos, Amélia Figueiredo, Lurdes Medeiros-Garcia, Paulo Seabra O133 The perception of quality of life in people with multiple sclerosis accompanied in External Consultation of the Local Health Unit of Alto Minho Rosa Rodrigues, Mª Carminda Morais, Paula O. Fernandes O134 Representation of interaction established between immigrant women and nurse during pregnancy to postpartum, from the perspective of immigrant women Conceição Santiago, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo, Marta L. Basto O135 Illness perceptions and medication adherence in hypertension Teresa Guimarães, André Coelho, Anabela Graça, Ana M. Silva, Ana R. Fonseca O136 A Portuguese study on adults’ intimate partner violence, interpersonal trust and hope Luz Vale-Dias, Bárbara Minas, Graciete Franco-Borges P63 QOL’ predictors of people with intellectual disability and general population Cristina Simões, Sofia Santos P64 Content validation of the Communication Disability Profile (CDP) - Portuguese Version Ana Serra, Maria Matos, Luís Jesus P65 Study of biochemical and haematological changes in football players Ana S. Tavares, Ana Almeida, Céu Leitão, Edna Varandas, Renato Abreu, Fernando Bellém P66 Body image dissatisfaction in inflammatory bowel disease: exploring the role of chronic illness-related shame Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira, José Pinto-Gouveia, Joana Marta-Simões P67 Obesity and sleep in the adult population - a systematic review Odete Amaral, Cristiana Miranda, Pedro Guimarães, Rodrigo Gonçalves, Nélio Veiga, Carlos Pereira P68 Frequency of daytime sleepiness and obstructive sleep apnea risk in COPD patients Tânia C. Fleig, Elisabete A. San-Martin, Cássia L. Goulart, Paloma B. Schneiders, Natacha F. Miranda, Lisiane L. Carvalho, Andrea G. Silva P69 Working with immigrant-origin clients: discourses and practices of health professionals Joana Topa, Conceição Nogueira, Sofia Neves P70 Systemic Lupus Erythematosus – what are audiovestibular changes? Rita Ventura, Cristina Nazaré P71 Mental disorders in the oldest old: findings from the Portuguese national hospitalization database Daniela Brandão, Alberto Freitas, Óscar Ribeiro, Constança Paúl P72 Recurrence analysis in postural control in children with cerebral palsy Cristiana Mercê, Marco Branco, Pedro Almeida, Daniela Nascimento, Juliana Pereira, David Catela P73 The experience of self-care in the elderly with COPD: contributions to reflect proximity care Helga Rafael P74 Culturally competent nurses: managing unpredictability in clinical practice with immigrants Alcinda C. Reis O137 Paediatric speech and language screening: An instrument for health professionals Ana Mendes, Ana R. Valente, Marisa Lousada O138 Anthropometric and nutritional assessment in bodybuilders Diana Sousa, Ana L. Baltazar, Mª Helena Loureiro O139 Computerized adventitious respiratory sounds in children with lower respiratory tract infections Ana Oliveira, José Aparício, Alda Marques O140 Role of computerized respiratory sounds as a marker in LRTI Alda Marques, Ana Oliveira, Joana Neves, Rodrigo Ayoub O141 Confirmatory factor analysis of the Personal Wellbeing Index in people with chronic kidney disease Luís Sousa, Cristina Marques-Vieira, Sandy Severino, Helena José O142 Phonological awareness skills in school aged children Inês Cadorio, Marisa Lousada O143 Assessment of early memories of warmth and safeness in interaction with peers: its relationship with psychopathology in adolescence Marina Cunha, Diogo Andrade, Ana Galhardo, Margarida Couto O144 The molecular effects induced by single shot irradiation on a diffuse large B cell lymphoma cell line Fernando Mendes, Cátia Domingues, Susann Schukg, Ana M. Abrantes, Ana C. Gonçalves, Tiago Sales, Ricardo Teixo, Rita Silva, Jéssica Estrela, Mafalda Laranjo, João Casalta-Lopes, Clara Rocha, Paulo C. Simões, Ana B. Sarmento-Ribeiro, Mª Filomena Botelho, Manuel S. Rosa O145 Morpho-functional characterization of cardiac chambers by Transthoracic Echocardiography, in young athletes of gymnastics competition Virgínia Fonseca, Diogo Colaço, Vanessa Neves O146 Prevalence of the antibodies of the new histo-blood system – FORS system Carlos Jesus, Camilla Hesse, Clara Rocha, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Lola Svensson, Fernando Mendes, Wafa A. Siba, Cristina Pereira, Jorge Tomaz O147 Assessment of the war-related perceived threat in Portuguese Colonial War Veterans Teresa Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha O148 Pulse transit time estimation for continuous blood pressure measurement: A comparative study Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O149 Blood pressure assessment during standard clinical manoeuvres: A non-invasive PPT based approach Diana Duarte, Nuno V. Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O150 Development and initial validation of the Activities and Participation Profile related to Mobility (APPM) Anabela C. Martins O151 MEASYCare-2010 Standard–A geriatric evaluation system in primary health care: Reliability and validity of the latest version in Portugal Piedade Brandão, Laura Martins, Margarida Cardoso O152 Interrater and intrarater reliability and agreement of the range of shoulder flexion in the standing upright position through photographic assessment Nuno Morais, Joana Cruz O153 Three-dimensional biofabrication techniques for tissue regeneration Nuno Alves, Paula Faria, Artur Mateus, Pedro Morouço O154 A new computer tool for biofabrication applied to tissue engineering Nuno Alves, Nelson Ferreira, Artur Mateus, Paula Faria, Pedro Morouço O155 Development and psychometric qualities of a scale to measure the functional independence of adolescents with motor impairment Isabel Malheiro, Filomena Gaspar, Luísa Barros O156 Organizational Trust in Health services: Exploratory and Confirmatory factor analysis of the Organizational Trust Inventory- Short Form (OTI-SF) Pedro Parreira, Andreia Cardoso, Lisete Mónico, Carla Carvalho, Albino Lopes, Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira O157 Thermal symmetry: An indicator of occupational task asymmetries in physiotherapy Adérito Seixas, Valter Soares, Tiago Dias, Ricardo Vardasca, Joaquim Gabriel, Sandra Rodrigues O158 A study of ICT active monitoring adoption in stroke rehabilitation Hugo Paredes, Arsénio Reis, Sara Marinho, Vítor Filipe, João Barroso O159 Paranoia Checklist (Portuguese Version): Preliminary studies in a mixed sample of patients and healthy controls Carolina Da Motta, Célia B. Carvalho, José Pinto-Gouveia, Ermelindo Peixoto O160 Reliability and validity of the Composite Scale on Morningness: European Portuguese version, in adolescents and young adults Ana A. Gomes, Vanessa Costa, Diana Couto, Daniel R. Marques, José A. Leitão, José Tavares, Maria H. Azevedo, Carlos F. Silva O161 Evaluation scale of patient satisfaction with nursing care: Psychometric properties evaluation João Freitas, Pedro Parreira, João Marôco O162 Impact of fibromyalgia on quality of life: Comparing results from generic instruments and FIQR Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Gang Chen, Angelo Iezzi, José A. Sala, José A. Parraça, Narcis Gusi O163 Preliminary study of the adaptation and validation of the Rating Scale of Resilient Self: Resilience, self-harm and suicidal ideation in adolescents Jani Sousa, Mariana Marques, Jacinto Jardim, Anabela Pereira, Sónia Simões, Marina Cunha O164 Development of the first pressure ulcer in inpatient setting: Focus on length of stay Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Lindo, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo O165 Forms of Self-Criticizing and Self-Reassuring Scale: Adaptation and early findings in a sample of Portuguese children Célia B. Carvalho, Joana Benevides, Marina Sousa, Joana Cabral, Carolina Da Motta O166 Predictive ability of the Perinatal Depression Screening and Prevention Tool – Preliminary results of the dimensional approach Ana T. Pereira, Sandra Xavier, Julieta Azevedo, Elisabete Bento, Cristiana Marques, Rosa Carvalho, Mariana Marques, António Macedo O167 Psychometric properties of the BaSIQS-Basic Scale on insomnia symptoms and quality of sleep, in adults and in the elderly Ana M. Silva, Juliana Alves, Ana A. Gomes, Daniel R. Marques, Mª Helena Azevedo, Carlos Silva O168 Enlightening the human decision in health: The skin melanocytic classification challenge Ana Mendes, Huei D. Lee, Newton Spolaôr, Jefferson T. Oliva, Wu F. Chung, Rui Fonseca-Pinto O169 Test-retest reliability household life study and health questionnaire Pomerode (SHIP-BRAZIL) Keila Bairros, Cláudia D. Silva, Clóvis A. Souza, Silvana S. Schroeder O170 Characterization of sun exposure behaviours among medical students from Nova Medical School Elsa Araújo, Helena Monteiro, Ricardo Costa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal O171 Spirituality in pregnant women Carolina G. Henriques, Luísa Santos, Elisa F. Caceiro, Sónia A. Ramalho O172 Polypharmacy in older patients with cancer Rita Oliveira, Vera Afreixo, João Santos, Priscilla Mota, Agostinho Cruz, Francisco Pimentel O173 Quality of life of caregivers of people with advanced chronic disease: Translation and validation of the quality of life in life threatening illness - family carer version (QOLLTI-C-PT) Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa O174 The psychometric properties of the brief Other as Shamer Scale for Children (OAS-C): preliminary validation studies in a sample of Portuguese children Joana Benevides, Carolina Da Motta, Marina Sousa, Suzana N. Caldeira, Célia B. Carvalho O175 Measuring emotional intelligence in health care students – Revalidation of WLEIS-P Ana Querido, Catarina Tomás, Daniel Carvalho, João Gomes, Marina Cordeiro O176 Health indicators in prenatal assistance: The impact of computerization and of under-production in basic health centres Joyce O. Costa, Frederico C. Valim, Lígia C. Ribeiro O177 Hope genogram: Assessment of resources and interaction patterns in the family of the child with cerebral palsy Zaida Charepe, Ana Querido, Mª Henriqueta Figueiredo O178 The influence of childbirth type in postpartum quality of life Priscila S. Aquino, Samila G. Ribeiro, Ana B. Pinheiro, Paula A. Lessa, Mirna F. Oliveira, Luísa S. Brito, Ítalo N. Pinto, Alessandra S. Furtado, Régia B. Castro, Caroline Q. Aquino, Eveliny S. Martins O179 Women’s beliefs about pap smear test and cervical cancer: influence of social determinants Ana B Pinheiro, Priscila S. Aquino, Lara L. Oliveira, Patrícia C. Pinheiro, Caroline R. Sousa, Vívien A. Freitas, Tatiane M. Silva, Adman S. Lima, Caroline Q. Aquino, Karizia V. Andrade, Camila A. Oliveira, Eglidia F. Vidal O180 Validity of the Portuguese version of the ASI-3: Is anxiety sensitivity a unidimensional or multidimensional construct? Ana Ganho-Ávila, Mariana Moura-Ramos, Óscar Gonçalves, Jorge Almeida O181 Lifestyles of higher education students: the influence of self-esteem and psychological well-being Armando Silva, Irma Brito, João Amado P75 Assessing the quality of life of persons with significant intellectual disability: Portuguese version of Escala de San Martín António Rodrigo, Sofia Santos, Fernando Gomes P76 Childhood obesity and breastfeeding - A systematic review Marlene C. Rosa, Silvana F. Marques P77 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Foot and Ankle Ability Measure (FAAM) for the Portuguese population Sara Luís, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P78 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Patient-Rated Wrist Evaluation score (PRWE) for the Portuguese population Rui S. Lopes, Luís Cavalheiro, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Gonçalves P79 Cross-cultural adaptation of the Myocardial Infraction Dimensional Assessment Scale (MIDAS) for Brazilian Portuguese language Bruno H. Fiorin, Marina S. Santos, Edmar S. Oliveira, Rita L. Moreira, Elizabete A. Oliveira, Braulio L. Filho P80 The revised Portuguese version of the Three-Factor Eating Questionnaire: A confirmatory factor analysis Lara Palmeira, Teresa Garcia, José Pinto-Gouveia, Marina Cunha P81 Assessing weight-related psychological inflexibility: An exploratory factor analysis of the AAQW’s Portuguese version Sara Cardoso, Lara Palmeira, Marina Cunha; José Pinto-Gouveia P82 Validation of the Body Appreciation Scale-2 for Portuguese women Joana Marta-Simões, Ana L. Mendes, Inês A. Trindade, Sara Oliveira, Cláudia Ferreira P83 The Portuguese validation of the Dietary Intent Scale Ana L. Mendes, Joana Marta-Simões, Inês A. Trindade, Cláudia Ferreira P84 Construction and validation of the Inventory of Marital Violence (IVC) Filipe Nave P85 Portable continuous blood pressure monitor system Mariana Campos, Iris Gaudêncio, Fernando Martins, Lino Ferreira, Nuno Lopes, Rui Fonseca-Pinto P86 Construction and validation of the Scale of Perception of the Difficulties in Caring for the Elderly (SPDCE) Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente P87 Development and validation of a comfort rating scale for the elderly hospitalized with chronic illness Joana Silva, Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques P88 Construction and validation of the Postpartum Paternal Quality of Life Questionnaire (PP-QOL) Isabel Mendes, Rogério Rodrigues, Zaida Azeredo, Corália Vicente P89 Infrared thermal imaging: A tool for assessing diabetic foot ulcers Ricardo Vardasca, Ana R. Marques, Adérito Seixas, Rui Carvalho, Joaquim Gabriel P90 Pressure ulcers in an intensive care unit: An experience report Paulo P. Ferreira, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Ana S. Maia, Sebastião T. Oliveira, Pablo O. Costa, Maiza M. Silva P91 Validation of figures used in evocations: instrument to capture representations Cristina Arreguy-Sena, Nathália Alvarenga-Martins, Paulo F. Pinto, Denize C. Oliveira, Pedro D. Parreira, Antônio T. Gomes, Luciene M. Braga P92 Telephone assistance to decrease burden in informal caregivers of stroke older people: Monitoring and diagnostic evaluation Odete Araújo, Isabel Lage, José Cabrita, Laetitia Teixeira P93 Hope of informal caregivers of people with chronic and advanced disease Rita Marques, Mª Anjos Dixe, Ana Querido, Patrícia Sousa P94 Functionality and quality information from the Portuguese National Epidemiological Surveillance System Sara Silva, Eugénio Cordeiro, João Pimentel P95 Resting metabolic rate objectively measured vs. Harris and Benedict formula Vera Ferro-Lebres, Juliana A. Souza, Mariline Tavares O182 Characteristics of non-urgent patients: Cross-sectional study of an emergency department Mª Anjos Dixe, Pedro Sousa, Rui Passadouro, Teresa Peralta, Carlos Ferreira, Georgina Lourenço O183 Physical fitness and health in children of the 1st Cycle of Education João Serrano, João Petrica, Rui Paulo, Samuel Honório, Pedro Mendes O184 The impact of physical activity on sleep quality, in children Alexandra Simões, Lucinda Carvalho, Alexandre Pereira O185 What is the potential for using Information and Communication Technologies in Arterial Hypertension self-management? Sara Silva, Paulino Sousa, José M. Padilha O186 Exploring psychosocial factors associated with risk of falling in older patients undergoing haemodialysis Daniela Figueiredo, Carolina Valente, Alda Marques O187 Development of pressure ulcers on the face in patients undergoing non-invasive ventilation Patrícia Ribas, Joana Sousa, Frederico Brandão, Cesar Sousa, Matilde Martins O188 The elder hospitalized: Limiting factors of comfort Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques O189 Physical activity and health state self-perception by Portuguese adults Francisco Mendes, Rosina Fernandes, Emília Martins, Cátia Magalhães, Patrícia Araújo O190 Satisfaction with social support in the elderly of the district of Bragança Carla Grande, Mª Augusta Mata, Juan G. Vieitez O191 Prevalence of death by traumatic brain injury and associated factors in intensive care unit of a general hospital, Brazil Bruna Bianchini, Nazare Nazario, João G. Filho, Marcia Kretzer O192 Relation between family caregivers burden and health status of elderly dependents Tânia Costa, Armando Almeida, Gabriel Baffour O193 Phenomena sensitive to nursing care in day centre Armando Almeida, Tânia Costa, Gabriel Baffour O194 Frailty: what do the elderly think? Zaida Azeredo, Carlos Laranjeira, Magda Guerra, Ana P. Barbeiro O195 The therapeutic self-care as a nursing-sensitive outcome: A correlational study Regina Ferreira O196 Phonetic-phonological acquisition for the European Portuguese from 18 months to 6 years and 12 months Sara Lopes, Liliana Nunes, Ana Mendes O197 Quality of life of patients undergoing liver transplant surgery Julian Martins, Dulcineia Schneider, Marcia Kretzer, Flávio Magajewski O198 Professional competences in health: views of older people from different European Countries Célia Soares, António Marques O199 Life satisfaction of working adults due to the number of hours of weekly exercise Marco Batista, Ruth J. Castuera, Helena Mesquita, António Faustino, Jorge Santos, Samuel Honório O200 Therapeutic itinerary of women with breast cancer in Santa Maria City/RS Betina P. Vizzotto, Leticia Frigo, Hedioneia F. Pivetta O201 The breastfeeding prevalence at 4 months: Maternal experience as a determining factor Dolores Sardo O202 The impact of the transition to parenthood in health and well-being Cristina Martins, Wilson Abreu, Mª Céu Figueiredo P96 Self-determined motivation and well-being in Portuguese active adults of both genders Marco Batista, Ruth Jimenez-Castuera, João Petrica, João Serrano, Samuel Honório, Rui Paulo, Pedro Mendes P97 The geriatric care: ways and means of comforting Patrícia Sousa, Rita Marques P98 The influence of relative age, subcutaneous adiposity and physical growth on Castelo Branco under-15 soccer players 2015 António Faustino, Paulo Silveira, João Serrano, Rui Paulo, Pedro Mendes, Samuel Honório P99 Data for the diagnostic process focused on self-care – managing medication regime: An integrative literature review Catarina Oliveira, Fernanda Bastos, Inês Cruz P100 Art therapy as mental health promotion for children Cláudia K. Rodriguez, Márcia R. Kretzer, Nazaré O. Nazário P101 Chemical characterization of fungal chitosan for industrial applications Pedro Cruz, Daniela C. Vaz, Rui B. Ruben, Francisco Avelelas, Susana Silva, Mª Jorge Campos P102 The impact of caring older people at home Maria Almeida, Liliana Gonçalves, Lígia Antunes P103 Development of the first pressure ulcer in an inpatient setting: Focus on patients’ characteristics Pedro Sardo, Jenifer Guedes, João Simões, Paulo Machado, Elsa Melo P104 Association between General Self-efficacy and Physical Activity among Adolescents Susana Cardoso, Osvaldo Santos, Carla Nunes, Isabel Loureiro O203 Characterization of the habits of online acquisition of medicinal products in Portugal Flávia Santos, Gilberto Alves O204 Waiting room – A space for health education Cláudia Soar, Teresa O. Marsi O205 Safey culture evaluation in hospitalized children Ernestina Silva, Dora Pedrosa, Andrea Leça, Daniel Silva O206 Sexual Self-awareness and Body Image Ana Galvão, Maria Gomes, Paula Fernandes, Ana Noné O207 Perception of a Portuguese population regarding the acquisition and consumption of functional foods Jaime Combadão, Cátia Ramalhete, Paulo Figueiredo, Patrícia Caeiro O208 The work process in primary health care: evaluation in municipalities of southern Brazil Karine C. Fontana, Josimari T. Lacerda, Patrícia O. Machado O209 Exploration and evaluation of potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria isolated from Amazon buffalo milk Raphaelle Borges, Flávio Barbosa, Dayse Sá O210 Road safety for children: Using children’s observation, as a passenger Germana Brunhoso, Graça Aparício, Amâncio Carvalho O211 Perception and application of quality-by-design by the Pharmaceutical industry in Portugal Ana P. Garcia, Paula O. Fernandes, Adriana Santos O212 Oral health among Portuguese children and adolescents: a public health issue Nélio Veiga, Carina Brás, Inês Carvalho, Joana Batalha, Margarida Glória, Filipa Bexiga, Inês Coelho, Odete Amaral, Carlos Pereira O213 Plant species as a medicinal resource in Igatu-Chapada Diamantina (Bahia, Brazil) Cláudia Pinho, Nilson Paraíso, Ana I. Oliveira, Cristóvão F. Lima, Alberto P. Dias O214 Characterization of cognitive and functional performance in everyday tasks: Implications for health in institutionalised older adults Pedro Silva, Mário Espada, Mário Marques, Ana Pereira O215 BMI and the perception of the importance given to sexuality in obese and overweight people Ana Mª Pereira, Mª Veiga-Branco, Filomena Pereira, Maria Ribeiro O216 Analysis and comparison of microbiological contaminations of two different composition pacifiers Vera Lima, Ana I. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho, Graça Cruz, Rita F. Oliveira, Luísa Barreiros, Fernando Moreira O217 Experiences of couple relationships in the transition to retirement Ana Camarneiro, Mª Helena Loureiro, Margarida Silva O218 Preventive and corrective treatment of drug-induced calcium deficiency: an analysis in a community pharmacy setting Catarina Duarte, Ângelo Jesus, Agostinho Cruz O219 Profile of mood states in physically active elderly subjects: Is there a relation with health perception? Maria Mota, Sandra Novais, Paulo Nogueira, Ana Pereira, Lara Carneiro, Paulo V. João O220 (Un)Safety behaviour at work: the role of education towards a health and safety culture Teresa Maneca Lima O221 Analysis of the entrepreneurial profile of students attending higher education in Portugal: the Carland Entrepreneurship Index application Anabela Salgueiro-Oliveira, Marina Vaquinhas, Pedro Parreira, Rosa Melo, João Graveto, Amélia Castilho, José H. Gomes O222 Evaluation of welfare and quality of life of pregnant working women regarding the age of the pregnant María S. Medina, Valeriana G. Blanco O223 Psychological wellbeing protection among unemployed and temporary workers: Uncovering effective community-based interventions with a Delphi panel Osvaldo Santos, Elisa Lopes, Ana Virgolino, Alexandra Dinis, Sara Ambrósio, Inês Almeida, Tatiana Marques, Mª João Heitor O224 Chilean population norms derived from the Health-related quality of life SF-6D Miguel A. Garcia-Gordillo, Daniel Collado-Mateo, Pedro R. Olivares, José A. Parraça, José A. Sala O225 Motivation of college students toward Entrepreneurship: The influence of social and economic instability Amélia Castilho, João Graveto, Pedro Parreira, Anabela Oliveira, José H. Gomes, Rosa Melo, Marina Vaquinhas O226 Use of aromatic and medicinal plants, drugs and herbal products in Bragança city Mónia Cheio, Agostinho Cruz, Olívia R. Pereira O227 Edible flowers as new novel foods concept for health promotion Sara Pinto, Adriana Oliveira, M. Conceição Manso, Carla Sousa, Ana F. Vinha O228 The influence of leisure activities on the health and welfare of older people living in nursing homes Mª Manuela Machado, Margarida Vieira O229 Risk of falling, fear of falling and functionality in community-dwelling older adults Beatriz Fernandes, Teresa Tomás, Diogo Quirino O230 Musculoskeletal pain and postural habits in children and teenage students Gustavo Desouzart, Rui Matos, Magali Bordini, Pedro Mouroço O231 What's different in Southern Europe? The question of citizens’ participation in health systems Ana R. Matos, Mauro Serapioni O232 Occupational stress in Portuguese police officers Teresa Guimarães, Virgínia Fonseca, André Costa, João Ribeiro, João Lobato O233 Is occupational therapy culturally relevant to promote mental health in Burkina Faso? Inmaculada Z. Martin, Anita Björklund P105 Pay-for-performance satisfaction and quality in primary care Aida I. Tavares, Pedro Ferreira, Rui Passadouro P106 Economic development through life expectancy lenses Sónia Morgado P107 What is the effectiveness of exercise on smoking cessation to prevent clinical complications of smoking? Nuno Tavares, João Valente, Anabela C. Martins P108 A systematic review of the effects of yoga on mental health Patrícia Araújo, Rosina Fernandes, Francisco Mendes, Cátia Magalhães, Emília Martins P109 Healthy lifestyle: comparison between higher education students that lived until adult age in rural and urban environment Pedro Mendes, Rui Paulo, António Faustino, Helena Mesquita, Samuel Honório, Marco Batista P110 Evaluation of the Mobile Emergency Care Service (SAMU) in Brazil Josimari T. Lacerda, Angela B. Ortiga, Mª Cristina Calvo, Sônia Natal P111 Bioactive compounds - antioxidant activity of tropical fruits Marta Pereira P112 Use of non-pharmacological methods to relieve pain in labour Manuela Ferreira, Ana R. Prata, Paula Nelas, João Duarte P113 Mechanical safety of pacifiers sold in Portuguese pharmacies and childcare stores Juliana Carneiro, Ana I. Oliveira, Cláudia Pinho, Cristina Couto, Rita F. Oliveira, Fernando Moreira P114 The importance of prenatal consultation: Information to pregnant women given on a unit of primary care Ana S. Maia, Michelle T. Oliveira, Anderson R. Sousa, Paulo P. Ferreira, Géssica M. Souza, Lívia F. Almada, Milena A. Conceição, Eujcely C. Santiago P115 Influence of different backpack loading conditions on neck and lumbar muscles activity of elementary school children Sandra Rodrigues, Gabriela Domingues, Irina Ferreira, Luís Faria, Adérito Seixas P116 Efficacy and safety of dry extract Hedera helix in the treatment of productive cough Ana R. Costa, Ângelo Jesus, Américo Cardoso, Alexandra Meireles, Armanda Colaço, Agostinho Cruz P117 A portrait of the evaluation processes of education groups in primary health care Viviane L. Vieira, Kellem R. Vincha, Ana Mª Cervato-Mancuso P118 Benefits of vitamins C and E in sensorineural hearing loss: a review Melissa Faria, Cláudia Reis P119 BODY SNAPSHOT – a web-integrated anthropometric evaluation system Marco P. Cova, Rita T. Ascenso, Henrique A. Almeida, Eunice G. Oliveira P120 Anthropometric evaluation and variation during pregnancy Miguel Santana, Rafael Pereira, Eunice G. Oliveira, Henrique A. Almeida, Rita T. Ascenso P121 Knowledge of college students on the amendments of their eating habits and physical activity index in the transition to higher education Rita Jesus, Rodrigo Tapadas, Carolina Tim-Tim, Catarina Cezanne, Matilde Lagoa, Sara S. Dias, Jorge Torgal P122 Muscular activity of a rally race car driver João Lopes, Henrique Almeida, Sandra Amado, Luís Carrão O234 Literacy and results in health Madalena Cunha, Luís Saboga-Nunes, Carlos Albuquerque, Olivério Ribeiro O235 Literacy promotion and empowerment of type 2 diabetics elderly in four family health units of the group of health centers of Dão Lafões Suzete Oliveira, Mª Carminda Morais O236 Mediterranean diet, health and life quality among Portuguese children Emília Martins, Francisco Mendes, Rosina Fernandes, Cátia Magalhães, Patrícia Araújo O237 Health literacy, from data to action - translation, validation and application of the European Health Literacy Survey in Portugal (HLS-EU-PT) Ana R. Pedro, Odete Amaral, Ana Escoval O238 Oral health literacy evaluation in a Portuguese military population Victor Assunção, Henrique Luís, Luís Luís O239 Preferences to Internet-based cognitive behavioural therapy – do attachment orientations matter? Jennifer Apolinário-Hagen, Viktor Vehreschild O240 A comparative transnational study in health literacy between Austria and Portugal Ulrike Fotschl, Gerald Lirk, Anabela C. Martins, Isabel Andrade, Fernando Mendes O241 Health literacy and social behaviours: relationship with sexually transmitted diseases? Verónica Mendonça, Sandra Antunes, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes O242 Parenting styles and attachment to parents: what relationships? Paula A. Silva, Lisete M. Mónico, Pedro M. Parreira, Carla Carvalho O243 Work-life balance in health professionals and professors: comparative study of workers with shift work and fixed schedule Carla Carvalho, Pedro M. Parreira, Lisete M. Mónico, Joana Ruivo O244 Technology literacy in self-management of diabetes Vânia Silva, Paulino Sousa, José M. Padilha O245 Satisfaction with therapeutic education and its relationship with clinical variables in children with type 1 diabetes Vera Ferraz, Graça Aparício, João Duarte O246 Nutrition-related knowledge in middle-age and older patients with type 2 diabetes Carlos Vasconcelos, António Almeida, Joel Neves, Telma Correia, Helena Amorim, Romeu Mendes O247 Validating the HLS-EU-(PT) questionnaire to measure health literacy in adolescents (CrAdLiSa project: HLS-EU-PT) Luís Saboga-Nunes, Madalena Cunha, Carlos Albuquerque O248 Health education in people with coronary heart disease: Experience of the cardiology department of a hospital on the outskirts of Lisbon Elsa S. Pereira, Leonino S. Santos, Ana S. Reis, Helena R. Silva, João Rombo, Jorge C. Fernandes, Patrícia Fernandes O249 Information and training needs of informal caregivers of individuals with stroke sequelae: a qualitative survey Jaime Ribeiro, Catarina Mangas, Ana Freire O250 Prevention of psychoactive substances consumption in students from 6th grade of Albergaria-a-Velha´s School Group Sara Silva, Irene Francisco, Ana Oliveira O251 Promoting healthy sexuality: shared responsibility for family, youth and educators Helena Catarino, Mª Anjos Dixe, Mª Clarisse Louro O252 Sexual risk behaviour in adolescents and young people Saudade Lopes, Anjos Dixe O253 Knowledge of school staff on type 1 diabetes Mª Anjos Dixe, Eva Menino, Helena Catarino, Fátima Soares, Ana P. Oliveira, Sara Gordo, Teresa Kraus O254 Sexual health in adolescents: the impact of information search in literacy Catarina Tomás, Paulo Queirós, Teresa Rodrigues P123 Improving basic life support skills in adolescents through a training programme Pedro Sousa, João G. Frade, Catarina Lobão P124 Difficulties in sexual education reported by basic education teachers in the city of Foz do Iguaçu - Brazil Cynthia B. Moura, Laysa C. Dreyer, Vanize Meneghetti, Priscila P. Cabral P125 Breast cancer survivors: subjects and resources for information. A qualitative systematic review Francisca Pinto, Paulino Sousa, Mª Raquel Esteves P126 Relationship between health literacy and prevalence of STI in Biomedical Laboratory Science students Sofia Galvão, Ite Tytgat, Isabel Andrade, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes P127 Health literacy, risk behaviours and sexually transmitted diseases among blood donors Mónica Casas-Novas, Helena Bernardo, Isabel Andrade, Gracinda Sousa, Ana P. Sousa, Clara Rocha, Pedro Belo, Nádia Osório, Ana Valado, Armando Caseiro, António Gabriel, Anabela C. Martins, Fernando Mendes P128 Promoting literacy in pregnancy health-care Fátima Martins, Montserrat Pulido-Fuentes P129 The lifestyles of the operating assistants of education Isabel Barroso, Gil Cabral, M. João Monteiro, Conceição Rainho P130 Experiences of service-learning health and the literary art: reflections about the health education Alessandro Prado, Yara M. Carvalho P131 Life long swimming – a European Erasmus + project Maria Campos, Liliana Moreira, José Ferreira, Ana Teixeira, Luís Rama FAU - Tomás, Catarina Cardoso
Procyanidins improve some disrupted glucose homoeostatic situations: an analysis of doses and treatments according to different animal models.; This review analyses the potential beneficial effects of procyanidins, the main class of flavonoids, in situations in which glucose homeostasis is disrupted. Because the disruption of glucose homeostasis can occur as a result of various causes, we critically review the effects of procyanidins based on the specific origin of each type of disruption. Where little or no insulin is present (Type I diabetic animals), summarized studies of procyanidin treatment suggest that procyanidins have a short-lived insulin-mimetic effect on the internal targets of the organism, an effect not reproduced in normoglycemic, normoinsulinemic healthy animals. Insulin resistance (usually linked to hyperinsulinemia) poses a very different situation. Preventive studies using fructose-fed models indicate that procyanidins may be useful in preventing the induction of damage and thus in limiting hyperglycemia. But the results of other studies using models such as high-fat diet treated rats or genetically obese animals are controversial. Although the effects on glucose parameters are hazy, it is known that procyanidins target key tissues involved in its homeostasis. Interestingly, all available data suggest that procyanidins are more effective when administered in one acute load than when mixed with food. FAU - Pinent, Montserrat
Chemical profile and in vivo hypoglycemic effects of Syzygium jambos, Costus speciosus and Tapeinochilos ananassae plant extracts used as diabetes adjuvants in Puerto Rico.; BACKGROUND: The increasing numbers of people who use plant-based remedies as alternative or complementary medicine call for the validation of less known herbal formulations used to treat their ailments. Since Puerto Rico has the highest rate of Type 2 diabetes within all the states and territories of the United States, and Puerto Ricans commonly use plants as diabetes adjuvants, it is important to study the plants' physiological effects, and identify their bioactive compounds to understand their role in modulation of blood glucose levels. We present the phytochemical profiles and hypoglycemic effects of Tapeinochilus ananassae, Costus speciosus and Syzygium jambos. METHODS: Phytochemicals in methanolic and aqueous extracts were analyzed by thin layer chromatography (TLC). Alkaloids (Bromocresol green, λ=470 nm), flavonoids (AlCl3, λ=415 nm), saponins (DNS, λ=760 nm), tannins (FeCl3/K4Fe(CN)6, λ=395 nm) and phenolics (Folin-Ciocalteau, λ=765 nm) were quantified. Male C57BLKS/J (db/db) and C57BL/J (ob/ob) genetically obese mice were orally gavaged with aqueous extracts of lyophilized plant decoctions for 10 wks. RESULTS: Our results show that T. ananassae had significantly greater amounts of flavonoids and tannins, while S. jambos showed the greatest concentration of phenolics and C. speciosus exhibited higher amounts of alkaloids. C57BLKS/J db/db treated with plant extracts show better glucose modulation when the extracts are administered in complement with an insulin injection. Finally, C57BL/J ob/ob mice on T. ananassae and S. jambos treatments show better blood glucose modulation over time. CONCLUSION: These results document for the first time the chemical profile of T. ananassae and provide evidence for a potential anti-diabetic efficacy of T. ananassae and S. jambos. FAU - Gavillán-Suárez, Jannette
Muscle Carnosine Is Associated with Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Humans.; BACKGROUND: Carnosine is a naturally present dipeptide abundant in skeletal muscle and an over-the counter food additive. Animal data suggest a role of carnosine supplementation in the prevention and treatment of obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease but only limited human data exists. METHODS AND RESULTS: Samples of vastus lateralis muscle were obtained by needle biopsy. We measured muscle carnosine levels (high-performance liquid chromatography), % body fat (bioimpedance), abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adiposity (magnetic resonance imaging), insulin sensitivity (euglycaemic hyperinsulinemic clamp), resting energy expenditure (REE, indirect calorimetry), free-living ambulatory physical activity (accelerometers) and lipid profile in 36 sedentary non-vegetarian middle aged men (45±7 years) with varying degrees of adiposity and glucose tolerance. Muscle carnosine content was positively related to % body fat (r = 0.35, p = 0.04) and subcutaneous (r = 0.38, p = 0.02) but not visceral fat (r = 0.17, p = 0.33). Muscle carnosine content was inversely associated with insulin sensitivity (r = -0.44, p = 0.008), REE (r = -0.58, p<0.001) and HDL-cholesterol levels (r = -0.34, p = 0.048). Insulin sensitivity and physical activity were the best predictors of muscle carnosine content after adjustment for adiposity. CONCLUSION: Our data shows that higher carnosine content in human skeletal muscle is positively associated with insulin resistance and fasting metabolic preference for glucose. Moreover, it is negatively associated with HDL-cholesterol and basal energy expenditure. Intervention studies targeting insulin resistance, metabolic and cardiovascular disease risk factors are necessary to evaluate its putative role in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. FAU - de Courten, Barbora
Up-to date knowledge on the in vivo transcriptomic effect of the Mediterranean diet in humans.; The present review discusses and summarizes the up-to-date body of knowledge concerning human nutrigenomic studies with Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) and olive oil (OO) interventions, at real-life doses and conditions. A literature review was carried out until March 2012. Original articles assessing the nutrigenomic effect of the MedDiet and its main source of fat, OO, on gene expression were selected. State-of-the-art data in this field, although scarce, are promising. Despite a great diversity among studies, the attributed health benefits of the MedDiet and its components, such as OO, could be explained by a transcriptomic effect on atherosclerosis, inflammation, and oxidative stress-related genes (i.e. ADRB2, IL7R, IFNγ, MCP1, TNFα). Gene expression changes toward a protective mode were often associated with an improvement in systemic markers for oxidation and inflammation. The suggested underlying molecular pathways responsible for these changes, and the extent to which evidence exists of a MedDiet and OO nutrigenomic effect, are also discussed.
Pectic Bee Pollen Polysaccharide from Rosa rugosa Alleviates Diet-Induced Hepatic Steatosis and Insulin Resistance via Induction of AMPK/mTOR-Mediated Autophagy. LID - 10.3390/molecules22050699 [doi] LID - 699; Despite it is used as a nutraceutical against diabetes and obesity, the mechanism of action of bee pollen is still unclear. Pectic bee pollen polysaccharide (RBPP-P) was isolated from Rosa rugosa, and its structure was characterized by (13)C-NMR and Fourier transform-infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR). Using high glucose and fatty acids-treated HepG2 cells and high fat diet (HFD)-induced obesity mice, we detected its effect on insulin function and lipid metabolism based on autophagy. RBPP-P contained arabinogalactan, rhamnogalacturonan I, and homogalacturonan domains. In vivo studies demonstrated that RBPP-P markedly ameliorated insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and liver steatosis in obese mice. The suppressive effects of RBPP-P on liver steatosis and triglyceride content were mediated by increased autophagy and lipase expression in liver. In AMPK knockdown cells (prkaa 1/2(-/-) MEF) and HFD-fed mice tissues (liver, gonadal white adipose, and inguinal white adipose), RBPP-P enhanced autophagy in AMPK/mTOR-dependent way in liver, but not in adipose tissue. These findings demonstrated that bee pollen polysaccharide alleviated liver steatosis and insulin resistance by promoting autophagy via an AMPK/mTOR-mediated signaling pathway, suggesting that RBPP-P could be a novel therapeutic agent used for the treatment of obesity and diabetes. FAU - Li, Xinzhi
Genetic engineering to enhance crop-based phytonutrients (nutraceuticals) to alleviate diet-related diseases.; Nutrition studies have provided unambiguous evidence that a number of human health maladies including chronic coronary artery, hypertension, diabetes, osteoporosis, cancer and age- and lifestyle-related diseases are associated with the diet. Several favorable and a few deleterious natural dietary ingredients have been identified that predispose human populations to various genetic and epigenetic based disorders. Media dissemination of this information has greatly raised public awareness of the beneficial effects due to increased consumption of fruit, vegetables and whole grain cereals-foods rich in phytonutrients, protein and fiber. However, the presence of intrinsically low levels of the beneficial phytonutrients in the available genotypes of crop plants is not always at par with the recommended daily allowance (RDA) for different phytonutrients (nutraceuticals). Molecular engineering of crop plants has offered a number of tools to markedly enhance intracellular concentrations of some of the beneficial nutrients, levels that, in some cases, are closer to the RDA threshold. This review brings together literature on various strategies utilized for bioengineering both major and minor crops to increase the levels of desirable phytonutrients while also decreasing the concentrations of deleterious metabolites. Some of these include increases in: protein level in potato; lysine in corn and rice; methionine in alfalfa; carotenoids (beta-carotene, phytoene, lycopene, zeaxanthin and lutein) in rice, potato, canola, tomato; choline in tomato; folates in rice, corn, tomato and lettuce; vitamin C in corn and lettuce; polyphenolics such as flavonol, isoflavone, resveratrol, chlorogenic acid and other flavonoids in tomato; anthocyanin levels in tomato and potato; alpha-tocopherol in soybean, oil seed, lettuce and potato; iron and zinc in transgenic rice. Also, molecular engineering has succeeded in considerably reducing the levels of the offending protein glutelin in rice, offering proof of concept and a new beginning for the development of super-low glutelin cereals for celiac disease patients. FAU - Mattoo, Autar K
Role of dietary proteins and peptides in cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death for both men and women in the United States and most other countries. Therefore, a disease of such wide-ranging impact calls for the development of multiple viable strategies for prevention. Diet plays an important role in the development of the major risk factors of CVD such as low-grade systemic inflammation, hypertension, obesity, diabetes and atherosclerosis, the most significant. Thus, diet-based methods of prevention would not only be more feasible, but ultimately more cost-effective than relying on drugs to combat this condition. In recent years, peptides derived from either animal or plant sources have been found to have various bioactive properties. Nevertheless, their potential impact on inflammation and prevention of atherosclerosis has not been fully explored, particularly at the molecular level. In this review, the most current scientific information from in vitro, in vivo and clinical studies on the role of dietary proteins and peptides on CVD has been summarized and discussed.
Effects of Olive Oil on TNF-α and IL-6 in Humans: Implication in Obesity and Frailty.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF)-α and interleukin (IL)-6 are important mediators of chronic low-grade systemic inflammation. The latter plays a central role in several obesity-related pathologies, such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Besides, these cytokines have been also implicated in geriatric and cancer-induced anorexia, cachexia, sarcopenia and frailty. Potential interventions for both obesity and frailty include dietary advice and nutraceuticals. In this context, the consumption of olive oil (OO) has been associated with the health effects of the Mediterranean diet (Med-diet). This review is aimed to discuss the OO-mediated modulation of TNF- α and IL-6 in human studies and the potential implication in obesity and frailty. RESULTS: The reviewed studies suggest that the improvement of postprandial TNF-α and IL-6 observed with OO consumption is affected by body mass index (BMI). The effects on TNF-α and IL-6 after medium and long-term consumptions involved many factors and the cross-talk between adipose tissue, liver, skeletal muscle and brain. Major anti-inflammatory effects were observed when OO was consumed with Med-diet, which is associated with healthy behaviors. In this context, the role of microbioma- polyphenols, diet-gene and exercise-gene interactions in the effects of OO on immune-mediated inflammatory responses involved in obesity and frailty deserves further investigation. CONCLUSION: Further studies are needed to clarify the effect of OO net of possible synergistic effects with other dietary and lifestyle factors of Mediterranean area.
Improvement on metabolic syndrome in high fat diet-induced obese mice through modulation of gut microbiota by sangguayin decoction.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Our previous research found that Sangguayin (SGY) deccoction made by four dietary and medicinal plant components (Leaf of Morus alba L., Root of Pueraria lobata (Willd.) Ohwi., Root of Dioscorea opposita Thunb. and Fruit of Momordica charantia L.) showed significant anti-diabetic effects on db/db mice and high fat diet induced obese mice. Nevertheless, it remained unclear what the role of gut microbiota in the hypoglycaemia effects of SGY. AIMS OF THE STUDY: This study aimed to examine the beneficial effects of Sangguayin Deccoction against metabolic syndrome and and its regulating role in gut microbiota and hepatic metabolome. MATERIALS AND METHODS: C57BL/6J mice were divided to a normal chow diet (NCD), high-fat diet (HFD), and high-fat diet with Sangguayin Decoction (HFD-SGY, oral dose of 250 mg/kg/d) for 16 weeks. Next generation sequencing was applied for analyzing the gut microbial community of colonic contents. Further, untargeted metabolomic analysis based on LC-MS was used for determining the changes of hepatic metabolites. Hepatic genes expression were measured by quantitative PCR. RESULTS: SGY supplement decreased blood glucose level and glucose intolerance. Illumina MiSeq sequencing revealed that SGY increased Verrucomicrobia phylum, resulting in a bloom of Akkermansia, and eventually upregulated the contents of Lachoclostridium and Roseburia. Additionally, dietary SGY decreased bacteria including Faecalibaculum, and Blautia. Moreover, the hepatic lipid metabolism was notably altered by SGY treatment. The oxidation of glutamione metabolism idecreasees, production of poly-unsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) got significant increase in liver tissue. The reversion of PUFA metabolism by SGY may act through PPARα mediated Fads1 and Fads2 gene expression. The altered metabolites in liver showed intimate correlatship with modified genera. CONCLUSION: Data indicated that SGY reshaped gut microbial structure and improved PUFA metabolism. These functions of SGY may alter hepatic lipid metabolism, conferring preventative effects against high-fat diet induced metabolic syndrome.
Plant-Derived Bioactive Peptides: A Treatment to Cure Diabetes.; ABSTRACT: Recent advances in analytical techniques have opened new opportunities for plant-based drug discovery in the field of peptide and proteins. Enzymatic hydrolysis of plant parent proteins forms bioactive peptides which are explored in the treatment of various diseases. In this review, we will discuss the identified plant-based bioactive proteins and peptides and the in vitro, in vivo results for the treatment of diabetes. Extraction, isolation, characterization and commercial utilization of plant proteins is a challenge for the pharmaceutical industry as plants contain several interfering secondary metabolites. The market of peptide drugs for the treatment of diabetes is growing at a fast rate. Plant-based bioactive peptides might open up new opportunities to discover economic lead for the management of various diseases.
Lentil-based diets attenuate hypertension and large-artery remodelling in spontaneously hypertensive rats.; Hypertension is a major risk factor for CVD, the leading cause of mortality worldwide. The prevalence of hypertension is expected to continue increasing, and current pharmacological treatments cannot alleviate all the associated problems. Pulse crops have been touted as a general health food and are now being studied for their possible effects on several disease states including hypertension, obesity and diabetes. In the present study, 15-week-old spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR) were fed diets containing 30% w/w beans, peas, lentils, chickpeas, or mixed pulses or a pulse-free control diet for 4 weeks. Normotensive Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats were placed on a control diet. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) was measured weekly, while blood pressure (BP) was measured at baseline and week 4. Fasting serum obtained in week 4 of the study was analysed for circulating lipids. A histological analysis was carried out on aortic sections to determine vascular geometry. Of all the pulse varieties studied, lentils were found to be able to attenuate the rise in BP in the SHR model (P< 0·05). Lentils were able to decrease the media:lumen ratio and media width of the aorta. The total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) and HDL-cholesterol levels of rats fed the pulse-based diets were found to be lower when compared with those of the WKY rat and SHR controls (P< 0·05). Although all pulses reduced circulating TC and LDL-C levels in the SHR, only lentils significantly reduced the rise in BP and large-artery remodelling in the SHR, but had no effect on PWV. These results indicate that the effects of lentils on arterial remodelling and BP in the SHR are independent of circulating LDL-C levels. FAU - Hanson, Matthew G
Treatment of common ailments by plant-based remedies among the people of District Attock (Punjab) of northern Pakistan.; District Attock is one of the resource-based areas of medicinal plants in the north of Punjab province of Pakistan. The local people of the area have always used medicinal plants for their common ailments by traditional methods. Indigenous knowledge of local people about medicinal plants is directly linked to their culture and history. It is therefore felt worthwhile to record the indigenous knowledge about the plant-based remedies. The present communication deals with the common diseases treated by plant based remedies such as abdominal pain and worms, asthma, cough and bronchitis, cold, flu, influenza, diabetes, diarrheoa, dysentery, digestive disorders, ear infections and eye complaints. 25 species belonging to 25 genera were used for common ailments. It was found that plant based remedies were used in effective prescriptions, which are simple, inexpensive, and acceptable among the local inhabitants of the area. FAU - Ahmad, Mushtaq
Effect of soluble fibers on plasma lipids, glucose tolerance and mineral balance.; Fibers are broadly classified as soluble and insoluble based on their physical or analytical properties. Two human studies have been carried out in this laboratory utilizing soluble gums. The first compared a low fiber diet to the diet with an average of 19.5 g of added fiber per day from cellulose, an insoluble fiber, or carboxymethylcellulose gum, karaya gum or locust bean gum, all soluble fibers. Plasma cholesterol levels but not triglycerides were significantly lower when the soluble gums were consumed for 4 weeks each. Glucose and insulin response curves after a standard glucose tolerance test were not significantly different between the 5 diets. Adding refined fibers to the basal diet did not significantly affect apparent mineral balance of calcium, magnesium, manganese, iron, copper or zinc, with the exception of a negative manganese balance after carboxymethylcellulose. The second study added an average of 31.7 g of guar gum per day to the diets of non-insulin dependent diabetic individuals for 6 months. Lipid levels observed at the beginning of the study were not reduced in either group, placebo or guar gum supplemented. Consumption of guar gum significantly reduced the C-peptide but not the glucose response curve. The number of insulin receptors increased while affinity remained the same. Apparent mineral balance was not affected by the consumption of guar gum for 6 months. The combined results of these studies indicates that soluble refined gums may have therapeutic value in reducing cholesterol and improving glucose metabolism without adversely affecting most mineral balances. FAU - Behall, K M
Impact of a reduced red and processed meat dietary pattern on disease risks and greenhouse gas emissions in the UK: a modelling study. LID - 10.1136/bmjopen-2012-001072 [doi] LID - e001072; OBJECTIVES: Consumption of red and processed meat (RPM) is a leading contributor to greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and high intakes of these foods increase the risks of several leading chronic diseases. The aim of this study was to use newly derived estimates of habitual meat intakes in UK adults to assess potential co-benefits to health and the environment from reduced RPM consumption. DESIGN: Modelling study using dietary intake data from the National Diet and Nutrition Survey of British Adults. SETTING: British general population. METHODS: Respondents were divided into fifths by energy-adjusted RPM intakes, with vegetarians constituting a sixth stratum. GHG emitted in supplying the diets of each stratum was estimated using data from life-cycle analyses. A feasible counterfactual UK population was specified, in which the proportion of vegetarians measured in the survey population doubled, and the remainder adopted the dietary pattern of the lowest fifth of RPM consumers. OUTCOME MEASURES: Reductions in risks of coronary heart disease, diabetes and colorectal cancer, and GHG emissions, under the counterfactual. RESULTS: Habitual RPM intakes were 2.5 times higher in the top compared with the bottom fifth of consumers. Under the counterfactual, statistically significant reductions in population aggregate risks ranged from 3.2% (95% CI 1.9 to 4.7) for diabetes in women to 12.2% (6.4 to 18.0) for colorectal cancer in men, with those moving from the highest to lowest consumption levels gaining about twice these averages. The expected reduction in GHG emissions was 0.45 tonnes CO(2) equivalent/person/year, about 3% of the current total, giving a reduction across the UK population of 27.8 million tonnes/year. CONCLUSIONS: Reduced consumption of RPM would bring multiple benefits to health and environment. FAU - Aston, Louise M
The Flower Tea Coreopsis tinctoria Increases Insulin Sensitivity and Regulates Hepatic Metabolism in Rats Fed a High-Fat Diet.; An infusion of Coreopsis tinctoria (CT) flowering tops is traditionally used in Portugal to control hyperglycemia; however, the effects of CT protection against high-fat diet (HFD)-induced hepatic insulin resistance have not been systematically studied and the precise mechanism of action is not clear. The metabolomic profiles of insulin-resistant rats fed a HFD and a CT-supplemented diet (HFD supplemented with CT drinking) for 8 weeks were investigated. Serum samples for clinical biochemistry and liver samples for histopathology and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based metabolomic research were collected. Western blot and quantitative real-time PCR analyses were further used to measure the expression of several relevant enzymes together with perturbed metabolic pathways. Using analysis software, the CT treatment was found to significantly ameliorate the disturbance in 10 metabolic pathways. Combined metabolomic, Western blot, and quantitative real-time PCR analyses revealed that CT treatment significantly improved the glucose homeostasis by, on the one hand, through inhibiting the expression of gluconeogenic pathway key proteins glucose-6-phosphatase and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and, on the other hand, via regulating the mRNA or protein levels of the Krebs cycle critical enzymes (citrate synthase, succinate dehydrogenase complex, subunit A, flavoprotein, and dihydrolipoamide S-succinyltransferase). These results provide metabolic evidence of the complex pathogenic mechanism involved in hepatic insulin resistance and that the supplementation with CT improves insulin resistance at a global scale. Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry-based metabolomics approaches are helpful to further understand diabetes-related mechanisms. FAU - Jiang, Baoping
Dietary turmeric potentially reduces the risk of cancer.; Turmeric, a plant rhizome that is often dried, ground and used as a cooking spice, has also been used medicinally for several thousand years. Curcumin, the phytochemical that gives turmeric its golden color, is responsible for most of the therapeutic effects of turmeric. In recent years curcumin has been studied for its effects on chronic diseases such as diabetes, Alzheimer's, and cancer. Though many researchers are investigating turmeric/curcumin in cancer therapy, there is little epidemiologic information on the effects of turmeric consumption. With limited availability of pharmacologic interventions in many areas of the world, use of turmeric in the diet may help to alleviate some of the disease burden through prevention. Here we provide a brief overview of turmeric consumption in different parts of the world, cancer rates in those regions, possible biochemical mechanisms by which turmeric acts and practical recommendations based on the information available. FAU - Hutchins-Wolfbrandt, Amanda
An Investigation into the Antiobesity Effects of Morinda citrifolia L. Leaf Extract in High Fat Diet Induced Obese Rats Using a (1)H NMR Metabolomics Approach.; The prevalence of obesity is increasing worldwide, with high fat diet (HFD) as one of the main contributing factors. Obesity increases the predisposition to other diseases such as diabetes through various metabolic pathways. Limited availability of antiobesity drugs and the popularity of complementary medicine have encouraged research in finding phytochemical strategies to this multifaceted disease. HFD induced obese Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with an extract of Morinda citrifolia L. leaves (MLE 60). After 9 weeks of treatment, positive effects were observed on adiposity, fecal fat content, plasma lipids, and insulin and leptin levels. The inducement of obesity and treatment with MLE 60 on metabolic alterations were then further elucidated using a (1)H NMR based metabolomics approach. Discriminating metabolites involved were products of various metabolic pathways, including glucose metabolism and TCA cycle (lactate, 2-oxoglutarate, citrate, succinate, pyruvate, and acetate), amino acid metabolism (alanine, 2-hydroxybutyrate), choline metabolism (betaine), creatinine metabolism (creatinine), and gut microbiome metabolism (hippurate, phenylacetylglycine, dimethylamine, and trigonelline). Treatment with MLE 60 resulted in significant improvement in the metabolic perturbations caused obesity as demonstrated by the proximity of the treated group to the normal group in the OPLS-DA score plot and the change in trajectory movement of the diseased group towards the healthy group upon treatment. FAU - Gooda Sahib Jambocus, Najla
Wound Healing Activity of Plants from the Convolvulaceae Family.; Significance: Compounds derived from plants are gaining importance for the treatment of several diseases. Many plants from the Convolvulaceae family contain compounds that have demonstrated wound healing and antidiabetic activity. Such compounds can be effectively used as a part of treatments to promote wound healing in diabetics and used in combination with antimicrobial therapy to reduce the likelihood of drug resistance and allergic reactions. Novel strategies for developing herbal formulations such as nanoparticles and adhesive patches can improve the delivery of plant-based therapeutic agents. Recent Advances: Studies have confirmed the antidiabetic and wound healing activities of Merremia tridentata, Argyreia speciosa, and Ipomoea batatas, whereas Evolvulus alsinoides, Evolvulus nummularius, Argyreia cuneata, and Ipomoea carnea have wound healing activity. Critical Issues: Drug resistance is a major problem associated with antimicrobial therapy and can affect wound healing processes. Phytoconstituents can facilitate healing processes and reduce reliance on antibiotics. Future Directions: Plants from the Convolvulaceae family have had frequent traditional uses, and all plants selected for this study have antimicrobial, antidiabetic, and wound healing properties. Detailed phytochemical studies of these plants can help develop novel wound healing therapies. FAU - Ambika, Anitha P
Macronutrients, fatty acids, cholesterol and pancreatic cancer.; A role of diet and nutrition in pancreatic carcinogenesis has been suggested, but the association between selected macronutrients, fatty acids, cholesterol and pancreatic cancer remains controversial. We analysed data from a hospital-based case-control study conducted in Italy between 1991 and 2008, including 326 cases (174 men and 152 women) with incident pancreatic cancer, and 652 controls (348 men and 304 women) frequency-matched to cases by sex, age and study centre. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated using multiple logistic regression models conditioned on age, sex and study centre, and adjusted for year of interview, education, tobacco smoking, history of diabetes and energy intake. A positive association was found for animal proteins (OR=1.85 for the highest versus the lowest quintile of intake; 95% CI: 1.15-2.96; p for trend=0.039), whereas a negative association was observed for sugars (OR=0.52; 95% CI: 0.31-0.86; p for trend=0.003). Non-significant negative associations emerged for vegetable proteins (OR=0.69) and polyunsaturated fatty acids (OR=0.67). In conclusion, a diet poor in animal proteins and rich in sugars (mainly derived from fruit) appears to have a beneficial effect on pancreatic cancer risk.
Lentil and Kale: Complementary Nutrient-Rich Whole Food Sources to Combat Micronutrient and Calorie Malnutrition.; Lentil (Lens culinaris Medik.) is a nutritious food and a staple for millions of people. Not only are lentils a good source of energy, they also contain a range of micronutrients and prebiotic carbohydrates. Kale (Brassica oleracea v. acephala) has been considered as a health food, but its full range of benefits and composition has not been extensively studied. Recent studies suggest that foods are enrich in prebiotic carbohydrates and dietary fiber that can potentially reduce risks of non-communicable diseases, including obesity, cancer, heart disease, and diabetes. Lentil and kale added to a cereal-based diet would enhance intakes of essential minerals and vitamins to combat micronutrient malnutrition. This review provides an overview of lentil and kale as a complementary nutrient-rich whole food source to combat global malnutrition and calorie issues. In addition, prebiotic carbohydrate profiles and the genetic potential of these crops for further micronutrient enrichment are briefly discussed with respect to developing sustainable and nutritious food systems. FAU - Migliozzi, Megan
Antioxidant and hepatoprotective effects of silibinin in a rat model of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.; Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a progressive liver disease related to the metabolic syndrome, obesity and diabetes. The rising prevalence of NASH and the lack of efficient treatments have led to the exploration of different therapeutic approaches. Milk thistle (Silibum marianum) is a medicinal plant used for its hepatoprotective properties in chronic liver disease since the 4th century BC. We explored the therapeutic effect of silibinin, the plant's most biologically active extract, in an experimental rat NASH model. A control group was fed a standard liquid diet for 12 weeks. The other groups were fed a high-fat liquid diet for 12 weeks without (NASH) or with simultaneous daily supplement with silibinin-phosphatidylcholine complex (Silibinin 200 mg kg(-1)) for the last 5 weeks. NASH rats developed all key hallmarks of the pathology. Treatment with silibinin improved liver steatosis and inflammation and decreased NASH-induced lipid peroxidation, plasma insulin and TNF-α. Silibinin also decreased O(2) (∙-) release and returned the relative liver weight as well as GSH back to normal. Our results suggest that milk thistle's extract, silibinin, possesses antioxidant, hypoinsulinemic and hepatoprotective properties that act against NASH-induced liver damage. This medicinal herb thus shows promising therapeutic potential for the treatment of NASH. FAU - Haddad, Yara
Role of carnitine in disease.; Carnitine is a conditionally essential nutrient that plays a vital role in energy production and fatty acid metabolism. Vegetarians possess a greater bioavailability than meat eaters. Distinct deficiencies arise either from genetic mutation of carnitine transporters or in association with other disorders such as liver or kidney disease. Carnitine deficiency occurs in aberrations of carnitine regulation in disorders such as diabetes, sepsis, cardiomyopathy, malnutrition, cirrhosis, endocrine disorders and with aging. Nutritional supplementation of L-carnitine, the biologically active form of carnitine, is ameliorative for uremic patients, and can improve nerve conduction, neuropathic pain and immune function in diabetes patients while it is life-saving for patients suffering primary carnitine deficiency. Clinical application of carnitine holds much promise in a range of neural disorders such as Alzheimer's disease, hepatic encephalopathy and other painful neuropathies. Topical application in dry eye offers osmoprotection and modulates immune and inflammatory responses. Carnitine has been recognized as a nutritional supplement in cardiovascular disease and there is increasing evidence that carnitine supplementation may be beneficial in treating obesity, improving glucose intolerance and total energy expenditure. FAU - Flanagan, Judith L
Healthy Dietary Patterns for Preventing Cardiometabolic Disease: The Role of Plant-Based Foods and Animal Products. LID - 10.3945/cdn.117.001289 [doi] LID - cdn.117.001289; Diets rich in plant foods are increasingly recommended to lower the risk of cardiometabolic diseases because of strong evidence that fruit, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, nuts, and seeds are protective. Although some animal products, such as unprocessed lean red meat, poultry, eggs, and dairy products, are recommended in dietary patterns to prevent cardiometabolic diseases, many health professionals advocate for exclusively plant-based dietary patterns. The aim of this article was to review recent evidence on the relative contributions of plant-based foods and animal products to a healthy dietary pattern. Secondary aims were to discuss current consumption patterns and adherence to dietary recommendations. Epidemiologic evidence suggests that a higher intake of plant-based foods is associated with a lower risk of cardiometabolic disease, whereas a higher meat intake increases the risk of cardiometabolic disease and the replacement of small quantities of animal protein with plant protein is associated with lower risk. Randomized controlled studies show that nutrient-dense diets containing animal protein, including some unprocessed lean meats, improve cardiovascular disease risk factors. Therefore, it is likely that the consumption of animal products, at recommended amounts, in the context of a dietary pattern that meets recommendations for fruit, vegetables, whole grains, nuts, seeds, and legumes, and does not exceed recommendations for added sugar, sodium, and saturated fat, may not increase cardiometabolic risk. Currently, adherence to these recommendations is suboptimal. Therefore, rather than debating the merits of healthy dietary patterns that are exclusively plant-based or that include animal sources in recommended amounts, the focus should be on improving overall eating patterns to align with dietary guidelines. Registered Dietitian/Nutritionists (RDNs) have the requisite nutrition expertise to facilitate change at the individual and population levels to promote adherence to healthy dietary patterns. Importantly, advocacy activities are urgently needed to create a healthier food environment, and all health professionals, including RDNs, must play a role. FAU - Petersen, Kristina S
Development, validation and application of an ICP-MS/MS method to quantify minerals and (ultra-)trace elements in human serum.; Multi-element determination in human samples is very challenging. Especially in human intervention studies sample volumes are often limited to a few microliters and due to the high number of samples a high-throughput is indispensable. Here, we present a state-of-the-art ICP-MS/MS-based method for the analysis of essential (trace) elements, namely Mg, Ca, Fe, Cu, Zn, Mo, Se and I, as well as food-relevant toxic elements such as As and Cd. The developed method was validated regarding linearity of the calibration curves, method LODs and LOQs, selectivity and trueness as well as precision. The established reliable method was applied to quantify the element serum concentrations of participants of a human intervention study (LeguAN). The participants received isocaloric diets, either rich in plant protein or in animal protein. While the serum concentrations of Mg and Mo increased in participants receiving the plant protein-based diet (above all legumes), the Se concentration in serum decreased. In contrast, the animal protein-based diet, rich in meat and dairy products, resulted in an increased Se concentration in serum.
Two differentially expressed MATE factor genes from apple complement the Arabidopsis transparent testa12 mutant.; Proanthocyanidins (PAs) are a class of flavonoids with numerous functions in plant ecology and development, including protection against microbial infection, animal foraging and damage by UV light. PAs are also beneficial in the human diet and livestock farming, preventing diseases of the cardiovascular system and lowering the risk of cancer, asthma and diabetes. Apples (Malus x domestica Borkh.) are naturally rich in flavonoids, but the flavonoid content and composition varies significantly between cultivars. In this work, we applied knowledge from the model plant Arabidopsis thaliana, for which the main features of flavonoid biosynthesis have been elucidated, to investigate PA accumulation in apple. We identified functional homologues of the Multidrug And Toxic compound Extrusion (MATE) gene TRANSPARENT TESTA12 from A. thaliana using a comparative genomics approach. MdMATE1 and MdMATE2 were differentially expressed, and the function of the encoded proteins was verified by complementation of the respective A. thaliana mutant. In addition, MdMATE genes have a different gene structure in comparison to homologues from other species. Based on our findings, we propose that MdMATE1 and MdMATE2 are vacuolar flavonoid/H(+) -antiporters, active in PA accumulating cells of apple fruit. The identification of these flavonoid transporter genes expands our understanding of secondary metabolite biosynthesis and transport in apple, and is a prerequisite to improve the nutritional value of apples and apple-derived beverages.
Biorhizome: A Biosynthetic Platform for Colchicine Biomanufacturing.; Colchicine is one of the oldest plant-based medicines used to treat gout and one of the most important alkaloid-based antimitotic drugs with anticancer potential, which is commercially extracted from Gloriosa superba. Clinical trials suggest that colchicine medication could prevent atrial fibrillation recurrence after cardiac surgery. In addition, therapeutic colchicine is undergoing clinical trials to treat non-diabetic metabolic syndrome and diabetic nephropathy. However, the industrial-scale biomanufacturing of colchicine have not yet been established. Clearly, further studies on detailed biorhizome-specific transcriptome analysis, gene expression, and candidate gene validation are required before uncover the mechanism of colchicine biosynthesis and biorhizome-based colchicine biomanufacturing. Annotation of 32312 assembled multiple-tissues transcripts of G. superba represented 15088 unigenes in known plant specific gene ontology. This could help understanding colchicine biosynthesis in G. superba. This review highlights the biorhizomes, rhizome specific genes or gene what expressed with high level in rhizomes, and deep fluid dynamics in a bioreactor specifically for the biomanufacture of colchicine. FAU - Sivakumar, Ganapathy
Tuning a 96-well microtiter plate fluorescence-based assay to identify AGE inhibitors in crude plant extracts.; Advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) are involved in the pathogenesis of numerous diseases. Among them, cellular accumulation of AGEs contributes to vascular complications in diabetes. Besides using drugs to lower blood sugar, a balanced diet and the intake of herbal products potentially limiting AGE formation could be considered beneficial for patients' health. The current paper presents a simple and cheap high-throughput screening (HTS) assay based on AGE fluorescence and suitable for plant extract screening. We have already implemented an HTS assay based on vesperlysines-like fluorescing AGEs quickly (24 h) formed from BSA and ribose under physiological conditions. However, interference was noted when fluorescent compounds and/or complex mixtures were tested. To overcome these problems and apply this HTS assay to plant extracts, we developed a technique for systematic quantification of both vesperlysines (λ(exc) 370 nm; λ(em) 440 nm) and pentosidine-like (λ(exc) 335 nm; λ(em) 385 nm) AGEs. In a batch of medicinal and food plant extracts, hits were selected as soon as fluorescence decreased under a fixed threshold for at least one wavelength. Hits revealed during this study appeared to contain well-known and powerful anti-AGE substances, thus demonstrating the suitability of this assay for screening crude extracts (0.1 mg/mL). Finally, quercetin was found to be a more powerful reference compound than aminoguanidine in such assay. FAU - Séro, Luc
Pyrogallol-Phloroglucinol-6,6'-Bieckol from Ecklonia cava Improved Blood Circulation in Diet-Induced Obese and Diet-Induced Hypertension Mouse Models. LID - 10.3390/md17050272 [doi] LID - 272; Blood circulation disorders, such as hyperlipidemia and arteriosclerosis, are not easily cured by dietary supplements, but they can be mitigated. Although Ecklonia cava extract (ECE), as dietary supplements, are associated with improving the conditions, there are not many studies verifying the same. In this study, the beneficial effect of ECE and leaf of Ginkgo biloba extract (GBE), which is a well-known dietary supplement, were first confirmed in a diet induced-obese model. Afterwards, 4 phlorotannins were isolated from ECE, and their inhibitory effects on vascular cell dysfunction were validated. Pyrogallol-phloroglucinol-6,6-bieckol (PPB) was selected to be orally administered in two mice models: the diet induced obese model and diet induced hypertension model. After four weeks of administration, the blood pressure of all mice was measured, after which they were subsequently sacrificed. PPB was found to significantly improve blood circulation, including a reduction of adhesion molecule expression, endothelial cell (EC) death, excessive vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMC) proliferation and migration, blood pressure, and lipoprotein and cholesterol levels. Based on the excellent efficacy in diet-induced mouse models of obese and hypertension, our results demonstrate that PPB is a valuable active compound from among the phlorotannins that were isolated and it has the potential to be used in functional foods for improving the blood circulation. FAU - Son, Myeongjoo
Cajanus cajan- a source of PPARγ activators leading to anti-inflammatory and cytotoxic effects.; Cajanus cajan is an important legume crop in the human diet in many parts of the world. Due to its pharmacological properties, C. cajan is, moreover, used in traditional medicine for treating skin diseases, diabetes, inflammatory disorders and various other dysfunctions. In this study, we focused on the role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) as a potential therapeutic target of Cajanus cajan and its main compounds for the treatment of cancer, inflammation and inflammation-related disorders. The anti-inflammatory potential of C. cajan and its bioactive compounds and their cytotoxicity on the human cervical adenocarcinoma cell line HeLa, the human colorectal adenocarcinoma cell line CaCo-2 and the human breast adenocarcinoma cell line MCF-7 were elucidated. C. cajan and its compounds exerted significant anti-inflammatory activity on lipopolysaccharide-stimulated macrophages, showed good cytotoxic effects on the 3 different cancer cell lines and proved PPARγ activity in vitro. The main active compounds were orientin, pinostrobin and vitexin. Cajaninstilbene acid and pinosylvin monomethylether were identified as novel PPARγ activators. Based on these data, C. cajan provides excellent beneficial medicinal attributes and may be used as a potential food or a pharmaceutical supplement. FAU - Schuster, Roswitha
Communication between animal cells and the plant foods they ingest: phyto-zooidal dependencies and signaling (Review).; The beneficial effect of plant foods on human health is unmistakable. Time and time again, studies have found foods of plant origin to reduce the risk of most major chronic illnesses suffered by the human population. Possible mechanisms for the preventative effects of these foods are discussed. Each of the plant groups reviewed was found to reduce the risk of one or more of the following: cardiovascular disease, cancer (lung, breast, colon, rectal, prostate, epithelial, stomach, esophageal, oral, pharynx, larynx, urinary tract, endometrium, pancreas, thyroid, liver, ovary, gallbladder, bladder, and kidney), diabetes, hypertension, bone degeneration, diverticulitis, constipation, gallstones, age-related blindness. Almost no evidence was found to suggest a negative effect on health due to consumption of these plant foods. Based on this material and a review of conserved animal signaling molecules we surmise that animals require these chemicals to enhance specific mammalian cellular processes, demonstrating phyto-zooidal signaling. Further, this diet dependency coupling between plants and animals probably evolved because of the abundance of a particular plant material in a local environment, which is now broken because of technological advances. In conclusion, the overwhelming majority of evidence shows that people may significantly decrease their risks of the aforementioned diseases by increasing their intake of these foods since they represent a natural method to enhance animal processes and signaling. FAU - Stefano, George B
Inhibitory effect of corosolic acid on α-glucosidase: kinetics, interaction mechanism, and molecular simulation.; BACKGROUND: The suppression of α-glucosidase activity to retard glucose absorption is an important therapy for type-2 diabetes. Corosolic acid (CRA) is a potential antidiabetic component in many plant-based foods and herbs. In this study, the interplay mechanism between α-glucosidase and corosolic acid was investigated by several methods, including three-dimensional fluorescence spectra, circular dichroism spectra, and molecular simulation. RESULTS: Corosolic acid significantly inhibited α-glucosidase reversibly in an uncompetitive manner and its IC(50) value was 1.35 × 10(-5) mol L(-1) . A combination of CRA with myricetin exerted a weak synergy against α-glucosidase. The intrinsic fluorescence of α-glucosidase was quenched via a static quenching course and the binding constant was 3.47 × 10(3)  L mol(-1) at 298 K. The binding of CRA to α-glucosidase was mainly driven by hydrophobic forces and resulted in a partial extension of the protein polypeptide chain with a loss of α-helix content. The molecular simulation illustrated that CRA bound to the entrance part of the active center of α-glucosidase and interacted with the amino acid residues Ser157, Arg442, Phe303, Arg315, Tyr158, and Gln353, which could hinder the release of substrate and catalytic reaction product, eventually suppressing the catalytic activity of α-glucosidase. CONCLUSIONS: These results may suggest new insights into corosolic acid from food sources as a potential α-glucosidase inhibitor that could better control diabetes. © 2019 Society of Chemical Industry.
Bioprocess and bioreactor: next generation technology for production of potential plant-based antidiabetic and antioxidant molecules.; Globally, diabetes and obesity are two of the most common metabolic diseases of the 21(st) century. Increasingly, not only adults but children and adolescents are being affected. New approaches are needed to prevent and treat these disorders and to reduce the impact of associated disease-related complications. Industrial-scale production using plant-root cultures can produce quantities and quality of inexpensive bioactive small molecules with nutraceutical and pharmaceutical properties. Using this approach, and targeting these diseases, a next generation approach to tackling this emerging global health crisis may be developed. Adventitious roots cultured in bioreactors under controlled and reproducible conditions have been shown effective for production of natural products. The liquid-phase airlift bioreactor in particular has been used successfully for culturing roots on an industrial-scale and thus may provide an economical production platform for expressing promising plant-based antidiabetic and antioxidant molecules. This review focuses on a next-generation, scalable, bioprocessing approach for adventitious and hairy root cultures that are a pesticide-free, seasonally-independent, plant-based source of three molecules that have shown promise for the therapeutic management of diabetes and obesity: corosolic acid, resveratrol and ginsenosides. FAU - Sivakumar, G
The genus Ficus (Moraceae) used in diet: Its plant diversity, distribution, traditional uses and ethnopharmacological importance.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: A new field of enthnopharmacology has opened, where pharmacological studies draw their attention from the conventional only-medicine approach towards the dietary dimension. The uses of Ficus species in the human diet have been extensively documented by ethnobotanical field surveyors. Overlap commonly exist between the dietary and medicinal selection of Ficus species but not for choices of the plant parts and development stages, which leave a large space for ethnopharmacological study. AIMS OF THE STUDY: 1) To review published works on the dietary uses of Ficus species and their food-medicine overlap based on traditional uses, and 2) to spark interest in ethnopharmacological studies on the dietary uses of Ficus species. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data was collected and analyzed from many sources, including published and unpublished ethnobotanical field surveys, taxonomic and distribution information, international journals, books, thesis, floras, reports and professional databases. The possible biases arising from data sources are assessed to make sure that the dataset are global representative. RESULTS: A total of 132 Ficus species are reported for dietary uses, including one subspecies and four varieties. Those species are found across all of the six subgenera of the genus Ficus. For distribution, 98 species from the Indo-Australasian region, 27 species from the African tropics (with one species, F. palmata, from both the two regions) and 8 from the Neotropics. The parts most commonly used are the figs (i.e. syconium or fruits) (110 species) and leaves (67 species), in various growth stages. It is also found that the certain plant parts of 78 species are used both for dietary and medicinal purpose. Among which the figs are frequently cited in the treatment of diarrhea and oligogalactia, the leaves in the treatment of diarrhea, stomach complaintsas, antidote and diabetes, the latex in the treatment of intestinal worms and wounds, and the barks in the treatment of diarrhea. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate that throughout its area of distribution, the genus Ficus is generally used as a dietary plant, although use of a individual species seems uncommon. Furthermore, we highlight the diet-medicine overlap of the uses of this genus, which should enable further understanding of the potential for broader health benefits, rather than limiting studies in this genus to its only-medicinal properties.
Chrysanthemum Leaf Ethanol Extract Prevents Obesity and Metabolic Disease in Diet-Induced Obese Mice via Lipid Mobilization in White Adipose Tissue. LID - 10.3390/nu11061347 [doi] LID - 1347; This study aimed to elucidate the molecular mechanism of Chrysanthemum morifolium Ramat. against obesity and diabetes, by comparing the transcriptional changes in epididymal white adipose tissue (eWAT) with those of the bioactive compound in C. morifolium, luteolin (LU). Male C57BL/6J mice were fed a normal diet, high-fat diet (HFD), and HFD supplemented with 1.5% w/w chrysanthemum leaf ethanol extract (CLE) for 16 weeks. Supplementation with CLE and LU significantly decreased the body weight gain and eWAT weight by stimulating mRNA expressions for thermogenesis and energy expenditure in eWAT via lipid mobilization, which may be linked to the attenuation of dyslipidemia. Furthermore, CLE and LU increased uncoupling protein-1 protein expression in brown adipose tissue, leading to energy expenditure. Of note, CLE and LU supplements enhanced the balance between lipid storage and mobilization in white adipose tissue (WAT), in turn, inhibiting adipocyte inflammation and lipotoxicity of peripheral tissues. Moreover, CLE and LU attenuated hepatic steatosis by suppressing hepatic lipogenesis, thereby ameliorating insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Our data suggest that CLE helps inhibit obesity and its comorbidities via the complex interplay between liver and WAT in diet-induced obese mice. FAU - Ryu, Ri
Low-carbohydrate diets and all-cause and cause-specific mortality: two cohort studies.; BACKGROUND: Data on the long-term association between low-carbohydrate diets and mortality are sparse. OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of low-carbohydrate diets with mortality during 26 years of follow-up in women and 20 years in men. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study of women and men who were followed from 1980 (women) or 1986 (men) until 2006. Low-carbohydrate diets, either animal-based (emphasizing animal sources of fat and protein) or vegetable-based (emphasizing vegetable sources of fat and protein), were computed from several validated food-frequency questionnaires assessed during follow-up. SETTING: Nurses' Health Study and Health Professionals' Follow-up Study. PARTICIPANTS: 85 168 women (aged 34 to 59 years at baseline) and 44 548 men (aged 40 to 75 years at baseline) without heart disease, cancer, or diabetes. MEASUREMENTS: Investigators documented 12 555 deaths (2458 cardiovascular-related and 5780 cancer-related) in women and 8678 deaths (2746 cardiovascular-related and 2960 cancer-related) in men. RESULTS: The overall low-carbohydrate score was associated with a modest increase in overall mortality in a pooled analysis (hazard ratio [HR] comparing extreme deciles, 1.12 [95% CI, 1.01 to 1.24]; P for trend = 0.136). The animal low-carbohydrate score was associated with higher all-cause mortality (pooled HR comparing extreme deciles, 1.23 [CI, 1.11 to 1.37]; P for trend = 0.051), cardiovascular mortality (corresponding HR, 1.14 [CI, 1.01 to 1.29]; P for trend = 0.029), and cancer mortality (corresponding HR, 1.28 [CI, 1.02 to 1.60]; P for trend = 0.089). In contrast, a higher vegetable low-carbohydrate score was associated with lower all-cause mortality (HR, 0.80 [CI, 0.75 to 0.85]; P for trend </= 0.001) and cardiovascular mortality (HR, 0.77 [CI, 0.68 to 0.87]; P for trend < 0.001). LIMITATIONS: Diet and lifestyle characteristics were assessed with some degree of error. Sensitivity analyses indicated that results were probably not substantively affected by residual confounding or an unmeasured confounder. Participants were not a representative sample of the U.S. population. CONCLUSION: A low-carbohydrate diet based on animal sources was associated with higher all-cause mortality in both men and women, whereas a vegetable-based low-carbohydrate diet was associated with lower all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality rates. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: National Institutes of Health. FAU - Fung, Teresa T
Nutrition, adequacy of dialysis, and clinical outcome in Indo-Asian and White European patients on peritoneal dialysis.; BACKGROUND: There is a high incidence of end-stage renal disease in Asians originating from the Indian subcontinent living in the UK. Research to date has focused on the cause of renal disease in Indo-Asians, and their outcome on peritoneal dialysis (PD) is less well studied. AIM: To determine whether nutrition, adequacy of dialysis, and outcome of Indo-Asian patients on PD were similar to those of White European patients. DESIGN: Prospective longitudinal observational study over 2 years. METHODS: We enrolled 35 Indo-Asians and 35 White Europeans on peritoneal dialysis, closely matched for age, gender, diabetes and duration of renal replacement therapy. At enrolment (>3 months on PD), demographic data was recorded. From enrolment, and at 6-month intervals, dialysis adequacy, nutritional status, hospitalizations, PD infections, and treatment modality changes were recorded. RESULTS: Dietary protein intake, which was significantly worse in Indo-Asians (particularly vegetarians), declined in all patients over time, along with other measures of nutritional status. Adequacy of dialysis, peritoneal characteristics, and PD infections were similar in Indo-Asian and White patients. Technique failure, and death rate were similar in both groups, but the transplant rate was lower in Indo-Asians. DISCUSSION: Interventions are needed to improve nutritional status in these patients, particularly the Indo-Asian patients. The long-term impact of worse social deprivation and lower transplant rates in Indo-Asians needs to be investigated further. FAU - Bakewell, A
Tapioca maltodextrin in the production of soft unripened cheese.; BACKGROUND: An excessive consumption of fat has been associated with an increased risk of health problems such as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Cheese is a highly concentrated product which is rich in protein and minerals such as calcium and phosphorus and essential amino acids, therefore it is an important food in the diet. But low fat cheeses are usually characterized as having poor body and flavour. Therefore,  it is crucial to find ways of improving the acceptability of the product. The aim of this research was to investigate the possibility of using of tapioca maltodextrin in the production of soft cheese made from ultrafiltrated skimmed milk and to create organoleptic properties of a fat product in a non-fat product. METHODS: To estimate the possibility of using tapioca maltodextrin in the production of soft cheese, the influence of tapioca maltodextrin on rennet flocculation time (RFT) and rennet clotting time (RCT), pH values, moisture content were estimated. Improving the quality of cheese, rheological and sensory characteristics in the course of soft unripened cheese manufacturing has to be focused on. RESULTS: Using tapioca maltodextrin led to decrease in RFT and RCT. The concentration increase of the maltodextrin in milk for cheese production led to increase in moisture-binding capacity and moisture content of the cheeses, but led to decrease in RFT, RCT and pH-value. Based on the experiments data the optimal doses of tapioca maltodextrin were recommended. CONCLUSIONS: An addition of tapioca maltodextrin resulted in a tendency of decreasing RFT and RCT,   pH-value for cheese made with different concentrations of tapioca maltodextrin when compared to cheese made without maltodextrin addition. At the same time an increased amount of tapioca maltodextrin led to moisture content increase of cheese samples. Inclusion of tapioca maltodextrin in natural, low fat cheese may improve texture and acceptability as compared to low fat control cheeses without maltodextrin. The recommended level of tapioca maltodextrin is 1.1% of the mixture weight. FAU - Iakovchenko, Natalia V
Regulation effects on abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism of TZQ-F, a new kind of Traditional Chinese Medicine.; AIM OF THE STUDY: Based on the recipe of the traditional anti-diabetic formula TZQ, we developed TZQ-F, a new formula including 8 fractions isolated from Red Paeony root, Mulberry leaf, Lotus leaf, Danshen root and Hawthorn leaf with a good quality assurance. The study was aimed at fraction preparation and effects of the fractions on abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The active fractions were obtained by macroporous resin, ion-exchange resin and polyamide resin column chromatographies. HPLC analyses were used for quality control. In vitro mechanism study included DPPH radical scavenging, AGEs formation inhibition, alpha-glucosidase inhibition and lipase inhibition, and rats on high-fat diet were used for in vivo study. RESULTS: In vitro mechanism study showed that among the 8 fractions, three of them had inhibition effects on intestinal disaccharase, three with inhibition effects on lipase, and five with effects of free radical scavenging. In vivo study showed that after 4 weeks of treatment, TZQ-F significantly decreased the levels of serum total cholesterol, TG, glucose, LDL-C and HDL-C in rats on high-fat diet. Consistent with the in vitro and in vivo results, histology study demonstrated that TZQ-F alleviated hepatic steatosis induced by high-fat diet. CONCLUSIONS: TZQ-F possesses the potential regulation effects on abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism.
Types of carbohydrates and risk of cardiovascular disease.; The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of the role of dietary carbohydrates in the etiology of cardiovascular disease (CVD) among women. Many factors are thought to affect insulin resistance, and little is known about the role of diet. Through effects on postprandial glucose and insulin, dietary glycemic load may have an important role in the insulin resistance syndrome (IRS). Dietary fiber, through its influence on the glycemic load or through other pathways, may also have important effects on this syndrome. Many short-term experimental studies have supported these hypotheses. Interestingly, associations may be stronger among overweight individuals than among nonoverweight individuals. Similar to findings for fruits and vegetables, whole grain intake has been found to be consistently associated with a reduction in risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) among both men and women. Several large randomized trials of primary and secondary prevention to date have demonstrated the efficacy of diets based on an abundance of plant foods and, therefore, high carbohydrate quality. The recommendations to follow a diet including an abundance of fiber-rich foods in order to prevent CVD and diabetes are based on a wealth of consistent scientific evidence. More long-term controlled trials are needed to improve our understanding of efficacy and mechanisms. Women and a variety of racial/ethnic groups should be represented in these studies whenever possible. FAU - Pereira, Mark A
Flavone-rich maize: an opportunity to improve the nutritional value of an important commodity crop.; Agricultural outputs have resulted in food production continuously expanding. To satisfy the needs of a fast growing human population, higher yields, more efficient food processing, and food esthetic value, new crop varieties with higher caloric intake have and continue to be developed, but which lack many phytochemicals important for plant protection and adequate human nutrition. The increasing incidence of chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, combined with social disparity worldwide prompted the interest in developing enhanced crops that can simultaneously address the two sides of the current malnutrition sword, increasing yield while providing added nutritional value. Flavones, phytochemicals associated with the beneficial effects of the Mediterranean diet, have potent anti-inflammatory and anti-carcinogenic activities. However, many Mediterranean diet-associated vegetables are inaccessible, or lowly consumed, in many parts of the world. Maize is the most widely grown cereal crop, yet most lines used for hybrid maize production lack flavones. As a first step toward a sustainable strategy to increasing the nutritional value of maize-based diets, we investigated the accumulation and chemical properties of flavones in maize seeds of defined genotypes. We show that the pericarps of the P1-rr genotype accumulate flavones at levels comparable to those present in some flavone-rich vegetables, and are mostly present in their C- and O-glycosylated forms. Some of these glycosides can be readily converted into the corresponding more active health beneficial aglycones during food processing. Our results provide evidence that nutritionally beneficial flavones could be re-introduced into elite lines to increase the dietary benefits of maize. FAU - Casas, María I
Ruminal Prevotella spp. may play an important role in the conversion of plant lignans into human health beneficial antioxidants.; Secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG), the most abundant lignan in flaxseed, is metabolized by the ruminal microbiota into enterolignans, which are strong antioxidants. Enterolactone (EL), the main mammalian enterolignan produced in the rumen, is transferred into physiological fluids, with potentially human health benefits with respect to menopausal symptoms, hormone-dependent cancers, cardiovascular diseases, osteoporosis and diabetes. However, no information exists to our knowledge on bacterial taxa that play a role in converting plant lignans into EL in ruminants. In order to investigate this, eight rumen cannulated cows were used in a double 4 × 4 Latin square design and fed with four treatments: control with no flax meal (FM), or 5%, 10% and 15% FM (on a dry matter basis). Concentration of EL in the rumen increased linearly with increasing FM inclusion. Total rumen bacterial 16S rRNA concentration obtained using Q-PCR did not differ among treatments. PCR-T-RFLP based dendrograms revealed no global clustering based on diet indicating between animal variation. PCR-DGGE showed a clustering by diet effect within four cows that had similar basal ruminal microbiota. DNA extracted from bands present following feeding 15% FM and absent with no FM supplementation were sequenced and it showed that many genera, in particular Prevotella spp., contributed to the metabolism of lignans. A subsequent in vitro study using selected pure cultures of ruminal bacteria incubated with SDG indicated that 11 ruminal bacteria were able to convert SDG into secoisolariciresinol (SECO), with Prevotella spp. being the main converters. These data suggest that Prevotella spp. is one genus playing an important role in the conversion of plant lignans to human health beneficial antioxidants in the rumen. FAU - Schogor, Ana L B
Mangos and their bioactive components: adding variety to the fruit plate for health.; The diet is an essential factor affecting the risk for development and progression of modern day chronic diseases, particularly those with pathophysiological roots in inflammation and oxidative stress-induced damage. The potential impact of certain foods and their bioactive compounds to reverse or prevent destructive dysregulated processes leading to disease has attracted intense research attention. The mango (Mangifera indica Linn.) is a tropical fruit with distinctive nutritional and phytochemical composition. Notably, the mango contains several essential water- and lipid-soluble micronutrients along with the distinguishing phytochemicals gallotannins and mangiferin. In vitro and in vivo studies reveal various mechanisms through which mangos or their associated compounds reduce risk or reverse metabolic- and inflammation-associated diseases. Health benefits of isolated individual mango compounds and extracts from mango by-products are well described in the literature with less attention devoted to the whole fruit. Here, we review and summarize the available literature assessing the health promoting potential of mango flesh, the edible portion contributing to dietary fruit intake, focusing specifically on modern day health issues of obesity and the risk factors and diseases it precipitates, including diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Additionally, this review explores new insights on the benefits of mango for brain, skin and intestinal health. Overall, the foundation of research supporting the potential role of mangos in reducing risk for inflammation- and metabolically-based chronic diseases is growing. FAU - Burton-Freeman, Britt M
Enhanced GAD65 production in plants using the MagnICON transient expression system: Optimization of upstream production and downstream processing.; Plants have emerged as competitive production platforms for pharmaceutical proteins that are required in large quantities. One example is the 65-kDa isoform of human glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65), a major autoimmune diabetes autoantigen that has been developed as a vaccine candidate for the primary prevention of diabetes. The expression of GAD65 in plants has been optimized but large-scale purification is hampered by its tendency to associate with membranes. We investigated the potential for large-scale downstream processing by evaluating different combinations of plant-based expression systems and engineered forms of GAD65 in terms of yield, subcellular localization and solubility in detergent-free buffer. We found that a modified version of GAD65 lacking the first 87 amino acids accumulates to high levels in the cytosol and can be extracted in detergent-free buffer. The highest yields of this variant protein were achieved using the MagnICON transient expression system. This combination of truncated GAD65 and the MagnICON system dramatically boosts the production of the recombinant protein and helps to optimize downstream processing for the establishment of a sustainable plant-based production platform for an autoimmune diabetes vaccine candidate.
Tocotrienol is a cardioprotective agent against ageing-associated cardiovascular disease and its associated morbidities.; Ageing is a nonmodifiable risk factor that is linked to increased likelihood of cardiovascular morbidities. Whilst many pharmacological interventions currently exist to treat many of these disorders such as statins for hypercholesterolemia or beta-blockers for hypertension, the elderly appear to present a greater likelihood of suffering non-related side effects such as increased risk of developing new onset type 2 diabetes (NODM). In some cases, lower efficacy in the elderly have also been reported. Alternative forms of treatment have been sought to address these issues, and there has been a growing interest in looking at herbal remedies or plant-based natural compounds. Oxidative stress and inflammation are implicated in the manifestation of ageing-related cardiovascular disease. Thus, it is natural that a compound that possesses both antioxidative and anti-inflammatory bioactivities would be considered. This review article examines the potential of tocotrienols, a class of Vitamin E compounds with proven superior antioxidative and anti-inflammatory activity compared to tocopherols (the other class of Vitamin E compounds), in ameliorating ageing-related cardiovascular diseases and its associated morbidities. In particular, the potential of tocotrienols in improving inflammaging, dyslipidemia and mitochondrial dysfunction in ageing-related cardiovascular diseases are discussed. FAU - Ramanathan, Nardev
Phytochemistry and biological activity of Spanish Citrus fruits.; The evaluation of the potential inhibitory activity on α-glucosidase and pancreatic lipase by Citrus spp. fruits of Spanish origin (lemon, orange, grapefruit, lime, and mandarin) together with the evaluation of their phytochemical content and antioxidant capacity (DPPH˙, ORACFL, ABTS(+), FRAP and O2˙(-)) aiming for new applications of the fruits in nutrition and health was carried out. As far as we are aware, the presence of 3-O-caffeoylferuoylquinic acid and two hydrated feruloylquinic acids in orange and the presence of 3,5-diferuoylquinic acid in grapefruit have been reported for the first time. Although grapefruit showed higher contents of phytochemicals such as flavanones and vitamin C, lemon and lime showed higher potential for inhibitory effects on lipase, and lime also showed the best results for in vitro α-glucosidase inhibition. On the other hand, higher antioxidant capacity was reported for grapefruit, lemon and lime, which correlated well with their phytochemical composition. Based on the results, it could be concluded that Citrus fruits are of great value for nutrition and treatment of diet-related diseases such as obesity and diabetes, and consequently, a new field of interest in the food industry regarding new bioactive ingredients would be considered. FAU - Gironés-Vilaplana, Amadeo
Metabolite profiling of Cycas revoluta leaf extract and docking studies on alpha-glucosidase inhibitory molecular targets by phytochemicals.; The leaves of Cycas revoluta were explored for their antioxidant, α-glucosidase and α-amylase inhibitory properties to develop safe and diet based therapeutic treatment of diabetes. In optimized fractionation, 60% ethanol provided the highest extract yield of 19.35±0.05a%, TPC 95.70±1.60a mg GAE/g and TFC 55 .60 ± 1.20a mg Rutin/g extract. The antioxidant and anti α-glucosidase activities of 60% ethanolic extracts were also promising and statistically significant as compared with remaining plant extracts. Ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-Q-TOF-MS/MS) analysis of the leaf extract revealed the presence of three apigenin derivatives, kaempferol derivative, hexadecenoic acid and citric acid. The binding energy values of molecular docking studies supported the synergistic behavior of leaf extract to inhibit α-glucosidase activity. The leaves of Cycas revoluta were proved to be apigenin rich natural pool of metabolites of antidiabetic importance to improvise food functionalities. FAU - Arshad, Muhammad
International variability in diet and requirements of manganese: Causes and consequences.; Manganese (Mn) is an essential trace element that is critical for human health and development. At the turn of the century when diets were based on whole grains, cereals and other traditional foods, Mn intakes (8-9mg/d) were much greater than that prevalent today (2mg/d). As societies have developed, diets have shifted as part of a nutrition transition, to those that are high in processed foods, fat, and sugar. These foods are virtually devoid of Mn. Thus, dietary Mn has declined substantially throughout the world, as confirmed by several wide-scale, total diet studies. International variability in dietary Mn is considerable, due to tremendous diversity in food and culture. In countries where fruit and vegetable intake may be limited, i.e. the United Kingdom, populations may ingest much lower levels of Mn (1.4mg/d) as compared to Asian cultures (4mg/d) which have an abundance of plant foods in their food supply and cuisine. The bioavailability of Mn must be considered, including chemical form, oxidation state, mineral-mineral interactions, presence of dietary components and traditional food processing techniques (milling, germination, malting, fermentation). Manganese toxicity is a public health problem that results from exposure to a naturally high water source or contaminated environment of the soil and/or drinking water. In contrast, inadequate intake is associated with adverse health effects such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, poor birth outcomes and possibly, cancer. Future studies are recommended to set dietary standards for this mineral in countries that lack recommendations to help achieve optimal health.
Functional Food and Cardiovascular Disease Prevention and Treatment: A Review.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is now the leading cause of death globally and is a growing health concern. Lifestyle factors, including nutrition, play an important role in the etiology and treatment of CVD. Functional foods based on their basic nutritional functions can decrease the risk of many chronic diseases and have some physiological benefits. They contain physiologically active components either from plant or animal sources, marketed with the claim of their ability to reduce heart disease risk, focusing primarily on established risk factors, which are hyperlipidemia, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, obesity/overweight, elevated lipoprotein A level, small dense low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and elevated inflammatory marker levels. Functional foods are suspected to exert their cardioprotective effects mainly through blood lipid profile level and improve hypertension control, endothelial function, platelet aggregation, and antioxidant actions. Clinical and epidemiological observations indicate that vegetable and fruit fiber, nuts and seeds, sea foods, coffee, tea, and dark chocolate have cardioprotective potential in humans, as well whole-grain products containing intact grain kernels rich in fiber and trace nutrients. They are nutritionally more important because they contain phytoprotective substances that might work synergistically to reduce cardiovascular risk. This review will focus on the reciprocal interaction between functional foods and the potential link to cardiovascular health and the possible mechanisms of action. FAU - Asgary, Sedigheh
Roles of chlorogenic Acid on regulating glucose and lipids metabolism: a review.; Intracellular glucose and lipid metabolic homeostasis is vital for maintaining basic life activities of a cell or an organism. Glucose and lipid metabolic disorders are closely related with the occurrence and progression of diabetes, obesity, hepatic steatosis, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Chlorogenic acid (CGA), one of the most abundant polyphenol compounds in the human diet, is a group of phenolic secondary metabolites produced by certain plant species and is an important component of coffee. Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that CGA exerts many biological properties, including antibacterial, antioxidant, and anticarcinogenic activities. Recently, the roles and applications of CGA, particularly in relation to glucose and lipid metabolism, have been highlighted. This review addresses current studies investigating the roles of CGA in glucose and lipid metabolism. FAU - Meng, Shengxi
Aqueous extract of Monascus purpureus M9011 prevents and reverses fructose-induced hypertension in rats.; This study aimed to determine the antihypertensive and metabolic effects of an aqueous extract of Monascus purpureus M9011 on fructose-induced hypertensive rats. After dietary feeding of fructose for 2 weeks, the rats exhibited significantly higher systolic blood pressure (SBP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), and plasma insulin and triglyceride levels, but lower insulin sensitivity than those in control rats on regular diet. The intragastric loading of fructose-fed rats with M9011 containing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA, 1 mg.kg(-)(1).day(-)(1)) prevented the development of fructose-induced hypertension. After fructose-induced hypertension had been established, intragastric loading of M9011 reversed the elevated blood pressure to normal level. Administration of pure GABA at the same dose as that contained in M9011 failed to prevent or reverse hypertension due to fructose consumption. Chronic M9011 treatment significantly suppressed the fructose-induced elevation in total cholesterol levels and enhanced the recovery of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol/total cholesterol ratio. However, M9011 treatment did not alter insulin sensitivity or the plasma levels of insulin, glucose, and triglyceride in fructose-fed and control rats. The present results suggest that M9011 is a novel, potent, food-based antihypertensive agent with the capability to improve long-term control of cholesterol metabolism in rats and may be of importance in clinical application for the hypertensive diabetic population. FAU - Hsieh, Po-Shiuan
Cancer risk and diet in India.; India is a developing country with one of the most diverse populations and diets in the world. Cancer rates in India are lower than those seen in Western countries, but are rising with increasing migration of rural population to the cities, increase in life expectancy and changes in lifestyles. In India, rates for oral and oesophageal cancers are some of the highest in the world. In contrast, the rates for colorectal, prostate, and lung cancers are one of the lowest. Studies of Indian immigrants in Western societies indicate that rates of cancer and other chronic diseases, such as coronary heart disease and diabetes, increase dramatically after a generation in the adopted country. Change of diet is among the factors that may be responsible for the changing disease rates. Diet in India encompasses diversity unknown to most other countries, with many dietary patterns emanating from cultural and religious teachings that have existed for thousands of years. Very little is known, however, about the role of the Indian diet in causation of cancer or its role, if any, in prevention of cancer, although more attention is being focused on certain aspects of the Indian diet, such as vegetarianism, spices, and food additives. Of particular interest for cancer prevention is the role of turmeric (curcumin), an ingredient in common Indian curry spice. Researchers also have investigated cumin, chilies, kalakhar, Amrita Bindu, and various plant seeds for their apparent cancer preventive properties. Few prospective studies, however, have been conducted to investigate the role of Indian diet and its various components in prevention of cancer. From a public health perspective, there is an increasing need to develop cancer prevention programs responsive to the unique diets and cultural practices of the people of India. FAU - Sinha, R
Fermented wheat germ extract (avemar) in the treatment of cardiac remodeling and metabolic symptoms in rats.; Avemar, a product of industrial fermentation of wheat germ with a standardized content of benzoquinone and plant flavonoids, has been tested as an anti-cancer and immunomodulatory dietary supplement. Proposed mechanisms include anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions. This study has determined whether these actions of Avemar may also be useful in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. Two experimental rat models of cardiovascular remodeling were used in this project: the deoxycorticosterone acetate (DOCA)-salt-induced model of chronic hypertension (study I) and a high-carbohydrate/high-fat diet-induced model producing chronic symptoms of the metabolic syndrome and its associated cardiovascular complications (study II). Our results in these rat models of hypertension and diet-induced obesity show that treatment with Avemar improved cardiac function, decreased macrophage infiltration resulting in decreased collagen deposition in the ventricular myocardium, reversed an increased stiffness of the left ventricle in the diseased hearts and attenuated increased plasma malondialdehyde concentrations. In addition to the changes in the heart, Avemar reversed glucose intolerance, normalized systolic blood pressure and decreased visceral fat deposition in rats fed a high-fat/high-carbohydrate diet. In conclusion, the fermented wheat germ extract Avemar has a potential role in attenuating chronic hypertension, diabetes or metabolic syndrome-induced cardiovascular symptoms along with metabolic abnormalities such as glucose tolerance and obesity. FAU - Iyer, Abishek
From the Laboratory to the Kitchen: New Alternatives to Healthier Bakery Products. LID - 10.3390/foods8120660 [doi] LID - 660; Due to the growing interest in improving the nutritional profile of bakery products, we have dealt with the most recent and relevant contributions regarding potential replacements for carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. Focusing on the influence of carbohydrates on metabolism, their excess implies obesity, diabetes and tooth decay. However, they are technologically important, since they are responsible for the structure of many bakery products. Regarding of the lipid profile, saturated fats have a great impact on the appearance of cardiovascular disease. Fortunately, nature and the food industry offer alternatives to traditional oils/butters with large amounts of omega 3 and other components that can mitigate these problems. Other relevant aspects are related to allergies concerning egg proteins, gluten or even requirements for vegan consumers. Several studies have been performed in this line, replacing eggs with milk serum, different mucilages obtained from legumes or some gums, etc. In conclusion, many papers have been published showing the possibility of successfully replacing (both at technological and sensory levels) less healthy ingredients with others that are nutritionally better. The challenge now is to combine these better components in a given product, as well as to evaluate possible interactions among them. FAU - Peris, Miguel
In vivo Studies on Antidiabetic Plants Used in South African Herbal Medicine.; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders worldwide. It is a major health problem with its frequency increasing every day in most countries. The disease is generally believed to be incurable; and the few orthodox drugs available to manage the disease are not readily affordable to the poor. Based on the historical success of natural products as antidiabetic agents and the ever increasing need for new antidiabetics, a number of South African medicinal plants have been evaluated for their antidiabetic properties. In this article, we review the major studies conducted based on ethnobotanical surveys carried out between 2005 and 2008 in South Africa on plants that are traditionally used for the treatment of diabetes. Overall, the results of the studies conducted confirmed the potential of South African medicinal plants in antidiabetic drug discovery and identified a number of promising taxa for further in vivo investigation as plant-based antidiabetic agents. FAU - J Afolayan, Anthony
Consumption of a plant sterol-based spread derived from rice bran oil is effective at reducing plasma lipid levels in mildly hypercholesterolaemic individuals.; To establish the effectiveness of a new phytosterol-containing spread derived from rice bran oil (RBO), a randomised, double-blind, cross-over human clinical trial was conducted over 12 weeks. A total of eighty mildly hypercholesterolaemic (total blood cholesterol level ≥ 5 and ≤ 7·5 mmol/l with a serum TAG level of ≤ 4·5 mmol/l) individuals were randomised into two groups (n 40). Group 1 consumed spread only daily for 4 weeks. They were randomised to consume 20 g RBO spread (RBOS), 20 g standard spread (SS) or 20 g phytosterol-enriched spread (PS). After a 4-week period, individuals changed to the next randomised treatment until all three treatments had been consumed. Group 2 consumed spread plus oil daily for 4 weeks. They consumed 20 g RBOS plus 30 ml RBO, 20 g SS plus 30 ml sunflower oil or 20 g RBOS. Blood samples were collected for the analysis of lipid parameters, and 3 d diet records were collected. Compared with SS, RBOS significantly reduced total cholesterol by 2·2 % (P = 0·045), total cholesterol:HDL by 4·1 % (P = 0·005) and LDL-cholesterol by 3·5 % (P = 0·016), but was not as effective overall as PS, which reduced total cholesterol by 4·4 % (P = 0·001), total cholesterol:HDL by 3·4 % (P = 0·014) and LDL-cholesterol by 5·6 % (P = 0·001). In group 2, the addition of RBO to the RBOS produced no differences in cholesterol levels. These results confirm that RBOS is effective in lowering serum cholesterol when consumed as part of a normal diet. FAU - Eady, Sarah
Larix laricina, an Antidiabetic Alternative Treatment from the Cree of Northern Quebec Pharmacopoeia, Decreases Glycemia and Improves Insulin Sensitivity In Vivo.; Larix laricina K. Koch is a medicinal plant belonging to traditional pharmacopoeia of the Cree of Eeyou Istchee (Eastern James Bay area of Canada). In vitro screening studies revealed that, like metformin and rosiglitazone, it increases glucose uptake and adipogenesis, activates AMPK, and uncouples mitochondrial function. The objective of this study was to evaluate the antidiabetic and antiobesity potential of L. laricina in diet-induced obese (DIO) C57BL/6 mice. Mice were subjected for eight or sixteen weeks to a high fat diet (HFD) or HFD to which L. laricina was incorporated at 125 and 250 mg/kg either at onset (prevention study) or in the last 8 of the 16 weeks of administration of the HFD (treatment study). L. laricina effectively decreased glycemia levels, improved insulin resistance, and slightly decreased abdominal fat pad and body weights. This occurred in conjunction with increased energy expenditure as demonstrated by elevated skin temperature in the prevention study and improved mitochondrial function and ATP synthesis in the treatment protocol. L. laricina is thus a promising alternative and complementary therapeutic approach for the treatment and care of obesity and diabetes among the Cree. FAU - Harbilas, Despina
A model for the role of the proline-linked pentose-phosphate pathway in phenolic phytochemical bio-synthesis and mechanism of action for human health and environmental applications.; The combination of immunodeficiency, inflammatory process and nutritional status that is characteristic of infective and food-borne illness is more evident in chronic diet- and environment-influenced chronic diseases such as diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, cancer, arthritis and neuro-degeneration diseases. These chronic diseases tend to be oxidation-linked and may manifest in communities around the world, irrespective of income. In addressing the challenges of the above diseases, a significant role for dietary phytochemicals is emerging. Phytochemicals are required from a spectrum of food for at least their antioxidant role, if not for other properties, to protect tissues from activities that manifest themselves into what we call chronic disease. Among the diverse groups of phytochemicals, phenolic antioxidants and antimicrobials from food plants are being targeted for designed dietary intervention to manage major oxidation-linked diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, arthritis, cognition diseases and cancer. Foods containing phenolic phytochemicals are also being targeted to manage bacterial infections associated with chronic diseases such as peptic ulcer, urinary tract infections, dental caries and food-borne bacterial infections. Plants produce phenolic metabolites as a part of growth, developmental and stress adaptation response. These stress and developmental responses are being harnessed to design consistent phytochemical profiles for safety and clinical relevancy using novel tissue culture and bioprocessing technologies. The biochemical strategy for harnessing phenolic phytochemicals for human health and wellness is based on the hypothesis that phenolic metabolites in plants are efficiently produced through an alternative mode of metabolism linking proline synthesis with pentose-phosphate pathway. In this model, stress-induced proline biosynthesis is coupled to pentose-phosphate pathway, driving the synthesis of NADPH(2) and sugar phosphates for anabolic pathways, including phenolic and antioxidant response pathways, while simultaneously providing reducing equivalents needed for mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation in the form of proline as an alternative to NADH from Krebs/TCA cycle. Based on this model, tissue culture techniques and elicitation concepts have been used to stimulate phenolic metabolites with an antioxidant response in germinating seeds, sprouts and clonal lines of dietary plants. From our initial investigations, a model has been proposed in which the proline-linked pentose-phosphate pathway is suggested to be critical for modulating protective antioxidant response pathways in diverse biological systems, including biochemical and cellular pathways important for human health. The proposed proline-linked pentose-phosphate pathway model provides a mechanism for understanding the mode of action of phenolic phytochemicals in modulating antioxidant pathways and provides avenues by which dietary approaches may manage oxidation-linked chronic and infectious diseases. The model also has implications for the development of antimicrobial phenolic phytochemicals against bacterial pathogens in an era of increasing antibiotic resistance. Further, this model also has relevance for improving fungal and yeast-based food bioprocessing for designing functional foods and for environmental bioremediation using plant and microbial systems, as well as for improving agricultural and food systems in harsh environments. FAU - Shetty, Kalidas
Therapeutic potential of quercetin as a cardiovascular agent.; Flavonoids are integral components of various vegetation and in foods; consequently, they represent an inevitable part of the diet. Historical and epidemiological proof recommend that diet plans consisting of flavonoids such as quercetin have positive health benefits, especially on the heart. Flavonoids have been proven to be active against hypertension, inflammation, diabetes and vascular diseases. Quercetin exhibits significant heart related benefits as inhibition of LDL oxidation, endothelium-independent vasodilator effects, reduction of adhesion molecules and other inflammatory markers, the protective effect on nitric oxide and endothelial function under conditions of oxidative stress, prevention of neuronal oxidative and inflammatory damage and platelet antiaggregant effects. Searching for experimental evidence to validate the cardioprotective effects of quercetin, we review here the recent detailed in vivo studies. Quercetin and its derivatives lead to an enhancement in heart features, indicating the prospective for quercetin to be used therapeutically in the treatment of cardiac diseases. Several evidence-based studies suggest mechanisms to observe cardiovascular diseases such as aging effects, hypertension, angiotensin-converting enzyme activity and endothelial-dependent and independent functions. Different animal models including human are also used to elucidate the in vivo role of quercetin in cardiovascular diseases. The role of quercetin and its derivatives may go beyond their existence in food and has potential as a lead molecule in drug development programs.
Postprandial Glycemic and Insulinemic Effects of the Addition of Aqueous Extracts of Dried Corn Silk, Cumin Seed Powder or Tamarind Pulp, in Two Forms, Consumed with High Glycemic Index Rice. LID - 10.3390/foods8100437 [doi] LID - 437; Several plant-based traditional ingredients in Asia are anecdotally used for preventing and/or treating type 2 diabetes. We investigated three such widely consumed ingredients, namely corn silk (CS), cumin (CU), and tamarind (TA). The aim of the study was to determine the effects of aqueous extracts of these ingredients consumed either as a drink (D) with high-glycemic-index rice or added to the same amount of rice during cooking (R) on postprandial glycemia (PPG), insulinemia (PPI), and blood pressure (BP), over a 3 h measurement period. Eighteen healthy Chinese men (aged 37.5 ± 12.5 years, BMI 21.8 ± 1.67 kg/m(2)) took part in a randomized crossover trial, each completing up to nine sessions. Compared to the control meal (plain rice + plain water), the addition of test extracts in either form did not modulate PPG, PPI, or BP. However, the extracts when added within rice while cooking gave rise to significantly lower PPI than when consumed as a drink (p < 0.01). Therefore, the form of consumption of phytochemical-rich ingredients can differentially modulate glucose homeostasis. This study also highlights the need for undertaking randomized controlled clinical trials with traditional foods/components before claims are made on their specific health effects. FAU - Haldar, Sumanto
The Effect of Wolffia globosa Mankai, a Green Aquatic Plant, on Postprandial Glycemic Response: A Randomized Crossover Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the postprandial and overnight glycemic response using a novel green aquatic plant thought to provide a dietary source for high-quality protein, with an iso-carbohydrate/protein/caloric dairy shake. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This is a randomized controlled crossover trial among 20 abdominally obese participants (age 51.4 years; fasting plasma glucose 110.9 mg/dL), who were allocated to replace dinner with either, first, a green shake containing Wolffia globosa duckweed (Mankai: specific-strain) or an iso-carbohydrate/protein/calorie yogurt shake. A 2-week flash glucose-monitoring system was used to assess postmeal glucose dynamics (6 net administration days; 97 observation days in total). We further obtained from each participant dietary/daily activity/satiety scale/sleep logs. Participants were recruited from the green-Mediterranean diet arm of the 18-month Dietary Intervention Randomized Controlled Trial-Polyphenols Unprocessed (DIRECT-PLUS) study. RESULTS: Wolffia globosa Mankai elicited a lower postprandial glucose peak compared with yogurt (∆peak = 13.4 ± 9.2 vs. 19.3 ± 15.1 mg/dL; P = 0.044), which occurred later (77.5 ± 29.2 vs. 59.2 ± 28.4 min; P = 0.037) and returned faster to baseline glucose levels (135.8 ± 53.1 vs. 197.5 ± 70.2 min; P = 0.012). The mean post-net incremental area under the curve (netAUC) was lower with Wolffia globosa up to 60 and 180 min (netAUC 60 min: 185.1 ± 340.1 vs. 441.4 ± 336.5 mg/dL/min, P = 0.005; netAUC  180 min: 707.9 ± 1,428.5 vs. 1,576.6 ± 1,810.1 mg/dL/min, P = 0.037). A Wolffia globosa-based shake replacing dinner resulted in lower next-morning fasting glucose levels (83.2 ± 0.8 vs. 86.6 ± 13 mg/dL; P = 0.041). Overall, postprandial glucose levels from the shake administration until the next morning were lower in the Wolffia globosa Mankai green shake compared with the yogurt shake (P < 0.001). Overnight sleep duration was similar (378.2 ± 22.4 vs. 375.9 ± 28.4 min; P = 0.72), and satiety rank was slightly higher for the Wolffia globosa shake compared with the yogurt shake (7.5 vs. 6.5; P = 0.035). CONCLUSIONS: Wolffia globosa Mankai duckweed may serve as an emerging alternative plant protein source with potential beneficial postprandial glycemic effects.
Are three exchanges suitable for Asian patients on peritoneal dialysis?; Phenomenal growth in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) has occurred in the developing countries of Asia. In many regions in Asia, neither governments nor insurance companies fully cover treatment expenses for dialysis. Hence, patients in developing countries such as India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Nepal use just three 2-L exchanges daily. Typical practice in many centers is to do daytime CAPD with a dry night. Most of our Indian patients who are on three exchanges per day showed a Kt/V of 1.67 and 2-year survival rate of 60% with a normalized protein equivalent of nitrogen appearance of 0.73 - 0.80 g/kg daily. Vegetarians had a lower protein consumption rate and lower serum albumin levels. Peritoneal membrane characteristics vary among high, high average, and low average in various regions of Asia. The prevalence of diabetic nephropathy, with its associated comorbid conditions, as a major cause of end-stage renal disease in the Indian subcontinent explains the differences in the CAPD mortality rates between India and various Asian countries. Given the financial constraints in countries in Asia, small-volume dialysis of 6 L daily may be an acceptable compromise in some patient populations with a smaller body size and significant residual renal function; however, dialysis dose should be individualized according to the needs of each patient. FAU - Abraham, Georgi
Selenium maintains Ca2+ homeostasis in sheep lymphocytes challenged by oxidative stress.; Selenium (Se) is an essential element in human and animal diets, based upon a widespread range of beneficial effects that are primarily due to its antioxidant properties. While Se can be associated to anti-cancer and anti-diabetic activities, reproductive efficiency, and enhancement of the immune system, the mechanistic details of the corresponding biological processes are still largely elusive. To avoid deficiencies and increase bioavailability, Se it is generally supplied to livestock through Se-supplemented feeds or forage plants fertilized with inorganic Se. While the relationship between Ca2+ and ROS (reactive oxygen species) is well known, only a few studies have addressed the possible involvement of Se in the control of cytosolic Ca2+ in oxidative stress. The results on Ca2+ homeostasis were obtained adding exogenous Se in the form of SeO42- to sheep lymphomonocytes cultured in vitro. In particular, Se strongly attenuated 1mM H2O2-induced alteration of intracellular [Ca2+]C as well as the entry of extracellular Ca2+ into the cells with comparable EC50 values for sodium selenate accounting to 1.72 and 2.28 mM, respectively. In an ex vivo trial, it was observed that Ca2+ homeostasis can effectively be rescued in sheep lymphomonocytes exposed in vivo to a Se concentration of approximately 1.9 mM, that was achieved by feeding sheep with olive leaves previously sprayed with 500 mg/plant Na-selenate. Thus the results obtained suggest that the mode of action of selenium markedly influenced Ca2+-related signaling events. Furthermore, results clearly reveal that the protective effect of Se on Ca2+ homeostasis under oxidative challenge can be clearly and effectively achieved through an appropriate dietary regimen obtained also in a circular economy logic using pruning of olive trees treated to reduce tree drought stress. FAU - Proietti, Primo
Dietary Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA) Operate by Different Mechanisms to Modulate Hepatic Steatosis and Hyperinsulemia in fa/fa Zucker Rats. LID - 10.3390/nu11040917 [doi] LID - 917; Hepatic steatosis, an early stage of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, is commonly present in obesity and type 2 diabetes, and is associated with reduced hepatic omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (n3-PUFA) status that impacts on the anti-inflammatory and insulin sensitizing functions of n3-PUFA. Our objective was to directly compare plant- and marine-based n3-PUFA (α-linoleic acid (ALA)), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA)) for their effects on hepatic steatosis, markers of hepatic inflammation and fibrosis, and insulinemia in obese rats. Fa/fa Zucker rats were provided diets containing ALA, EPA, DHA, or linoleic acid (LA, n6-PUFA) for eight weeks and compared to baseline fa/fa rats and lean Zucker rats fed LA-rich diet for eight weeks. Both DHA and EPA groups had liver lipid similar to baseline, however, DHA was more effective than EPA for reducing hepatic fatty acid synthase (FAS), increasing the proportion of smaller lipid droplets, reversing early fibrotic damage, and reducing fasting hyperinsulinemia. EPA was more effective for reducing FoxO1. Dietary ALA did not attenuate hepatic steatosis, most inflammatory markers or FAS. In summary, amongst the n3-PUFA, DHA was the most effective for elevating hepatic DHA levels, and preventing progression of hepatic steatosis via reductions in FAS and a marker of fibrosis. FAU - Hong, Lena
Associations between usual food intake and faecal sterols and bile acids: results from the Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region (KORA FF4) study.; Animal sterols, plant sterols and bile acids in stool samples have been suggested as biomarkers of dietary intake. It is still unknown whether they also reflect long-term habitual dietary intake and can be used in aetiological research. In a subgroup of the Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region (KORA FF4) study, habitual dietary intake was estimated based on repeated 24-h food list and a FFQ. Stool samples were collected according to a standard operating procedure and those meeting the quality criteria were extracted and analysed by means of a metabolomics technique. The present study is based on data from 513 men and 495 women with a mean age of 60 and 58 years, respectively, for which faecal animal and plant sterols and bile acids concentrations and dietary intake data were available. In adjusted regression models, the associations between food intake and log-normalised metabolite concentrations were analysed. Bonferroni correction was used to account for multiple testing. In this population-based sample, associations between habitual dietary intake and faecal concentrations of animal sterols were identified, while the impact of usual diet on bile acids was limited. A habitual diet high in 'fruits' and 'nuts and seeds' is associated with lower animal faecal sterols concentrations, whereas a diet high in 'meat and meat products' is positively related to faecal concentrations of animal sterols. A positive association between glycocholate and fruit consumption was found. Further studies are necessary for evaluation of faecal animal sterols as biomarkers of diet. The findings need to be confirmed in other populations with diverse dietary habits. FAU - Mitry, Patricia
Carbohydrates: significance for energy balance and gastrointestinal function.; The 10th edition of the RDA discusses carbohydrates in the context of dietary fiber and digestible carbohydrates, which provide energy, and recommends that more than half the energy requirement beyond infancy be provided by carbohydrates and that a desirable intake of fiber be achieved by consumption of fruits, vegetables, legumes, and whole-grain cereals. The recommendations on digestible carbohydrates are primarily based on the desirability of limiting the intake of fat. An additional consideration is the suggestion that excess calories from carbohydrate vs. fat are metabolized and stored with different efficiencies. The scientific basis for recommending an appropriate intake of dietary fiber is not clearly evident in the current RDA. The association between a high plant food, and thus fiber intake, and lower incidence of cardiovascular disease, colon cancer, and diabetes is of interest but difficult to use to form the basis of specific recommendations for an appropriate amount of fiber to include in the diet. The importance of fiber for normal gastrointestinal function provides the best scientific basis for developing recommended intake levels. Dietary fiber, as well as non-digested starch, are the only known dietary components that increase stool weight and are the primary substrates for the microflora in the large intestine. Metabolism of this microflora, including production of short chain fatty acids that are used by epithelial cells, appears to be important for intestinal health. However, the challenge we still face is to define the parameters of gastrointestinal function that are compatible with health. FAU - Schneeman, B O
A study on food-medicine continuum among the non-institutionally trained siddha practitioners of Tiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu, India.; BACKGROUND: Medicinal properties of the food species are one of the poorly documented and important areas of ethnopharmacology. The present survey quantitatively documented the medicinal foods prescribed by the non-institutionally trained siddha practitioners of Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu. METHODS: Field work was carried out between December 2014 and April 2017 using a questionnaire. The illnesses mentioned by the informants were grouped as illness categories on the basis of emic perceptions. Sufficiency of sampling of this survey was assessed by plotting the cumulative number of UR and Shannon-Wiener's index. The indices such as informant consensus factor (FIC), Index of Agreement on Remedies (IAR), and Cultural Food Significance Index (CFSI) were calculated. RESULTS: This study documented 165 medicinal foods used by 82 non-institutionally trained siddha practitioners of Tiruvallur district, and 73.93% of these preparations were plant based. Among the animal taxa, 82.05% were represented by fish taxa. The illness category gastrointestinal ailments is the majorly cited illness category treated with plant-based formulations. The illness categories viz., gastrointestinal ailments, hemorrhoids, and neural ailments had high consensus under the group of plant-based medicinal foods. In animal-based medicinal foods, kapha ailments had gained 23.07% of UR. The illness categories such as bone fractures, male reproductive ailments, blood ailments, and anabolic had high FIC values. CONCLUSIONS: Deeper studies on different dietary cultures of India may help to derive better interpretations on food-medicine continuum. This study identified some important claims such as the use of citron, pomegranate and Solanum americanum (gastrointestinal ailments), Abutilon indicum, onions and elephant foot yam (hemorrhoids), Boerhavia diffusa (urinary ailments), Moringa oleifera (anemia), Aloe vera (gynecological ailments), Eclipta prostrata (liver ailments), ivy gourd (diabetes), citron (hypertension), Centella asiatica (psychological ailments), spade nose shark (lactogogue), reticulate whipray (wheezing and bronchitis), Katelysia opima (impotence), Indian squid (anemia), and Indian oil sardine (anabolic). More studies on these claims will help identify novel functional foods to add to the field of medical nutrition therapy, with traditional brand identity. Robust studies on the documentation of the traditional knowledge on marine resources will yield a good database for various stakeholders and policy makers. FAU - Esakkimuthu, S
Zinc and multi-mineral supplementation should mitigate the pathogenic impact of cadmium exposure.; High-level cadmium (Cd) exposure has long been known to induce nephropathy, severe osteoporosis, and fractures in humans. More recent epidemiology, however, reveals that, in populations not known to have important industrial exposure to this heavy metal, high-normal blood or urine Cd levels correlate with increased risk for vascular disorders, cancers, diabetes, and total mortality, as well as osteoporosis and nephropathy. Since these disorders appear unlikely to expedite Cd absorption, and since Cd has promoted these pathologies in rodent studies, it seems reasonable to conclude that Cd is an important mediating risk factor for these disorders in humans. Avoiding tobacco smoke or frequent ingestion of shellfish or organ meats can lessen humans exposure to Cd, but the chief dietary sources of Cd are plant-derived foods - green leafy vegetables, whole grains, tubers, and root vegetables - typically recommended for their health-supportive properties; indeed, among non-smokers, vegans tend to have the highest Cd body burden. Fortunately, iron sufficiency and ample dietary intakes of calcium, magnesium, and zinc can impede absorption of dietary Cd, both by down-regulating intestinal expression of mineral transporters, and by directly competing with Cd for access to these transporters. Correction of iron deficiency appears to be of particular importance for controlling Cd absorption. Moreover, zinc supplementation can counteract the toxicity of Cd already in the body via induction of metallothionein, which binds Cd avidly via its sulfhydryl groups; so long as it remains sequestered in this form, Cd is innocuous. Zinc supplementation may in any case be recommendable, as optimal zinc status exerts protective anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and immunosupportive effects. Inasmuch as the toxicity of Cd appears to be mediated in large part by oxidative stress, ingestion of spirulina, lipoic acid, melatonin, and N-acetylcysteine may also have potential for mitigating the risk associated with Cd exposure, as suggested by rodent studies. Hence, although Cd may prove to be a major risk factor for morbidity and mortality in humans, practical strategies for limiting its absorption and pathogenic impact are at hand.
A Protein Diet Score, Including Plant and Animal Protein, Investigating the Association with HbA1c and eGFR-The PREVIEW Project. LID - 10.3390/nu9070763 [doi] LID - 763; Higher-protein diets have been advocated for body-weight regulation for the past few decades. However, the potential health risks of these diets are still uncertain. We aimed to develop a protein score based on the quantity and source of protein, and to examine the association of the score with glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). Analyses were based on three population studies included in the PREVIEW project (PREVention of diabetes through lifestyle Intervention and population studies in Europe and around the World): NQplus, Lifelines, and the Young Finns Study. Cross-sectional data from food-frequency questionnaires (n = 76,777 subjects) were used to develop a protein score consisting of two components: 1) percentage of energy from total protein, and 2) plant to animal protein ratio. An inverse association between protein score and HbA1c (slope -0.02 ± 0.01 mmol/mol, p < 0.001) was seen in Lifelines. We found a positive association between the protein score and eGFR in Lifelines (slope 0.17 ± 0.02 mL/min/1.73 m², p < 0.0001). Protein scoring might be a useful tool to assess both the effect of quantity and source of protein on health parameters. Further studies are needed to validate this newly developed protein score. FAU - Møller, Grith
Structure-Bioactivity Relationships of Methylxanthines: Trying to Make Sense of All the Promises and the Drawbacks. LID - 10.3390/molecules21080974 [doi] LID - 974; Methylxanthines are a group of phytochemicals derived from the purine base xanthine and obtained from plant secondary metabolism. They are unobtrusively included in daily diet in common products as coffee, tea, energetic drinks, or chocolate. Caffeine is by far the most studied methylxanthine either in animal or epidemiologic studies. Theophylline and theobromine are other relevant methylxanthines also commonly available in the aforementioned sources. There are many disseminated myths about methylxanthines but there is increased scientific knowledge to discuss all the controversy and promise shown by these intriguing phytochemicals. In fact, many beneficial physiologic outcomes have been suggested for methylxanthines in areas as important and diverse as neurodegenerative and respiratory diseases, diabetes or cancer. However, there have always been toxicity concerns with methylxanthine (over)consumption and pharmacologic applications. Herein, we explore the structure-bioactivity relationships to bring light those enumerated effects. The potential shown by methylxanthines in such a wide range of conditions should substantiate many other scientific endeavors that may highlight their adequacy as adjuvant therapy agents and may contribute to the advent of functional foods. Newly designed targeted molecules based on methylxanthine structure may originate more specific and effective outcomes. FAU - Monteiro, João P
Coronary risk reduction through intensive community-based lifestyle intervention: the Coronary Health Improvement Project (CHIP) experience.; Vigorous cholesterol lowering with diet, drugs, or a combination has been shown to slow, arrest, or even reverse atherosclerosis. Residential lifestyle intervention programs have successfully lowered serum cholesterol levels and other coronary risk factors, but they have the disadvantages of high cost and difficulty with long-term adherence. Community-based risk-reduction programs have the potential to effect change at low cost and improve long-term adherence. To assess the effectiveness of, and to develop a model for, such programs, the community-based Coronary Health Improvement Project (CHIP) was developed in Kalamazoo, Michigan. In the intensive (30-day, 40-hour), hospital-based educational program, participants are encouraged to exercise 30 minutes a day and to embrace a largely unrefined plant-food-centered diet that is high in complex carbohydrates and fiber; very low in fat, animal protein, sugar, and salt; and virtually free of cholesterol. A total of 304 enrollees in the first program were at elevated risk of coronary artery and related diseases: 70% were > or =10% above their ideal weight, 14% had diabetes, 47% had hypertension, and 32% had a history of coronary artery disease. Of the enrollees, 288 "graduated" from the program (123 men, 165 women; mean age was 55+/-11 years). Various markers of disease risk, including serum blood lipids and fasting blood glucose concentrations, were measured before and after the program. At 4 weeks, overall improvements in the participants' laboratory test results, blood pressures, weights, and body mass indexes were highly significant (p <0.001). Triglyceride levels decreased significantly (p <0.05) in participants who had elevated triglyceride levels (>200 mg/dL in men, 200-299 mg/dL in women). FAU - Diehl, H A
Isomalto-oligosaccharides, a prebiotic, functionally augment green tea effects against high fat diet-induced metabolic alterations via preventing gut dysbacteriosis in mice.; High fat diet (HFD)-induced alterations in gut microbiota and resultant 'leaky gut' phenomenon promotes metabolic endotoxemia, ectopic fat deposition, and low-grade systemic inflammation. Here we evaluated the effects of a combination of green tea extract (GTE) with isomalto-oligosaccharide (IMOs) on HFD-induced alterations in mice. Male Swiss albino mice were fed with HFD (58% fat kcal) for 12 weeks. Systemic adiposity, gut derangement parameters and V3-V4 region based 16S rRNA metagenomic sequencing, ectopic fat deposition, liver metabolome analysis, systemic and tissue inflammation, and energy homeostasis markers along with gene expression analysis in multiple tissues were done in mice supplemented with GTE, IMOs or their combination. The combination of GTE and IMOs effectively prevented HFD-induced adiposity and lipid accumulation in liver and muscle while normalizing fasting blood glucose, insulin, glucagon, and leptin levels. Co-administration of GTE with IMOs effectively modulated liver metabolome associated with lipid metabolism. It also prevented leaky gut phenotype and HFD-induced increase in circulating lipopolysaccharides and pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g. resistin, TNF-α, and IL-1β) and reduction in anti-inflammatory cytokines (e.g. adiponectin and IL-6). Gene expression analysis across multiple tissues further supported these functional outcomes. Most importantly, this combination improved beneficial gut microbiota (Lactobacillus sp., Bifidobacteria, Akkermansia muciniphila, Roseburia spp.) abundances, restored Firmicutes/Bacteriodetes and improved Prevotella/Bacteroides proportions. In particular, a combination of these two agents has shown improved beneficial effects on multiple parameters studied. Data presented herein suggests that strategically chosen food components might be highly effective in the prevention of HFD-induced alterations and may further be developed as functional foods.
Prospective Plant Based Anticancer Lead Molecules.; Nature has been a source of a wide range of products being utilized for the treatment of various diseases like malaria, cancer, diabetes etc. Among these, cancer is emerging as a leading cause of deaths worldwide and the development of cross-resistance to already established drugs increases the need for novel anticancer drugs. To discover novel anticancer molecules, it is a necessity to unearth the molecules which can act as anticancer agents. Taking natural products in vision, phytoconstituents like terpenoids, flavones, glycosides and alkaloids might act as a major source of lead molecules. Considering the anticancer prospectives of phytoconstituents, different unknown lead molecules are summarized in this review. The present review highlights the representative studies of plant-based anticancer agents which are classified as per their phytochemical nature. Furthermore, important key points along with important structure-activity relationships points regarding selected lead molecules are also discussed.
Sugar reduction in fruit nectars: Impact on consumers' sensory and hedonic perception.; Sugar sweetened beverages are one of the main sources of added sugar in the diet. Therefore, sugar reduction in these products could contribute to the prevention of various negative health conditions, such as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. In this context, the present work aimed to study consumer sensory and hedonic perception towards sugar reduction in fruit nectars. Five sequential difference thresholds for added sugar in three fruit nectars (passion fruit, orange/passion fruit and orange/pomegranate) were determined based on consumer perception. In each test, difference thresholds were estimated using survival analysis based on the responses of 50 consumers to six paired-comparison tests. Each pair was composed of two samples, a control nectar and a sample that was reduced in added sugar from the control. Consumers were asked to try each of the samples in each pair and to indicate which was sweeter. Then, consumers' sensory and hedonic perception of nectar samples was evaluated for each nectar using a 9-point hedonic scale and a check-all-that-apply question. Difference thresholds were estimated in 4.20%-8.14% of the added sugar concentration of the nectars. No significant differences in overall liking were detected for fruit nectars with 20% sugar reduction. However, large heterogeneity in consumer hedonic reaction towards sugar reduction was found, which should be taken into account in the design of sugar reduction programs. Consumer hedonic reaction towards sugar reduction was product dependent. Results from the present work reinforce the idea that gradual sugar reduction in sugar sweetened beverages is a feasible strategy that could contribute to reduce the sugar intake of the population.
Rationale and design of the Rockford CHIP, a community-based coronary risk reduction program: results of a pilot phase.; PURPOSE: While residential lifestyle intervention programs have demonstrated coronary risk reduction through education, diet, and exercise, this pilot study was designed to assess the feasibility of a community-based lifestyle intervention program that is both affordable and effective in facilitating better lifestyle choices and health habits and thus effecting indicators of better clinical outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A 40-h educational curriculum, delivered over a 30-day period with clinical and nutritional assessments before and after, was offered through the SwedishAmerican Center for Complementary Medicine to the general public. The participants were instructed to exercise 30 min/day and to embrace a more optimal diet (ad libitum) of largely unrefined plant foods high in complex carbohydrates and fiber, yet quite low in fat (<15%), animal protein, sugar, and salt, and virtually free of cholesterol. RESULTS: Of the 250 enrollees, 242 "graduated" (78 men and 164 women; almost all Caucasian; mean age 54 +/- 12 years). They had coronary artery disease (CAD) (12%), diabetes (16%), hypertension (55%), most were overweight (88%), and the majority (79%) had low-density lipoprotein (LDL) levels >or=100 mg%. At 4 weeks, stratified analyses of total cholesterol (TC), LDL, triglycerides (TG), blood glucose, blood pressure, and weight showed that those at highest risk also had the greatest improvements. Depending on baseline levels, TC means dropped 10-23% in men and 6-13% in women. At the same time, LDL means declined 5-30% in men and 6-14% in women. In TG, the biggest drop (48%) was found in men who at baseline were in the highest risk category (in women, the biggest TG drop was 32%). CONCLUSION: Community-based intervention strategies can be successfully and affordably utilized to lower coronary risk factor levels in a self-selected, free-living population. The true test, however, will be to what extent social infrastructures can be modified and alumni activities sustained to facilitate long-term adherence and sustained benefits. FAU - Englert, Heike S
In silico structural characteristics and α-amylase inhibitory properties of Ric c 1 and Ric c 3, allergenic 2S albumins from Ricinus communis seeds.; The major Ricinus communis allergens are the 2S albumins, Ric c 1 and Ric c 3. These proteins contain a trypsin/α-amylase inhibitor family domain, suggesting that they have a role in insect resistance. In this study, we verified that Ric c 1 and Ric c 3 inhibited the α-amylase activity of Callosobruchus maculatus, Zabrotes subfasciatus, and Tenebrio molitor (TMA) larvae as well as mammalian α-amylase. The toxicity of 2S albumin was determined through its incorporation in C. maculatus larvae as part of an artificial diet. Bioassays revealed that 2S albumin reduced larval growth by 20%. We also analyzed the tridimensional structures of Ric c 1 and Ric c 3 by (a) constructing a comparative model of Ric c 1 based on Ric c 3 NMR structure and (b) constructing the theoretical structure of the Ric c 1-TMA and Ric c 3-TMA complexes. Our biological and theoretical results revealed that Ric c 1 and Ric c 3 are a new class of α-amylase inhibitors. They could potentially be used to help design inhibitors that would be useful in diverse fields, ranging from diabetes treatment to crop protection. FAU - Do Nascimento, Viviane Veiga
[Obesity and work: proposal for a multidisciplinary intervention model for prevention and its application in an engineering plant].; INTRODUCTION: Obesity is often particularly burdensome for subjects at work and leads to hypertension and diabetes preceded by a low grade of inflammation. Measures to promote health at the workplace can be achieved through periodic health surveillance. Simple parameters such as height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (CV), blood pressure (BP), as well as taking into account the type of work and tasks, shift work and smoking, are in fact sufficient to identify the most significant features of the working population so as to adequately design the type of intervention required. The paper describes how a health promotion programme aimed at preventing overweight and obesity was implemented based on analysis of the health surveillance data routinely collected by the occupational physician in an engineering plant in northern Italy. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Data on weight, height and BMI were collected for 301 workers with different jobs and shifts in an engineering plant; 32 of these workers, (mean age 44+/-8.4) agreed to undergo a diagnosis and treatment programme at the Obesity and Work Centre of the Clinica del Lavoro in Milan. INTERVENTIONS AND RESULTS: A higher incidence of overweight and obesity was found compared to the national average for similar age classes, therefore meetings were organized at the plant on awareness and information on correct lifestyle and diet targeted for shift workers. The workers who had followed the diagnosis and treatment programme had a mean BMI of 32.6 (SD 2.7) and, considering the parameters investigated, the presence of metabolic syndrome was found in a greater proportion of subjects (62.5%) than the average in our practice (46%) and particularly in workers with three day shifts. CONCLUSIONSThe intervention programme began with assessment of the information obtained in the course of routine periodic health surveillance according to the occupational hazards under study. On the basis of this information it was possible to implement the first awareness campaigns. On completion of the multidisciplinary intervention, which was conducted in collaboration with the occupational physician, two major initiatives were taken: one in the canteen with the aim of improving the nutritional content and type of meals offered to suit the dietary needs of overweight or obese workers, and the other consisted of an agreement with local gyms so as to motivate workers to exercise more. A prerequisitefor this type of initiative is the willingness and understanding of the management to recognize the health of the worker as a priority value. FAU - Vigna, Luisella
Vegetable protein intake is associated with lower gallbladder disease risk: Findings from the Women's Health Initiative prospective cohort.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to measure associations between gallbladder disease and protein intake patterns, separated by quantity and type (vegetable vs. animal), among postmenopausal women. METHODS: Analyses were based on 130,859 postmenopausal women enrolled from 1993 to 1998 at 40 U.S. clinical centers in the Women's Health Initiative clinical trials and observational study. Women were excluded if they reported a history of gallbladder disease prior to baseline. Cox proportional hazards regression models, adjusted for gallbladder disease risk factors, were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for associations between energy-adjusted protein intake and gallbladder disease. RESULTS: In this study sample, 8.1% of postmenopausal women self-reported incident gallbladder disease. In multivariate analysis, women in the highest quintile of energy-adjusted vegetable protein intake (>24.0g/d) had a lower risk of gallbladder disease (HR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.81-0.93) as compared to women in the lowest quintile (<16.3g/d) (Ptrend<0.001). Total protein intake was modestly protective against gallbladder disease (Ptrend<0.021). Animal protein intake was not associated with gallbladder disease risk. The protective effect of vegetable protein held stable only for women without history of diabetes (HR, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.80-0.92) and without recent weight loss (HR, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.80-0.97). CONCLUSIONS: Vegetable protein intake is inversely associated with gallbladder disease risk in our sample of postmenopausal women. In addition to weight management, healthcare providers could emphasize vegetable protein as an additional dietary modality to promote lower risk for gallbladder disease.
Roles for endothelial zinc homeostasis in vascular physiology and coronary artery disease.; The discovery of the roles of nitric oxide (NO) in cardiovascular signaling has led to a revolution in the understanding of cardiovascular disease. A new perspective to this story involving zinc (Zn) is emerging. Zn and its associated Zn transporter proteins are important for the integrity and functions of both the large conduit vessels and the microvascular resistance vessels. The Zn and NO pathways are tightly coordinated. Zn ions are required for the dimerization of endothelial nitric oxide synthase and subsequent generation of NO while generation of NO leads to a rapid mobilization of endothelial Zn stores. Labile Zn may mediate important downstream actions of NO including vascular cytoprotection and vasodilation. Several vascular disease risk factors (including aging, smoking and diabetes) interfere with Zn homeostatic mechanisms and both hypozincaemia and Zn transporter protein abnormalities are linked to atherosclerosis and microvascular disease. Some vegetarian diets and long-term use of certain anti-hypertensives may also impact on Zn status. The available evidence supports the existence of a Zn regulatory pathway in the vascular wall that is coupled to the generation and actions of NO and which is compromised in Zn deficiency with consequent implications for the pathogenesis and therapy of vascular disease. FAU - Zalewski, P D
Inhibitors of pancreatic lipase: state of the art and clinical perspectives.; Obesity is a disorder of lipid metabolism and continues to be a global problem, ranking fifth for deaths worldwide. It also leads to diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, musculoskeletal disorders and some types of cancer. Obesity is regarded as the output of a long-term imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure. Digestion and absorption of dietary lipids by pancreatic lipase, a major source of excess calorie intake, can be targeted for development of anti-obesity agents. Being the major factor of concern, food materials and edible plants are most widely studied for the anti-obesity activity, so that they can be incorporated in the routine diet. In this review, an attempt was made to present a current scenario of the bioactive compounds from plant and microbial origin that have been investigated for their pancreatic lipase inhibition. Compounds belonging to various classes of natural products such as alkaloids, carotenoids, glycosides, polyphenols, polysaccharides, saponins and terpenoids are well studied while lipophilic compounds from microbial sources are the most active against the pancreatic lipase. Few studies on the synthetic analogues, structurally similar to the triglycerides have been described in the review. Despite of tremendous research on the finding of potential pancreatic lipase inhibitor, very few compounds have entered the clinical studies and no new molecule after orlistat has been marketed. Along with HTS based screening, detailed structure-activity relationship studies on semi-synthetic and synthetic derivatives might also provide a direction for the development of potential lead(s) or pharmacophore for pancreatic lipase inhibition in order to treat and/or prevent obesity and related disorders. FAU - Lunagariya, Nitin A
Inhibitory Activities of Zygophyllum album: A Natural Weight-Lowering Plant on Key Enzymes in High-Fat Diet-Fed Rats.; Obesity is a serious health problem that increased risk for many complications, including diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The results showed EZA, which found rich in flavonoids and phenolic compounds, exhibited an inhibitory activity on pancreatic lipase in vitro with IC(50) of 91.07 μg/mL. In vivo administration of this extract to HFD-rats lowered body weight and serum leptin level; and inhibited lipase activity of obese rats by 37% leading to notable decrease of T-Ch, TGs and LDL-c levels accompanied with an increase in HDL-c concentration in serum and liver of EZA treated HFD-rats. Moreover, the findings revealed that EZA helped to protect liver tissue from the appearance of fatty cysts. Interestingly, supplementation of EZA modulated key enzyme related to hypertension such as ACE by 36% in serum of HFD animals and improve some of serum electrolytes such as Na(+), K(+), Cl(-), Ca(2+) and Mg(2+). Moreover, EZA significantly protected the liver-kidney function by reverted back near to normal the values of the liver-kidney dysfunction indices AST&ALT, ALP, CPK and GGT activities, decreased T-Bili, creat, urea and uric acid rates. In conclusion, these results showed a strong antihypelipidemic effect of EZA which can delay the occurrence of dislipidemia and hypertension. FAU - Mnafgui, Kais
Quantitation of free glycation compounds in saliva.; In the course of the Maillard reaction, which occurs during heating of food but also under physiological condition, a broad spectrum of reaction products is formed. Among them, the advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) Nε-carboxymethyllysine (CML), pyrraline (Pyr), methylglyoxal-derived hydroimidazolone 1 (MG-H1) and Nε-carboxyethyllysine (CEL) are the quantitatively dominating compounds during later reaction stages. Those dietary glycation compounds are under discussion as to be associated with chronic inflammation and the pathophysiological consequences of diseases such as diabetes. In the present study, the concentration of individual glycation compounds in saliva was monitored for the first time and related to their dietary uptake. Fasting saliva of 33 metabolically healthy subjects was analyzed with HPLC-MS/MS. The observed levels of individual glycation compounds ranged from 0.5 to 55.2 ng/ml and differed both intra- and interindividually. Patterns did not correlate with subject-related features such as vegetarianism or sports activities, indicating that dietary intake may play an important role. Therefore, six volunteers were asked to eat a raw food diet free of glycation compounds for two days. Within two days, salivary Pyr was lowered from median 1.7 ng/ml to a minimum level below the limit of detection, and MG-H1 decreased from 3.6 to 1.7 ng/ml in in a time-dependent manner after two days. Salivary CML and CEL concentrations were not affected. Therefore, measuring Pyr and MG-H1 in saliva is a suitable diagnostic tool to monitor the dietary intake and metabolic transit of glycation compounds present in heated foods. FAU - Manig, Friederike
Post-Stroke Depression Modulation and in Vivo Antioxidant Activity of Gallic Acid and Its Synthetic Derivatives in a Murine Model System. LID - 10.3390/nu8050248 [doi] LID - 248; Gallic acid (3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoic acid, GA) is a plant secondary metabolite, which shows antioxidant activity and is commonly found in many plant-based foods and beverages. Recent evidence suggests that oxidative stress contributes to the development of many human chronic diseases, including cardiovascular and neurodegenerative pathologies, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cancer. GA and its derivative, methyl-3-O-methyl gallate (M3OMG), possess physiological and pharmacological activities closely related to their antioxidant properties. This paper describes the antidepressive-like effects of intraperitoneal administration of GA and two synthetic analogues, M3OMG and P3OMG (propyl-3-O-methylgallate), in balb/c mice with post-stroke depression, a secondary form of depression that could be due to oxidative stress occurring during cerebral ischemia and the following reperfusion. Moreover, this study determined the in vivo antioxidant activity of these compounds through the evaluation of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase (Cat) activity, thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) and reduced glutathione (GSH) levels in mouse brain. GA and its synthetic analogues were found to be active (at doses of 25 and 50 mg/kg) in the modulation of depressive symptoms and the reduction of oxidative stress, restoring normal behavior and, at least in part, antioxidant endogenous defenses, with M3OMG being the most active of these compounds. SOD, TBARS, and GSH all showed strong correlation with behavioral parameters, suggesting that oxidative stress is tightly linked to the pathological processes involved in stroke and PSD. As a whole, the obtained results show that the administration of GA, M3OMG and P3OMG induce a reduction in depressive symptoms and oxidative stress. FAU - Nabavi, Seyed Fazel
Fructan content of commonly consumed wheat, rye and gluten-free breads.; Fructans are non-digestible carbohydrates with various nutritional properties including effects on microbial metabolism, mineral absorption and satiety. They are present in a range of plant foods, with wheat being an important source. The aim of the present study was to measure the fructan content of a range of wheat, rye and gluten-free breads consumed in the United Kingdom. Fructans were measured in a range of breads using selective enzymic hydrolysis and spectrophotometry based on the AOAC 999.03 method. The breads generally contained low quantities of fructan (0.61-1.94 g/100 g), with rye bread being the richest source (1.94 g/100 g). Surprisingly, gluten-free bread contained similar quantities of fructan (1.00 g/100 g) as other breads. There was wide variation in fructan content between individual brands of granary (0.76-1.09 g/100 g) and gluten-free breads (0.36-1.79 g/100 g). Although they contain only low quantities of fructan, the widespread consumption of bread may make a significant contribution to fructan intakes. FAU - Whelan, Kevin
Cholesterol-lowering effects of oat β-glucan: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Health claims regarding the cholesterol-lowering effect of soluble fiber from oat products, approved by food standards agencies worldwide, are based on a diet containing ≥3 g/d of oat β-glucan (OBG). Given the number of recently published randomized controlled trials (RCTs), it is important to update the findings of previous meta-analyses. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to quantify the effect of ≥3 g OBG/d on serum cholesterol concentrations in humans and investigate potential effect modifiers. DESIGN: A meta-analysis was performed on 28 RCTs comparing ≥3 g OBG/d with an appropriate control. Systematic searches were undertaken in PubMed, AGRICOLA, and Scopus between 1 January 1966 and 6 June 2013, plus in-house study reports at CreaNutrition AG. Studies were assessed with regard to inclusion/exclusion criteria, and data were extracted from included studies by reviewers working independently in pairs, reconciling differences by consensus. Estimates of the mean reduction in serum cholesterol from baseline between the OBG and control diets were analyzed by using random-effects meta-analysis models and meta-regression. RESULTS: OBG in doses of ≥3 g/d reduced low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and total cholesterol relative to control by 0.25 mmol/L (95% CI: 0.20, 0.30; P < 0.0001) and 0.30 mmol/L (95% CI: 0.24, 0.35; P < 0.0001), respectively, with some indication of heterogeneity (P = 0.13 and P = 0.067). There was no significant effect of OBG on high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol or triglycerides and no evidence that dose (range across trials: 3.0-12.4 g/d) or duration of treatment (range: 2-12 wk) influenced the results. LDL cholesterol lowering was significantly greater with higher baseline LDL cholesterol. There was a significantly greater effect for both LDL and total cholesterol in subjects with diabetes compared with those without (although based on few studies). CONCLUSIONS: Adding ≥3 g OBG/d to the diet reduces LDL and total cholesterol by 0.25 mmol/L and 0.30 mmol/L, respectively, without changing HDL cholesterol or triglycerides.
Differential Isotope Labeling of 38 Dietary Polyphenols and Their Quantification in Urine by Liquid Chromatography Electrospray Ionization Tandem Mass Spectrometry.; A large number of polyphenols are consumed with the diet and may contribute to the prevention of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, cancers, and neurodegenerative diseases. More comprehensive methods are needed to measure exposure to this complex family of bioactive plant compounds in epidemiological studies. We report here a novel method enabling the simultaneous measurement in urine of 38 polyphenols representative of the main classes and subclasses found in the diet. This method is based on differential (12)C-/(13)C-isotope labeling of polyphenols through derivatization with isotopic dansyl chloride reagents and on the analysis of the labeled polyphenols by tandem mass spectrometry. This derivatization approach overcomes the need for costly labeled standards. Different conditions for enzyme hydrolysis of polyphenol glucuronides and sulfate esters, extraction, and dansylation of unconjugated aglycones were tested and optimized. Limits of quantification varied from 0.01 to 1.1 μM depending on polyphenols. Intrabatch coefficients of variation varied between 3.9% and 9.6%. Interbatch variations were lower than 15% for 31 compounds and lower than 29% for 6 additional polyphenols out of the 38 tested. Thirty seven polyphenols were validated and then analyzed in 475, 24 h urine samples from the European Prospective Investigation on Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) study. Thirty four polyphenols could be detected and successfully estimated and showed large interindividual variations of concentrations (2-3 orders of magnitude depending on the compound), with median concentrations spanning from 0.01 to over 1000 μM for all 34 compounds. FAU - Achaintre, David
Co-supplementation of isomalto-oligosaccharides potentiates metabolic health benefits of polyphenol-rich cranberry extract in high fat diet-fed mice via enhanced gut butyrate production.; PURPOSE: Cranberries are a rich source of polyphenolic antioxidants. Purified sugars or artificial sweeteners are being added to cranberry-based food products to mask tartness. Refined sugar and artificial sweeteners intake modulate gut microbiota and result in metabolic complications. We evaluated effects of isomalto-oligosaccharides (IMOs; sweet tasting non-digestible oligosaccharides) with cranberry extract (CRX) on high fat diet (HFD)-induced metabolic alterations in mice. METHODS: Male Swiss albino mice were fed normal chow or HFD (58% fat kcal), and were administered either CRX (200 mg/kg) alone or in combination with IMOs (1 g/kg). Cecal short-chain fatty acids, abundances of selected (1) butyrate producing, (2) metabolically beneficial, and (3) selective lipopolysaccharides producing gram negative gut bacteria were studied. Further, gut-related histological, biochemical, genomic changes along with circulating pro-/anti-inflammatory markers and systemic obesity-associated metabolic changes were studied. RESULTS: Co-supplementation of CRX and IMOs significantly improved cecal SCFAs, especially butyrate levels, selected butyrate-producing bacteria (clostridial cluster XIVa bacteria) and butyrate kinase expression in HFD-fed mice. The combination also significantly improved gut beneficial bacterial abundance, gut histology and related changes (colon mucin production, gut permeability) as compared to individual agents. It also prevented HFD-induced systemic and tissue inflammation, glucose intolerance and systemic obesity-associated metabolic changes in adipose tissue and liver. The combination of CRX and IMOs appeared more effective in the prevention of HFD-induced gut derangements. CONCLUSION: Combination of CRX and IMOs could be advantageous for normalization of metabolic alterations seen in diet-induced obesity via beneficial modulation of gastrointestinal health. FAU - Singh, Dhirendra Pratap
Chemistry and pharmacology of Bidens pilosa: an overview.; Bidens pilosa L. is an edible herb and has been traditionally used for a wide range of ailments in many countries. The aim of this review is to present comprehensive information of the chemical constituents, nutraceutical and ethnomedical uses as well as the biological and pharmacological effects and toxicity of this plant based on 218 literary sources reported over 40 years. Major chemical constituents (including 301 compounds) belonging to polyacetylenes, polyacetylene glycosides, flavonoids, flavone glycosides, aurones, chalcones, okanin glycosides, phenolic acids, terpenes, pheophytins, fatty acids and phytosterols have been identified or isolated from the different parts of this plant. Many of them have been considered as the bioactive compounds which are potentially responsible for the pharmacological actions. Various types of preparations, extracts and individual compounds derived from this plant have been found to possess biological and pharmacological activities such as anti-malarial, anti-allergy, anti-hypertensive and smooth muscle relaxant, anti-cancerogenic, anti-diabetic, anti-inflammatory, anti-microbial, antioxidant. The results of data analysis on the chemicals, pharmacological and toxicological characteristics of B. pilosa validate the view of its folk worldwide-medicinal uses. This herb has a great beneficial therapeutic property and is possibly used for complement or alternative to pharmaceutical drugs in some specific cases. However, this herb is known as hyperaccumulator and as-excluder; therefore, harvesting the herb for medicinal uses should be judiciously cautioned.
Medicinal Chemistry of Alternative Therapeutics: Novelty and Hopes with Genus Ammannia.; The plants have formed the basis of folklore remedy since the beginning of human civilization. The cumulative human endeavor and experience over a period of thousands of years developed into well to organize traditional medicine systems viz. Ayurvedic, Unani, Chinese amongst others. Across the world, traditional medicine is either the mainstay of health care or serves as a complement to modern drugs. In view of worldwide use of traditional medicines, World Health Organization launched 'WHO-Traditional Medicine Strategy 2014-2023' for the development of strong policies regarding knowledge-base, safety, quality-control and effectiveness of traditional/alternative therapeutics for national health systems. Besides their use in traditional medicine, plants have always been a good source of modern drug/pharmacologically active molecules. More than half of the modern pharmaceuticals are either plant isolates or their derivatives. The plant-based drugs are not only effective, but have better compatibility with human biological systems because of more biologically relevant chemistry, hence lesser side effects. Some of the species of genus Ammannia (Lythraceae) have been reported for their magical medicinal values. Many herbal formulations containing Ammannia spp. have been patented for treatment of serious diseases/disorders like cancer, spinal disease, human female infertility, chronic tonsillitis, pelvic inflammatory disease, treatment of bladder stones, urinary tract infections, dermatitis etc. The uses of Ammannia spp. in traditional medicine have been further verified by the biological activities of their extracts as well as isolation of bioactive phytomolecules. The current review provides details about Ammannia spp.; its use in folklore remedy, herbal formulations, biological activities of extracts, isolation of bioactive phytomolecules and SAR study of semi-synthetic derivatives to analyze the possibility of new drug molecules of plant origin.
Antidiabetic and Antihyperlipidemic Effects of Clitocybe nuda on Glucose Transporter 4 and AMP-Activated Protein Kinase Phosphorylation in High-Fat-Fed Mice.; The objective of this study was to evaluate the antihyperlipidemic and antihyperglycemic effects and mechanism of the extract of Clitocybe nuda (CNE), in high-fat- (HF-) fed mice. C57BL/6J was randomly divided into two groups: the control (CON) group was fed with a low-fat diet, whereas the experimental group was fed with a HF diet for 8 weeks. Then, the HF group was subdivided into five groups and was given orally CNE (including C1: 0.2, C2: 0.5, and C3: 1.0 g/kg/day extracts) or rosiglitazone (Rosi) or vehicle for 4 weeks. CNE effectively prevented HF-diet-induced increases in the levels of blood glucose, triglyceride, insulin (P < 0.001, P < 0.01, P < 0.05, resp.) and attenuated insulin resistance. By treatment with CNE, body weight gain, weights of white adipose tissue (WAT) and hepatic triacylglycerol content were reduced; moreover, adipocytes in the visceral depots showed a reduction in size. By treatment with CNE, the protein contents of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) were significantly increased in C3-treated group in the skeletal muscle. Furthermore, CNE reduces the hepatic expression of glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) and glucose production. CNE significantly increases protein contents of phospho-AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) in the skeletal muscle and adipose and liver tissues. Therefore, it is possible that the activation of AMPK by CNE leads to diminished gluconeogenesis in the liver and enhanced glucose uptake in skeletal muscle. It is shown that CNE exhibits hypolipidemic effect in HF-fed mice by increasing ATGL expression, which is known to help triglyceride to hydrolyze. Moreover, antidiabetic properties of CNE occurred as a result of decreased hepatic glucose production via G6Pase downregulation and improved insulin sensitization. Thus, amelioration of diabetic and dyslipidemic states by CNE in HF-fed mice occurred by regulation of GLUT4, G6Pase, ATGL, and AMPK phosphorylation. FAU - Chen, Mei-Hsing
Health benefits of legumes and pulses with a focus on Australian sweet lupins.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The 68th United Nations General Assembly declared 2016 the International Year of Pulses. Therefore it is timely to review the current evidence of the benefits of legumes for human health with a focus on Australian sweet lupins. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: Medline, Pubmed, Cochrane library were searched to identify cross-sectional/epidemiological studies, randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and systematic reviews. RESULTS: The strongest evidence appears to be for links between eating legumes and reduced risk of colorectal cancer as well as eating soy foods and reduced LDL cholesterol. However, epidemiological studies and RCTs suggest that replacing several meat-based meals a week with legumes can have a positive impact on longevity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and weight management, potentially via favourable effects on the gut microbiome. Sweet lupins are unique among legumes with one of the highest combined amounts of digestible plant protein (38%) and dietary fibre (30%). Unlike other legumes, their low amount of anti-nutritional factors negates the need for soaking/cooking and they can therefore be eaten uncooked. Sweet lupins may lower blood pressure, improve blood lipids and insulin sensitivity and favourably alter the gut microbiome. There is growing interest in pulses, especially sweet lupins, as ingredients to improve the nutritional value of baked goods (particularly gluten free) and to create novel products to replace meat. CONCLUSION: Legumes form part of most traditional diets. They, including sweet lupins, can play a useful role in health maintenance. FAU - Kouris-Blazos, Antigone
Thai physicians health survey.; Physicians often conduct research on other occupations' health or general populations' health, but their health has hardly been studied systematically. The authors conducted a cross-sectional descriptive survey on 440 physicians systematically selected from their medical license numbers. The response rate was 86.4% (380 out of 440). Two-hundred and twenty-nine were male, and 151 were female. Their average age was 40.8 years (range: 22-74). Most of them were Buddhists (93.9%), specialists (64.2%), married only once and still lived with their spouses (59.5%), and concurrently practiced medicine (95.5%). Their overall satisfaction as physicians was 60.2% high, and 37.2% moderate. Their average sleep time was 6-8 hours per night for 58.9%. Most had eye problems (74.9%) and most were refractive errors such as myopia. Most (63.8%) of them did not have any prevalent diseases. Whereas those who had diseases had (in order) allergy, hypertension, asthma, diabetes, and cancer. Their current illnesses included respiratory tract infection. Most physicians did not smoke (94.2%) nor drink alcohol (70.5%). Most of them were not vegetarians (60.4%), did not eat fast food (99.2%). Interestingly, 41.4% of them were accounted for spending less than twice per week for exercise. As expected, 23.7% of them were exposed to blood, 14.5% to respiratory tract secretion, and 13.7% to pus/secretion from wounds. This study serves as a basis for health promotion approach to medical community and does create awareness of health among Thai physicians. FAU - Wattanasirichaigoon, Somkiat
Re-challenging FODMAPs: the low FODMAP diet phase two.; The low fermentable, oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides, and polyols (FODMAP) diet has good evidence for use in the treatment of patients with irritable bowel syndrome. Importantly, patients are encouraged not to remain on a strict low FODMAP diet long-term, and many patients maintain symptom improvement with a relaxed, moderate FODMAP restriction. The re-challenge phase is crucial to assist patients in identifying specific dietary triggers, reduce the level of dietary restriction required, and increase prebiotic intake. Limited evidence is available to guide best practice, but, in practice, beneficial outcomes can be seen through strategic food reintroductions. Here, we set out some practical recommendations based on clinical experience. Dietitians should tailor the challenge process to the individual patient and their needs. Food challenges should aim to improve dietary variety and nutritional adequacy while considering specific food preferences and usual dietary habits. Identifying FODMAP subgroups that are well tolerated is helpful, allowing the reintroduction of some moderate to high FODMAP foods back into the diet without symptom induction. FODMAP subtypes that are less well tolerated may also be reintroduced, but dosage and frequency of consumption need to be individualized. Additional challenges that face dietitians include consideration of patients with multiple dietary restrictions such as in vegetarians or patients with diabetes who are simultaneously following a low FODMAP diet. Ensuring nutritional adequacy is essential. The outcome of the re-challenge process aims to find a balance between good symptom control and expansion of the diet.
Dietary Glycine Is Rate-Limiting for Glutathione Synthesis and May Have Broad Potential for Health Protection.; BACKGROUND: Glutathione is a key scavenging antioxidant that opposes the proinflammatory signaling of hydrogen peroxide. Boosting cellular glutathione levels may have broad utility in the prevention and treatment of disorders driven by oxidative stress. Supplemental N-acetylcysteine has been employed for this purpose. Could supplemental glycine likewise promote glutathione synthesis? METHODS: We conducted a review of the pertinent literature using PubMed. RESULTS: Tissue glycine levels are lower than the glutathione synthase Michaelis constant (K(m)) for glycine. When glycine availability is too low to sustain a normal rate of glutathione synthesis, the consequent rise in tissue levels of gamma-glutamylcysteine leads to an increase in urinary excretion of its alternative metabolite 5-L-oxoproline. The fact that urinary excretion of this metabolite is elevated in vegetarians and others consuming relatively low-protein diets strongly suggests that dietary glycine can be rate-limiting for glutathione synthesis in normally fed humans. Moreover, supplemental glycine has been reported to increase tissue glutathione levels in several animal studies. Glycine is a biosynthetic precursor for porphyrins, purines, creatine, sarcosine, and bile salts; is an agonist for glycine-gated chloride channels and a coagonist for N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors; inhibits protein glycation; and increases hepatic production of pyruvate, an effective scavenger of hydrogen peroxide. Supplemental glycine may have the potential for improving endothelial function, preventing cardiac hypertrophy, aiding control of metabolic syndrome, preventing the complications of diabetes, dampening inflammation, protecting the liver, and promoting effective sleep. CONCLUSION: Clinical research is warranted to evaluate the impact of supplemental glycine on glutathione levels and on various health disorders. FAU - McCarty, Mark F
Prevalence of iron deficiency in first trimester, nonanemic pregnant women.; Despite a high frequency of iron deficiency in pregnancy, the United States Preventative Services Task Force (USPSTF) stated: "there is inconclusive evidence routine supplementation for iron deficiency anemia improves maternal or infant clinical health outcomes." In contradistinction, high-quality epidemiologic studies report long lasting deficits in infants diagnosed with iron deficiency in the first 6 months of life compared with infants who were not, with specific deficits in cognition, memory, executive function and electrophysiology documented up to 19 years of age. Infants are not routinely screened for iron deficiency. United Kingdom guidelines differ and recommend screening high-risk infants who are preterm, of diabetic, underweight, obese, or vegetarian mothers, those born to anemic or iron deficient mothers, of smokers, those with inflammatory bowel disease or abnormal uterine bleeding, and from pregnancies in which the intergravid period is <6 months. Iron parameters are not routinely drawn unless anemia is present and in some cases only if microcytic. In that iron deficiency precedes the development of anemia, and waiting for its development misses a large number of overtly iron deficient gravidas. Iron parameters were measured in 102 consecutive, nonselected, nonanemic, first trimester women presenting to their obstetricians. Using standard cutoffs of percent transferrin saturation and/or serum ferritin, 42% were observed to be iron deficient. Given the lack of harm of testing for iron deficiency, it appears prudent to err on the side of caution and screen all presenting pregnant mothers until properly powered outcome data become available. The current recommendations of the USPSTF may need to be revisited. FAU - Auerbach, Michael
Serum vitamin B12 deficiency and hyperhomocystinemia: a reversible cause of acute chorea, cerebellar ataxia in an adult with cerebral ischemia.; Patients with vitamin B12 deficiency have protean neurological manifestations that are often insidious. Acute onset of cerebellar dysfunction and extrapyramidal manifestations like dystonia and chorea are rather uncommon in adults. We describe a patient who manifested with acute onset of language dysfunction, chorea and ataxia. There was no history of hypertension, diabetes or ischemic heart disease. He had low serum vitamin B12 and elevated serum homocystine levels. He improved dramatically following B12 replacement therapy. Our patient provides insight into the pathophysiological mechanism of this rare manifestation. Further the importance of considering vitamin B12 deficiency, in country like India, where vegetarian food practice is quite common, is being emphasized. FAU - Shyambabu, C
Arctic berry extracts target the gut-liver axis to alleviate metabolic endotoxaemia, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis in diet-induced obese mice.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: There is growing evidence that fruit polyphenols exert beneficial effects on the metabolic syndrome, but the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. In the present study, we aimed to analyse the effects of polyphenolic extracts from five types of Arctic berries in a model of diet-induced obesity. METHODS: Male C57BL/6 J mice were fed a high-fat/high-sucrose (HFHS) diet and orally treated with extracts of bog blueberry (BBE), cloudberry (CLE), crowberry (CRE), alpine bearberry (ABE), lingonberry (LGE) or vehicle (HFHS) for 8 weeks. An additional group of standard-chow-fed, vehicle-treated mice was included as a reference control for diet-induced obesity. OGTTs and insulin tolerance tests were conducted, and both plasma insulin and C-peptide were assessed throughout the OGTT. Quantitative PCR, western blot analysis and ELISAs were used to assess enterohepatic immunometabolic features. Faecal DNA was extracted and 16S rRNA gene-based analysis was used to profile the gut microbiota. RESULTS: Treatment with CLE, ABE and LGE, but not with BBE or CRE, prevented both fasting hyperinsulinaemia (mean ± SEM [pmol/l]: chow 67.2 ± 12.3, HFHS 153.9 ± 19.3, BBE 114.4 ± 14.3, CLE 82.5 ± 13.0, CRE 152.3 ± 24.4, ABE 90.6 ± 18.0, LGE 95.4 ± 10.5) and postprandial hyperinsulinaemia (mean ± SEM AUC [pmol/l × min]: chow 14.3 ± 1.4, HFHS 31.4 ± 3.1, BBE 27.2 ± 4.0, CLE 17.7 ± 2.2, CRE 32.6 ± 6.3, ABE 22.7 ± 18.0, LGE 23.9 ± 2.5). None of the berry extracts affected C-peptide levels or body weight gain. Levels of hepatic serine phosphorylated Akt were 1.6-, 1.5- and 1.2-fold higher with CLE, ABE and LGE treatment, respectively, and hepatic carcinoembryonic antigen-related cell adhesion molecule (CEACAM)-1 tyrosine phosphorylation was 0.6-, 0.7- and 0.9-fold increased in these mice vs vehicle-treated, HFHS-fed mice. These changes were associated with reduced liver triacylglycerol deposition, lower circulating endotoxins, alleviated hepatic and intestinal inflammation, and major gut microbial alterations (e.g. bloom of Akkermansia muciniphila, Turicibacter and Oscillibacter) in CLE-, ABE- and LGE-treated mice. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our findings reveal novel mechanisms by which polyphenolic extracts from ABE, LGE and especially CLE target the gut-liver axis to protect diet-induced obese mice against metabolic endotoxaemia, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis, which importantly improves hepatic insulin clearance. These results support the potential benefits of these Arctic berries and their integration into health programmes to help attenuate obesity-related chronic inflammation and metabolic disorders. DATA AVAILABILITY: All raw sequences have been deposited in the public European Nucleotide Archive server under accession number PRJEB19783 ( https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/data/view/PRJEB19783 ). FAU - Anhê, Fernando F
Populus balsamifera Extract and Its Active Component Salicortin Reduce Obesity and Attenuate Insulin Resistance in a Diet-Induced Obese Mouse Model.; Populus balsamifera L. (BP) is a medicinal plant stemming from the traditional pharmacopoeia of the Cree of Eeyou Istchee (CEI-Northern Quebec). In vitro screening studies revealed that it strongly inhibited adipogenesis in 3T3-L1 adipocytes, suggesting potential antiobesity activity. Salicortin was identified, through bioassay-guided fractionation, as the active component responsible for BP's activity. The present study aimed to assess the potential of BP and salicortin at reducing obesity and features of the metabolic syndrome, in diet-induced obese C57Bl/6 mice. Mice were subjected to high fat diet (HFD) for sixteen weeks, with BP (125 or 250 mg/kg) or salicortin (12.5 mg/kg) introduced in the HFD for the last eight of the sixteen weeks. BP and salicortin effectively reduced whole body and retroperitoneal fat pad weights, as well as hepatic triglyceride accumulation. Glycemia, insulinemia, leptin, and adiponectin levels were also improved. This was accompanied by a small yet significant reduction in food intake in animals treated with BP. BP and salicortin (slightly) also modulated key components in signaling pathways involved with glucose regulation and lipid oxidation in the liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. These results confirm the validity of the CEI pharmacopoeia as alternative and complementary antiobesity and antidiabetic therapies. FAU - Harbilas, Despina
Angiotensin-I-Converting Enzyme (ACE)-Inhibitory Peptides from Plants. LID - 10.3390/nu9040316 [doi] LID - 316; Hypertension is an important factor in cardiovascular diseases. Angiotensin-I-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors like synthetic drugs are widely used to control hypertension. ACE-inhibitory peptides from food origins could be a good alternative to synthetic drugs. A number of plant-based peptides have been investigated for their potential ACE inhibitor activities by using in vitro and in vivo assays. These plant-based peptides can be obtained by solvent extraction, enzymatic hydrolysis with or without novel food processing methods, and fermentation. ACE-inhibitory activities of peptides can be affected by their structural characteristics such as chain length, composition and sequence. ACE-inhibitory peptides should have gastrointestinal stability and reach the cardiovascular system to show their bioactivity. This paper reviews the current literature on plant-derived ACE-inhibitory peptides including their sources, production and structure, as well as their activity by in vitro and in vivo studies and their bioavailability. FAU - Daskaya-Dikmen, Ceren
Nutritional applications and beneficial health applications of green tea and l-theanine in some animal species: A review.; Green tea (Camellia sinensis) is a popular herbal plant with abundant health benefits, and thus, it has been used as a potent antioxidant for a long time. Based on the available literature, the diversity and the availability of multifunctional compounds in green tea offer its noteworthy potential against many diseases such as liver and heart diseases, inflammatory conditions and different metabolic syndromes. Owing to its bioactive constituents including caffeine, amino acids, l-theanine, polyphenols/flavonoids and carbohydrates among other potent molecules, green tea has many pharmacological and physiological effects. The effects of green tea include anti-oxidative, anti-inflammatory, anti-arthritic, anti-stress, hypolipidaemic, hypocholesterolaemic, skin/collagen protective, hepatoprotective, anti-diabetic, anti-microbial, anti-infective, anti-parasitic, anti-cancerous, inhibition of tumorigenesis and angiogenesis, anti-mutagenic, and memory and bone health-improving activities. Apart from its utilization in humans, green tea has also played a significant role in livestock production such as in dairy, piggery, goatry and poultry industries. Supplementation of animal feeds with green tea and its products is in line with the modern concepts of organic livestock production. Hence, incorporating green tea or green tea by-products into the diet of poultry and other livestock can enhance the value of the products obtained from these animals. Herein, an effort is made to extend the knowledge on the importance and useful applications of green tea and its important constituents in animal production including poultry. This review will be a guideline for researchers and entrepreneurs who want to explore the utilization of feeds supplemented with green tea and green tea by-products for the enhancement of livestock production.
Systemic risk factors for idiopathic macular holes: a case-control study.; PURPOSE/BACKGROUND: The idiopathic full-thickness macular hole (IFTMH) is an important cause of poor vision in the elderly affecting predominantly women over the age of 60 years. While it is accepted that vitreoretinal traction is an important local factor in the development of IFTMH, the underlying cause is not known. The aim of this study was to identify possible systemic risk factors for the development of IFTMH. METHODS: Two hundred and thirty-seven patients with IFTMH (cases) attending the Macular Hole Clinic at Moorfields Eye Hospital were identified. These were compared with 172 patients without macular holes (controls) attending other clinics in the same hospital. Cases and controls were frequency-matched by sex. The prevalence of the following factors in both groups was ascertained by interview: ethnic origin, place of birth, housing tenure, any systemic diseases, current and lifetime consumption of medication, severe dehydrational episodes, menstrual and obstetric history, onset and severity of menopause and use of exogenous oestrogens (in women only), osteoporosis, vegetarianism, use of vitamin supplementation, and smoking and alcohol consumption. Height and weight were measured for all participants. RESULTS: Cases of IFTMH macular holes were predominantly women (67%) and aged 65 years and older (74%). We found very few systemic risk factors that were significantly associated with IFTMH. There was a higher prevalence of diabetes in controls (12% vs 5%). There was no association between the majority of indicators of oestrogen exposure in women and macular holes, but cases had a more difficult menopause as judged by the severity of hot flushes at menopause: odds ratio 2.6 (1.4-4.6). CONCLUSIONS: In common with other studies, we found only a few systemic factors associated with IFTMH. The study did confirm, however, that IFTMH is a strongly gender-related disease. There is some evidence for the role of sudden changes in hormonal balance, as seen by the increased reporting of severity of symptoms around the menopause along with (statistically non-significant) increased risks associated with hysterectomy and oophorectomy. The particular aetiological factor which puts women at increased risk of macular holes requires further studies. FAU - Evans, J R
Role of fish oil in human health and possible mechanism to reduce the inflammation.; The roles of Omega-3 FAs are inflammation antagonists, while Omega-6 FAs are precursors for inflammation. The plant form of Omega-3 FAs is the short-chain α-linolenic acid, and the marine forms are the long-chain fatty acids: docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid. Omega-3 FAs have unlimited usages, and they are considered as omnipotent since they may benefit heart health, improve brain function, reduce cancer risks and improve people's moods. Omega-3 FAs also have several important biological effects on a range of cellular functions that may decrease the onset of heart diseases and reduce mortality among patients with coronary heart disease, possibly by stabilizing the heart's rhythm and by reducing blood clotting. Some review studies have described the beneficial roles of Omega-3 FAs in cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), cancer, diabetes, and other conditions, including inflammation. Studies of the effect of Omega-3 FAs gathered from studies in diseased and healthy population. CVDs including atherosclerosis, coronary heart diseases, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome were the major fields of investigation. In studies of obesity, as the central obesity increased, the level of adipocyte synthesis of pro-inflammatory cytokines like tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) were increased and the level of anti-inflammatory adiponectin was decreased indicating a state of inflammation. The level of C reactive protein (CRP) synthesized from hepatocyte is increased by the influence of IL-6. CRP can be considered as a marker of systemic inflammation associated with increased risks of CVDs. In molecular studies, Omega-3 FAs have direct effects on reducing the inflammatory state by reducing IL-6, TNF-α, CRP and many other factors. While the appropriate dosage along with the administrative duration is not known, the scientific evidence-based recommendations for daily intake are not modified. FAU - Ellulu, Mohammed S
Frequency of Food Consumption and Self-reported Diabetes among Adult Men and Women in India: A Large Scale Nationally Representative Cross-sectional Study.; BACKGROUND: Recent studies have shown that the choice of foods and frequency of intake plays a role in diabetes prevention. We examined the association between frequency of consumption of specific food items and the occurrence of diabetes in adult Indian population. METHODS: Cross sectional data of 99,574 women and 61,361 men aged 20-49 years who participated in India's third National Family Health Survey conducted during 2005-06 was used for this study. Association between frequency of food intake such as daily, weekly, occasionally and never, and prevalence of diabetes were estimated using multivariable logistic regression models after adjusting for body mass index, tobacco smoking, alcohol drinking, television watching and socio-economic and demographic characteristics, stratified by sex. RESULTS: In men, weekly (OR:0.64; 95%CI:0.47-0.88) and occasional (OR:0.60; 95%CI:0.44-0.81) consumption of milk/curd, weekly (OR:0.48; 95%CI:0.27-0.87) and occasional (OR:0.52; 95%CI:0.28-0.99) consumption of pulses/beans and consumption of fruits (OR ranges from 0.33 to 0.39) was associated with a significantly lower likelihood of diabetes whereas daily (OR:0.55; 95%CI:0.34-0.88) or weekly (OR:0.56; 95%CI:0.35-0.90) pulses/beans consumption and fruits intake (OR ranges from 0.36 to 0.46) was associated with a lower likelihood of diabetes in women. CONCLUSION: This study has confirmed findings from high income countries that diabetes among adult Indians, which is large and increasing, might be contained by regular consumption of vegetarian foods including pulses, beans, fruits and dairy products. However, this is an observational finding and uncontrolled confounding cannot be excluded as an explanation for the association. More epidemiological research with better measures of food intake and clinical measures of diabetes is needed in a developing country setting to validate the findings. FAU - Agrawal, Sutapa
Ethnic and diet-related differences in the healthy infant microbiome.; BACKGROUND: The infant gut is rapidly colonized by microorganisms soon after birth, and the composition of the microbiota is dynamic in the first year of life. Although a stable microbiome may not be established until 1 to 3 years after birth, the infant gut microbiota appears to be an important predictor of health outcomes in later life. METHODS: We obtained stool at one year of age from 173 white Caucasian and 182 South Asian infants from two Canadian birth cohorts to gain insight into how maternal and early infancy exposures influence the development of the gut microbiota. We investigated whether the infant gut microbiota differed by ethnicity (referring to groups of people who have certain racial, cultural, religious, or other traits in common) and by breastfeeding status, while accounting for variations in maternal and infant exposures (such as maternal antibiotic use, gestational diabetes, vegetarianism, infant milk diet, time of introduction of solid food, infant birth weight, and weight gain in the first year). RESULTS: We demonstrate that ethnicity and infant feeding practices independently influence the infant gut microbiome at 1 year, and that ethnic differences can be mapped to alpha diversity as well as a higher abundance of lactic acid bacteria in South Asians and a higher abundance of genera within the order Clostridiales in white Caucasians. CONCLUSIONS: The infant gut microbiome is influenced by ethnicity and breastfeeding in the first year of life. Ethnic differences in the gut microbiome may reflect maternal/infant dietary differences and whether these differences are associated with future cardiometabolic outcomes can only be determined after prospective follow-up. FAU - Stearns, Jennifer C
Nutrition for healthy term infants.; Nutrition for Healthy Term Infants is the new national statement on nutrition for infants from birth to 24 months, developed collaboratively by the Canadian Paediatric Society, Dietitians of Canada and Health Canada.The document summarizes the existing scientific literature on infant nutrition and presents principles and recommendations to help health care professionals promote optimal, evidence-based nutritional care for infants in Canada. Collaboration between the three key organizations involved in infant nutrition has produced unified messages for health professionals to deliver to the public.FOR THE FIRST YEAR OF LIFE FOUR MAJOR TOPICS ARE DISCUSSED: Breastfeeding, Alternate Milks, Other Fluids in Infant Feeding and Transition to Solid Foods. Safety Issues Around Feeding is presented next, followed by Nutrition in the Second Year of Life. The final section covers Other Issues in Infant Nutrition, and includes topics such as food allergies, colic, constipation, dietary fat, dental caries, gastroenteritis, diabetes, iron deficiency anemia and vegetarian diets. An extensive reference list of more than 200 citations is provided.The Summary of Principles and Recommendations will be published in the official journals of the Canadian Paediatric Society (Paediatrics & Child Health, March/April 1998) and Dietitians of Canada (Canadian Journal of Dietetic Practice and Research, June 1998). The complete document can be downloaded from all three of the collaborating organizations' web sites or a hard copy of the Statement, in either official language, can be obtained from the Canadian Paediatric Society, Dietitians of Canada or Health Canada.Nutrition for Healthy Term Infants offers multidisciplinary health professionals the most current scientific tool for advising parents and positively influencing the nutritional environment provided to infants in Canada.
Analysis of Factors Associated with Thyroid Dysfunction: A Hospital Based Study.; Background Thyroid dysfunction (TD) is one of the major public health concerns in Nepal. This study intends to identify factors in association with thyroid dysfunction and its hospital based prevalence. Objective To determine hospital-based prevalence of thyroid dysfunction and to identify and analyze factors in association with thyroid dysfunction. Method A retroprospective cross-sectional study was conducted among patients attending Dhulikhel Hospital-Kathmandu University Hospital (DH,KUH) from January to December, 2015 with prospective part carried out from July to December 2015 in the patients visiting Dhulikhel hospital for health check-up and requested for Thyroid Function Tests (TFTs). Thyroid Function Tests of 1530 subjects were performed in the biochemistry laboratory and semi-structured questionnaire were introduced to 312 participants with convenient sampling method and their anthropometric measurements were taken. Chi-square test, Pearson's correlation and student-t test were used as a measure to analyze factors. Result Out of total 1530 subjects, 35.3% were having thyroid dysfunction with the prevalence of overt hyperthyroidism, subclinical hyperthyroidism, overt hypothyroidism and subclinical hypothyroidism to be 2.5%, 2.4%, 5.6% and 24.8% respectively. The distribution of thyroid dysfunction was preponderant among females and among older age. The prevalence of thyroid dysfunction was highest among Terai/Madhesi (40.0%) and lowest among Newars (28.5%) with higher fraction of hypothyroidism in each ethnic group. There were significant correlation between Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) with waist-hip ratio (p<0.05) and weight (kg) with free thyroxine (fT4) (p<0.05). Direct pesticide exposure (p<0.05) was significantly associated with hypothyroidism. The serum fT4 was significantly different (p<0.05) among vegetarian and non-vegetarian whereas TSH and free triiodothyronine (fT3) were not significantly different. Smoking, alcoholism, dietary food habits, diabetes and hypertension were not significantly associated with thyroid dysfunction. Conclusion Thyroid dysfunction was highly prevalent among participants with higher proportion of subclinical hypothyroidism. Besides, direct pesticide exposure found to be factor in association with hypothyroidism, this study could not find significance relation with other established risk factors. FAU - Risal, P
Traditional medicines used by Pakistani migrants from Mirpur living in Bradford, Northern England.; BACKGROUND: Despite the increasing relevance of trans-cultural healthcare issues in public health policies, knowledge is still very restricted about migrant communities' perceptions and use of traditional medicines (TMs) within multicultural societies in Western countries. In this field study, an in-depth study was carried out of the herbal drugs still in use among Pakistani migrants from Mirpur living in Bradford, in the north of England. OBJECTIVES: To record TMs known and still used among Pakistani migrants from Mirpur presently living in Bradford; to assess the degree of overlapping between food and medicine in the provision of healthcare within domestic arenas among this community; to analyse how knowledge of TMs is changing among different generations and among the different waves of migrants who have moved from Pakistan to Bradford in the last few decades. METHODS: Semi-structured and focus-groups interviews with 37 members of the community, as well as other standard techniques of the ethnobiological investigations: free-listing, participant observation, and the collection and identification of the relevant plant material. RESULTS: TMs are still very popular amongst Pakistani migrants in Bradford, and are regularly delivered in domestic arenas. Two-thirds of the interviewees declared that they prefer TM treatments to conventional Western medicine. Fifty-six different remedies, mainly plant-based, are still used nowadays, and more than half of the recorded remedies represent food-medicines. However, knowledge of Mirpuri TMs is decreasing amongst the younger generations, and the level of knowledge of TMs seems to be dependent on the length of time since the migration from Pakistan took place. CONCLUSION: Public health policies and strategies aimed at improving migrants' health should take into account the perception and acceptance of plant-based TMs within domestic arenas among Pakistani migrants, and especially their use against diabetes. Concerns about eventual toxicity and side effects of traditional herbal drugs, as well as their interaction with pharmaceuticals, should be carefully considered, since a few of the herbal drugs quoted in this survey are little known in Western herbalism and in modern evidence-based phytotherapy. FAU - Pieroni, Andrea
Physicochemical properties of dietary phytochemicals can predict their passive absorption in the human small intestine.; A diet high in phytochemical-rich plant foods is associated with reducing the risk of chronic diseases such as cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases, obesity, diabetes and cancer. Oxidative stress and inflammation (OSI) is the common component underlying these chronic diseases. Whilst the positive health effects of phytochemicals and their metabolites have been demonstrated to regulate OSI, the timing and absorption for best effect is not well understood. We developed a model to predict the time to achieve maximal plasma concentration (T(max)) of phytochemicals in fruits and vegetables. We used a training dataset containing 67 dietary phytochemicals from 31 clinical studies to develop the model and validated the model using three independent datasets comprising a total of 108 dietary phytochemicals and 98 pharmaceutical compounds. The developed model based on dietary intake forms and the physicochemical properties lipophilicity and molecular mass accurately predicts T(max) of dietary phytochemicals and pharmaceutical compounds over a broad range of chemical classes. This is the first direct model to predict T(max) of dietary phytochemicals in the human body. The model informs the clinical dosing frequency for optimising uptake and sustained presence of dietary phytochemicals in circulation, to maximise their bio-efficacy for positively affect human health and managing OSI in chronic diseases. FAU - Selby-Pham, Sophie N B
Cocoa, chocolate, and cardiovascular disease.; A significant body of evidence demonstrates that diets rich in fruits and vegetables promote health and attenuate, or delay, the onset of various diseases, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, certain cancers, and several other age-related degenerative disorders. The concept that moderate chocolate consumption could be part of a healthy diet has gained acceptance in past years based on the health benefits ascribed to selected cocoa components. Specifically, cocoa as a plant and chocolate as food contain a series of chemicals that can interact with cell and tissue components, providing protection against the development and amelioration of pathological conditions. The most relevant effects of cocoa and chocolate have been related to cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms behind these effects are still under investigation. However, the maintenance or restoration of vascular NO production and bioavailability and the antioxidant effects are the mechanisms most consistently supported by experimental data. This review will summarize the most recent research on the cardiovascular effects of cocoa flavanols and related compounds. FAU - Galleano, Monica
Effect of various food processing and handling methods on preservation of natural antioxidants in fruits and vegetables.; Bioactive compounds from plant sources are generally categorized as natural antioxidants with well-known health benefits. The health-promoting characteristics of natural antioxidants include anti-inflammatory, anti-diabetic, and hepatic effects as well as free radical scavenging. Herein, a comprehensive and comparative review are presented about the effects of conventional (thermal and mechanical) and relatively new (non-thermal) processing methods on phytochemicals and discussed the importance of implementing the use of those methods that could be of very helpful retaining the quality of the bioactive compounds in plant-based foods. Plant-based foods rich in phenolics, vitamin C, carotenoids, and other compounds undergo a range of processing operations before they are consumed. Most of these methods involve thermal treatments of fruits, stems, leaves, and roots. These techniques have varying effects on bioactive compounds and their activities, and the magnitude of these effects depends on process parameters such as temperature, time, and the food matrix. Thermal processing can be detrimental to bioactive compounds while nonthermal procedures may not cause significant deterioration of important health-promoting phytochemicals and in some cases can improve their bio-activity and bio-availability. The detrimental effects of conventional processing on the quality of natural antioxidants have been compared to the effects of innovative nonthermal food treatments such as gamma and ultraviolet irradiation, ultraviolet light, pulsed electric fields, and high hydrostatic pressure. FAU - Al-Juhaimi, Fahad
Effect of risk factor values on lifetime risk of and age at first coronary event. The Adventist Health Study.; The effect of traditional coronary heart disease risk factors on lifetime risk, age at onset, and survival free of coronary disease has not been extensively studied. The authors have used the cohort data from 27,321 California Seventh-day Adventists who had no known heart disease in 1976 to investigate these questions. Multiple decrement life tables incorporating non-parametric estimates of conditional probabilities for both coronary disease and all other competing endpoints were used to estimate these survival outcomes. Variance estimators are provided in an appendix. Persons characterized by being either past smokers, diabetic, hypertensive, physically, non-vegetarian, or infrequent consumers of nuts often showed substantial differences in these survival outcomes. Statistically significant results include earlier age at onset of coronary disease at between 4 and 10 years, reduced life expectancy free of the disease between 5 and 9 years, and increased lifetime risk between 8% and 16%, when comparing groups with and without adverse values for different risk factors. The presence of adverse levels of two risk factors predicted even greater differences in these endpoints. These important effects are easily understood by the layman or non-epidemiologist professional, which is often not true of a relative risk. This should increase the effectiveness of such results when promoting behavioral change. FAU - Fraser, G E
The Lifestyle Medicine Physician's Case to Self-Insured Employers: A Business Model for Physicians, a Bargain for Companies.; A majority of Americans have health care insurance through their employers, the cost for which is rising at an alarming rate. Unfortunately, higher expenditure on insurance has not translated into healthier employees. In this article, we present a value-based design plan for self-funded employers, administered by lifestyle medicine board-certified providers, which is purported to save money for employers and yet may demonstrate better health outcomes for employees by engaging them in evidence-based lifestyle interventions such as plant-based nutrition, regular physical activity and minimizing sedentary behaviors, sleeping well, tobacco cessation, and so on. FAU - Gulati, Mahima
A review on plant-based rutin extraction methods and its pharmacological activities.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Rutin is a common dietary flavonoid that is widely consumed from plant-derived beverages and foods as traditional and folkloric medicine worldwide. Rutin is believed to exhibit significant pharmacological activities, including anti-oxidation, anti-inflammation, anti-diabetic, anti-adipogenic, neuroprotective and hormone therapy. Till date, over 130 registered therapeutic medicinal preparations are containing rutin in their formulations. This article aims to critically review the extraction methods for plant-based rutin and its pharmacological activities. This review provides comprehensive data on the performance of rutin extraction methods and the extent of its pharmacological activities using various in vitro and in vivo experimental models. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Literatures including journals, patents, books and leaflets reporting on rutin from natural resources are systematically reviewed, particularly in the aspect of its extraction methods and biological activities. Factors affecting the efficiency of rutin extraction such as extraction temperature, duration and solvent to sample ratio are presented based on the findings of previous studies. The observed biological activities followed by clear explanation are also provided accordingly. RESULTS: The biological activities of rutin varied largely dependent on the geographical and plant origins. The complexity of natural rutin has impeded the development of rutin derived drugs. The detail mechanism of rutin in human body after consumption is still unclear. Therefore, studies are intensively carried out both in vitro and in vivo for the better understanding of the underlying mechanism. The studies are not limited to the pharmacological properties, but also on the extraction methods of rutin. Many studies have focused on the optimization of extraction method to increase the extraction yield of rutin. Currently, the performances of modern extraction approaches have also been compared to the conventional heat reflux method as a benchmark. CONCLUSION: There are various extraction methods for plant-based rutin ranging from conventional method up to the use of modern techniques such as ultrasound, mechanochemical, microwave, infrared and pressurized assisted methods. However, proper comparison between the methods is very difficult because of the variance in plant origin and extraction conditions. It is important to optimize the extraction method in order to produce high yield and acceptable purity of rutin with a reasonable cost. Even though rutin has been proven to be effective in numerous pharmacological activities, the dosage and toxicity of rutin for such activities are still unknown. Future research should relate the dosage and toxicity of rutin for the ethnobotanical claims based on the underlying mechanisms.
Lifestyle Changes: Effect of Diet, Exercise, Functional Food, and Obesity Treatment on Lipids and Lipoproteins. BTI - Endotext; The role of lipids and lipoproteins as risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well established. Although CVD remains as the leading cause of mortality in adults, there is a decreasing trend in overall CVD mortality rate over the last two to three decades. This reduction in CVD mortality is largely driven by decreases in coronary heart disease mortality rate. Lifestyle changes remain the cornerstone of management of lipid and lipoprotein disorders and obesity, and are warranted in primary as well as secondary prevention settings. Lifestyle changes recommended for those with high cholesterol levels include adopting a diet low in saturated and trans fatty acids, incorporating functional foods rich in bioactive substances such as fiber, antioxidants, plant sterols and stanols, exercising regularly, and maintaining a healthy weight. Based on a large body of evidence, current dietary guidelines uniformly recommend reducing intakes of saturated and trans fatty acids with replacement by increasing intake of mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids. Precision medicine options such as personal preferences regarding food choices and long-term dietary strategies are needed to improve the overall lipid profile. Given the complexity of the individual lifestyle choices, it is not surprising that a substantial heterogeneity regarding outcomes has been observed across studies, underscoring the challenge of accurately assessing effects of lifestyle changes, including diet- or physical activity-based interventions, on the lipid profile and cardiovascular risk. Many factors likely contribute to the variability in observations, including presence of substantial heterogeneity in study settings and designs, publication biases, issues related to self-reported measures of dietary intakes as well as adherence measurements to study diet. Further, there are a limited number of studies focused on certain types of diet or dietary composition including functional foods or exercise modality. Thus, while existing data offers some insights into fruitful interventions, there is a need to undertake well-designed, controlled, adequately powered, large-scale studies to bring more insights into the role of individual components of lifestyle changes in modifying cardiovascular risk factors and mortality. For complete coverage of all areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Effects of a food-based intervention on markers of micronutrient status among Indian women of low socio-economic status.; Intakes of micronutrient-rich foods are low among Indian women of reproductive age. We investigated whether consumption of a food-based micronutrient-rich snack increased markers of blood micronutrient concentrations when compared with a control snack. Non-pregnant women (n 222) aged 14-35 years living in a Mumbai slum were randomised to receive a treatment snack (containing green leafy vegetables, dried fruit and whole milk powder), or a control snack containing foods of low micronutrient content such as wheat flour, potato and tapioca. The snacks were consumed under observation 6 d per week for 12 weeks, compliance was recorded, and blood was collected at 0 and 12 weeks. Food-frequency data were collected at both time points. Compliance (defined as the proportion of women who consumed ≥ 3 snacks/week) was >85 % in both groups. We assessed the effects of group allocation on 12-week nutrient concentrations using ANCOVA models with respective 0-week concentrations, BMI, compliance, standard of living, fruit and green leafy vegetable consumption and use of synthetic nutrients as covariates. The treatment snack significantly increased β-carotene concentrations (treatment effect: 47·1 nmol/l, 95 % CI 6·5, 87·7). There was no effect of group allocation on concentrations of ferritin, retinol, ascorbate, folate or vitamin B12. The present study shows that locally sourced foods can be made into acceptable snacks that may increase serum β-carotene concentrations among women of reproductive age. However, no increase in circulating concentrations of the other nutrients measured was observed. FAU - Kehoe, Sarah H
Secondary metabolite credentials of Evolvulus alsinoides by high performance thin layer chromatography (HPTLC).; Plants and plant-based products are the bases of many modern pharmaceuticals that are current in use today for various diseases. The aim of the study was to investigate the biochemical constituents and high performance thin layer chromatography (HPTLC) finger printing of the ethanolic extract of Evolvulus alsinoides. Phytochemical screening was done by standard procedures and HPTLC method was also established to analyze alkaloids, flavonoids and phenolic compounds from the ethanolic extract of Evolvulus alsinoides. Preliminary phytochemical screening showed that ethanol extracted more secondary metabolites than other solvents. HPTLC fingerprinting analysis showed the presence of various alkaloids, flavonoids and phenols (quercetin) in the ethanolic extract. It can be concluded that Evolvulus alsinoides may serve as a source of potent antioxidants that may be used in the prevention of various diseases such as cancer, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases due to the presence of phenolic compounds. HPTLC finger print of Evolvulus alsinoides may be useful in the differentiation of the species from adulterants and act as a biochemical marker for this medicinally important plant in the pharmaceutical industry and plant systematic studies. FAU - Gomathi, Duraisamy
Pharmacological characterization of liquiritigenin, a chiral flavonoid in licorice.; Liquiritigenin is a chiral flavonoid present in plant based food, nutraceuticals, and traditional medicines. It is also an important ingredient present in licorice. The purpose of this study is to explore the pharmacological activity of racemic liquiritigenin utilizing several in vitro assays with relevant roles in colon cancer and diabetes. Where possible, the pure enantiomers were tested to identify the stereospecific contribution to the activity. In vitro antioxidant, anticancer, anti-inflammatory activities (cyclooxygenase inhibition), antidiabetic activities (alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase inhibition) as well as cytochrome P450 (CYP450) inhibitory activities were assessed. Racemic liquiritigenin demonstrated a dose-dependent inhibition of alpha-amylase enzyme whereas its pure enantiomers did not. Racemic liquiritigenin showed moderate antiproliferative activity on a HT-29 (human colorectal adenocarcinoma) cancer cell line that was dose-dependent and potent inhibitory effects on the cyclooxygenase-2 enzyme. The flavonoid did not inhibit the activity of cytochrome CYP2D6 over the concentration range studied but was a potent antioxidant. The current study demonstrated the importance of understanding the stereospecific pharmacological effects of liquiritigenin enantiomers in alpha-amylase inhibition. FAU - Alrushaid, Samaa
Alstonine as an antipsychotic: effects on brain amines and metabolic changes.; Managing schizophrenia has never been a trivial matter. Furthermore, while classical antipsychotics induce extrapyramidal side effects and hyperprolactinaemia, atypical antipsychotics lead to diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, and weight gain. Moreover, even with newer drugs, a sizable proportion of patients do not show significant improvement. Alstonine is an indole alkaloid identified as the major component of a plant-based remedy used in Nigeria to treat the mentally ill. Alstonine presents a clear antipsychotic profile in rodents, apparently with differential effects in distinct dopaminergic pathways. The aim of this study was to complement the antipsychotic profile of alstonine, verifying its effects on brain amines in mouse frontal cortex and striatum. Additionally, we examined if alstonine induces some hormonal and metabolic changes common to antipsychotics. HPLC data reveal that alstonine increases serotonergic transmission and increases intraneuronal dopamine catabolism. In relation to possible side effects, preliminary data suggest that alstonine does not affect prolactin levels, does not induce gains in body weight, but prevents the expected fasting-induced decrease in glucose levels. Overall, this study reinforces the proposal that alstonine is a potential innovative antipsychotic, and that a comprehensive understanding of its neurochemical basis may open new avenues to developing newer antipsychotic medications. FAU - Linck, Viviane M
Expression of cholera toxin B subunit and the B chain of human insulin as a fusion protein in transgenic tobacco plants.; A DNA construct containing the cholera toxin B subunit (CTB) gene genetically fused to a nucleotide sequence encoding three copies of tandemly repeated diabetes-associated autoantigen, the B chain of human insulin, was produced and transferred into low-nicotine tobaccos by Agrobacterium. Integration of the fusion gene into the plant genome was confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The results of immunoblot analysis verified the synthesis and assembly of the fusion protein into pentamers in transgenic tobacco. GM1-ELISA showed that the plant-derived fusion protein retained GM1-ganglioside receptor binding specificity. The fusion protein accounted for 0.11% of the total leaf protein. The production of transgenic plants expressing CTB-InsB3 offers a new opportunity to test plant-based oral antigen therapy against autoimmune diabetes by inducing oral tolerance. FAU - Li, Dora
Shiftwork and higher pancreatic secretion: early detection of an intermediate state of insulin resistance?; Previous studies have suggested that shiftwork can affect the prevalence of metabolic syndrome. This is thought to be related to disturbance of lipid parameters rather than their effects on glucose metabolism. Several complex mechanisms are suspected to be involved and notably insulin resistance, though the available data are limited. The objective of the present study was to provide further evidence for the effects of shiftwork on glucose and lipid metabolism with a specific focus on insulin resistance. A cross-sectional study has recruited 97 shiftworkers (SWs) (three shifts, 8 h) and 95 strictly day workers (DWs) from the same plant for 2001-2002. Several indices of insulin sensitivity or resistance were calculated, based on formulas of the homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), the Revised-Quicki, McAuley and Disse indices. The HOMA-β-cell index was used as a reflection of pancreatic secretion. Characteristics of the occupation, habitual diet and lifestyles were recorded. Logistic regression analysis in which pancreatic function or insulin sensitivity was the dependent variable was used to compare alternative models. RESULTS: SWs were characterized as having significantly higher triglycerides and free fatty acids and normal but lower blood glucose. The risk of a high β-cell activity was increased almost three-fold in SWs. By adjusting for many confounding factors, SWs had significantly lower insulin sensitivity according to several indices, whereas HOMA-IR was not meaningfully different between shift and DWs. Lower insulin sensitivity and a compensatory pancreas response to maintain a normal glucose tolerance may suggest an intermediate state before development of frank insulin resistance in SWs. Early detection of these moderate alterations of the insulin/glucose balance could be important in the prevention of diabetes. FAU - Esquirol, Yolande
Comparing self-reported disease outcomes, diet, and lifestyles in a national cohort of black and white Seventh-day Adventists.; INTRODUCTION: Few epidemiologic cohort studies on the etiology of chronic disease are powerful enough to distinguish racial and ethnic determinants from socioeconomic determinants of health behaviors and observed disease patterns. The Adventist Health Study-2 (AHS-2), with its large number of respondents and the variation in lifestyles of its target populations, promises to shed light on these issues. This paper focuses on some preliminary baseline analyses of responses from the first group of participants recruited for AHS-2. METHODS: We administered a validated and pilot-tested questionnaire on various lifestyle practices and health outcomes to 56,754 respondents to AHS-2, comprising 14,376 non-Hispanic blacks and 42,378 non-Hispanic whites. We analyzed cross-sectional baseline data adjusted for age and sex and performed logistic regressions to test differences between responses from the two racial groups. RESULTS: In this Seventh-day Adventist (Adventist) cohort, blacks were less likely than whites to be lifelong vegetarians and more likely to be overweight or obese. Exercise levels were lower for blacks than for whites, but blacks were as likely as whites not to currently smoke or drink. Blacks reported higher rates of hypertension and diabetes than did whites but lower rates of high serum cholesterol, myocardial infarction, emphysema, and all cancers. After we eliminated skin cancer from the analysis, the age-adjusted prevalence of cancer remained significantly lower for black than for white women. The prevalence of prostate cancer was 47% higher for black men than for white men. CONCLUSION: The profile of health habits for black Adventists is better than that for blacks nationally. Given the intractable nature of many other contributors to health disparities, including racism, housing segregation, employment discrimination, limited educational opportunity, and poorer health care, the relative advantage for blacks of the Adventist lifestyle may hold promise for helping to close the gap in health status between blacks and whites nationally. FAU - Montgomery, Susanne
Cyclocarya paliurus prevents high fat diet induced hyperlipidemia and obesity in Sprague-Dawley rats.; Cyclocarya paliurus (CP; qing qian liu), which is used as an herbal tea in China, has been confirmed to have therapeutic effects on hyperlipidemia and obesity, and therefore it is widely consumed to prevent metabolic diseases such as hyperlipidemia and diabetes. In this study, we investigated the preventive effects of CP on obesity and hyperlipidemia, as well as the underlying mechanisms involved in intestinal secretion of apolipoprotein (apo) B48. Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a high-fat diet (HFD) and with or without various concentrations of an ethanol extract of CP (CPE; 2, 4, or 8 g·(kg body mass)(-1)) administered by gavage for 8 weeks. From the results we see that CPE dose-dependently blocked increases in body mass, and decreased food utilization as well as visceral fat mass. Decreased serum levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, and low density lipoprotein cholesterol, and elevated levels of high density lipoprotein cholesterol, as well as lowered levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides in the liver were also noticed in CPE-treated rats. Magnetic resonance images indicated that the abnormal fat storage induced by the HFD was obviously suppressed by CPE. In addition, ELISA analysis showed reduced fasting serum apoB48 in the CPE treatment groups. Based on the above results, CPE shows a promising preventive effect on obesity and hyperlipidemia, partially through suppressing intestinal apoB48 overproduction. FAU - Yao, Xiaoming
Genes and Gut Bacteria Involved in Luminal Butyrate Reduction Caused by Diet and Loperamide. LID - 10.3390/genes8120350 [doi] LID - 350; Unbalanced dietary habits and gut dysmotility are causative factors in metabolic and functional gut disorders, including obesity, diabetes, and constipation. Reduction in luminal butyrate synthesis is known to be associated with gut dysbioses, and studies have suggested that restoring butyrate formation in the colon may improve gut health. In contrast, shifts in different types of gut microbiota may inhibit luminal butyrate synthesis, requiring different treatments to restore colonic bacterial butyrate synthesis. We investigated the influence of high-fat diets (HFD) and low-fiber diets (LFD), and loperamide (LPM) administration, on key bacteria and genes involved in reduction of butyrate synthesis in mice. MiSeq-based microbiota analysis and HiSeq-based differential gene analysis indicated that different types of bacteria and genes were involved in butyrate metabolism in each treatment. Dietary modulation depleted butyrate kinase and phosphate butyryl transferase by decreasing members of the Bacteroidales and Parabacteroides. The HFD also depleted genes involved in succinate synthesis by decreasing Lactobacillus. The LFD and LPM treatments depleted genes involved in crotonoyl-CoA synthesis by decreasing Roseburia and Oscilllibacter. Taken together, our results suggest that different types of bacteria and genes were involved in gut dysbiosis, and that selected treatments may be needed depending on the cause of gut dysfunction. FAU - Hwang, Nakwon
In vitro macrophage activation: A technique for screening anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and anticancer activity of phytomolecules.; Macrophage activation plays a significant role in homeostasis of organisms. Various internal and external stress factors may affect their function, leading to adverse effects on the body. ‘In vitro macrophage activation techniques provide us with a window to understand the mechanisms of inflammation and response of macrophages to the modulating interventions. Apart from infectious diseases, inflammation is also the major culprit in pathogenesis of many noncommunicable diseases such as arthritis, obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, cancer, cardiovascular disease etc. In vitro macrophage activation allows us to study the role of polarized macrophages in the process of pathogenesis. This emerging technique leads to newer diagnostics, understanding pathophysiological mechanism/s, drug development and management of chronic inflammatory diseases. We, at MRC-KHS, use this technique for screening of medicinal plant-derived phytomolecules for their anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and anticancer activities. This review briefly outlines the different experimental models of in vitro macrophage activation and their applications for understanding the pathophysiological mechanisms of underlying chronic inflammation and screening of therapeutic activity of plant-based phytomolecules. FAU - Paradkar, P H
Targeting MicroRNA in Cancer Using Plant-Based Proanthocyanidins. LID - 10.3390/diseases4020021 [doi] LID - 21; Proanthocyanidins are oligomeric flavonoids found in plant sources, most notably in apples, cinnamon, grape skin and cocoa beans. They have been also found in substantial amounts in cranberry, black currant, green tea, black tea and peanut skins. These compounds have been recently investigated for their health benefits. Proanthocyanidins have been demonstrated to have positive effects on various metabolic disorders such as inflammation, obesity, diabetes and insulin resistance. Another upcoming area of research that has gained widespread interest is microRNA (miRNA)-based anticancer therapies. MicroRNAs are short non-coding RNA segments, which plays a crucial role in RNA silencing and post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression. Currently, miRNA based anticancer therapies are being investigated either alone or in combination with current treatment methods. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge and investigate the potential of naturally occurring proanthocyanidins in modulating miRNA expression. We will also assess the strategies and challenges of using this approach as potential cancer therapeutics. FAU - Bansode, Rishipal R
How Well Do U.S. Hispanics Adhere to the Dietary Guidelines for Americans? Results from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.; Purpose: To examine alignment between 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) and dietary choices of individuals in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL) between 2008 and 2011. Methods: Data are from 15,633 adults 18-74 years from the population-based cohort in HCHS/SOL. The Healthy Eating Index (HEI) 2010 was used to measure diet quality. Means and standard errors (SEs) for the HEI total and each of the 12 component scores were calculated overall and by Hispanic/Latino heritage, sex, age group, and measures of acculturation. Linear regression was used to examine correlates of the HEI 2010 total score. All analyses accounted for complex survey design. Results: The overall HEI mean of 63.8 (SE: 0.4) varied across groups from a high (healthier diet) of 71 (SE: 0.9) among Mexicans to a low of 56 (SE: 0.1) among Puerto Ricans. The proportion with a maximum score for the HEI components varied across heritage groups; >25% of adults adhered to recommendations for total proteins, and seafood and plant proteins, whole fruits, and greens and beans, with the exception of Cubans and Puerto Ricans, who had lower adherence scores for the latter two. The components with the lowest adherence were sodium (<2%) and fatty acids (overall 7.4%) among all heritage groups. Characteristics associated with better adherence included sociodemographic variables, Spanish language preference, weight status, medical conditions, and lifestyle behaviors. Conclusions: Individuals with Mexican, Dominican, and Central American heritage had better overall dietary quality compared to other groups. However, all can improve their eating habits to align more with the DGAs by reducing sodium consumption and improving fatty acid ratios. FAU - Siega-Riz, Anna Maria
Protein bioavailability of Wolffia globosa duckweed, a novel aquatic plant - A randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: While the world is extensively looking for alternatives to animal protein sources, it is not clear which plant sources can provide the requisite full complement of essential amino acids (EAAs). Wolffia globosa is an aquatic, edible duckweed, the smallest plant on earth, and it offers all nine EAAs, dietary fibers, polyphenols, iron, zinc and B(12) vitamin. This work was designed to evaluate Mankai (a newly developed high-protein strain of W. globosa) as an optional bioavailable source of EAAs for humans (primary outcome), and of further nutrients such as vitamin B(12), in comparison to well-established animal and plant protein sources; cheese and peas, respectively. METHODS: 36 men, subjected for 3 days to a stable diet and subsequent overnight (12 h) fast, were randomized to consume one of three iso-protein (30 g) based test-meals (soft cheese, green peas, Mankai). Blood samples were collected at 0, 30, 90 and 180 min. RESULTS: The 3 h blood concentrations of the EAAs: histidine, phenylalanine, threonine, lysine, and tryptophan, triggered by intake of Mankai, was essentially significant as compared to baseline (p < 0.05) and similar to that of soft cheese and pea changes (p > 0.05 between groups). Although branched-chain-amino-acids (leucine/isoleucine, valine) increased significantly by Mankai within 3 h (p < 0.05 vs. baseline), the change was relatively higher for cheese as compared to Mankai or peas (p < 0.05 between groups). The increase in vitamin B(12) by Mankai was higher as compared to changes induced by either cheese (p=0.007) or peas (p=0.047, between groups). CONCLUSIONS: Mankai may provide a high-quality substitute source for animal protein, and a potential bioavailable source of vitamin B(12).
Total polyphenols and antioxidant activity in different species of apples grown in Georgia.; Many studies have shown that biologically active components in plant-based foods, particularly phytochemicals, have important potential to modulate many processes in the development of diseases, including cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, pulmonary disorders, Alzheimer's disease, and other degenerative diseases. The aim of the our study was to provide an updated understanding and analysis of various apple sorts growing in Georgia by the compounds with a particular focus on their potential role(s) in disease risk and general human health. The Various sorts (Kekhura, Banany, Golden, Starty, Chempion, Aidaridy, Brotsky, Achabety, Sinapy, Jonagold and Antonovka,) of apples were investigated. The total phenolic content and antioxidant activity were studied in peel and flesh extracts and were measured by slightly modified method of Folin-Denis using Folin-Ciocalteu reagent and - 1,1-diphenyl-2-picrylhydrazyl (DPPH) radical scavenging method in those varieties of apples. Summarizing our data, we can conclude that, in accordance with the benefit to human health, the most prominent varieties of apples - Kekhura. It is rich with phenolic compounds, and also characterized by high scavenging activity. Also has good features Antonovka and Achabety. It should be noted that apple peel more helpful than the flesh, and therefore during consumption peeling of apples is unacceptable in terms of its usefulness. FAU - Gogia, N
Cryopreservation of insulin-secreting INS832/13 cells using a wheat protein formulation.; Diabetes is a global epidemic that affects about 285million people worldwide. For severely-ill patients with type I diabetes, whole pancreas or islet transplantation is the only therapeutic option. Islet transplantation is hindered by the scarce supply of fresh functional islets and limitations in cryopreservation procedures. Thus, improved cryopreservation procedures are needed to increase the availability of functional islets for clinical applications. Towards this goal, this work developed a cryopreservation protocol for pancreatic cells using proteins that accumulate naturally in freezing-tolerant plants. A preincubation of cells with 1% lecithin-1% glycerol-1% N-methylpyrrolidone followed by cryopreservation with partially purified proteins from wheat improved the viability and insulin-secreting properties of INS832/13 cells, compared to cryopreservation with 10% dimethyl sulfoxide (Me2SO). The major factor that enhanced the cryoprotective effect of the wheat protein formulation was preincubation with the lipid lecithin. Expression profiles of genes involved in metabolic and signaling functions of pancreatic cells (Ins, Glut1/2/3, Pdx1, Reg1α) were similar between fresh cells and those cryopreserved with the plant protein formulation. This novel plant-based technology, which is non-toxic and contains no animal material, is a promising alternative to Me2SO for cryopreservation of insulin-secreting pancreatic cells.
Cucurbitane-type compounds from Momordica charantia: Isolation, in vitro antidiabetic, anti-inflammatory activities and in silico modeling approaches.; Momordica charantia L., commonly known as bitter melon, belongs to the Cucurbitaceae family. Various in vitro and in vivo studies have indicated that extracts of bitter melons have anti-diabetic properties. However, very little is known about the specific purified compounds responsible for these antidiabetic properties. In the present study, 3β,7β,25-trihydroxycucurbita-5,23(E)-dien-19-al, charantal, charantoside XI, and 25ξ-isopropenylchole-5, 6-ene-3-O-d-glucopyranoside were isolated from bitter melon fruit. The structures of the purified compounds were elucidated by HR-ESIMS, 1D, and 2D NMR experiments. All compounds exhibited significant inhibition of α-amylase and α-glucosidase comparable to acarbose. Molecular docking studies demonstrated that purified compounds were able to bind to the active sites of proteins. Additionally, the purified compounds showed significant anti-inflammatory activity, downregulating the expression of NF-κB, iNOS, IL-6, IL-1β, TNF-α, and Cox-2 in lipopolysaccharide-activated macrophage RAW 264.7 cells. Our findings suggest that the purified compounds have potential anti-diabetic and anti-inflammatory activities and therefore hold promise for the development of plant-based management for diabetic and inflammatory conditions.
Diet, body size, physical activity, and the risk of endometrial cancer.; Endometrial cancer is associated with increased weight and body size, diabetes, and other conditions that may result from an excess in calories or lack of physical activity. Although a few studies have explored the effect of dietary constituents on the risk of endometrial cancer, the nature of the joint association of these constituents and obesity, energy intake, or energy expenditure with risk is unknown. A population-based case-control study was conducted in Hawaii to examine the association of diet, body size, and physical activity with the risk of endometrial cancer. Subjects included 332 histologically confirmed, primary endometrial cancer cases and 511 controls identified between 1985 and 1993. Cases and controls were residents of Oahu, Hawaii who were between 18 and 84 years of age and were from one of the following ethnic groups: Japanese, Caucasian, Native Hawaiian, Filipino, and Chinese. Cases were identified through the Hawaii Tumor Registry and matched to the controls on age (+/-2.5 years) and ethnicity. In-person interviews, conducted in the subjects' homes, included dietary, reproductive, menstrual, and medical histories and use of exogenous hormones, physical activity, and other lifestyle variables. Weight, girth, and skinfold measurements were taken at the time of the interview. We found a strong dose-response relation of increased body size to the development of endometrial cancer after adjustment for energy intake. The odds ratio (OR) for endometrial cancer among women in the highest quartile of body mass index (BMI; kg/m2) was more than four times that among women in the lowest quartile. Waist, hip, midarm, and wrist girths were positively associated with the estimated risk of endometrial cancer after adjustment for total calories and other nondietary risk factors, although the trends in the ORs were attenuated after adjustment for BMI. Physically active women had a modest reduction in their risk of disease compared with inactive women. Cases consumed a greater percentage of their calories from fat and a lower percentage of their calories from carbohydrates than did controls. Adjustment for BMI reduced the ORs for the highest compared with the lowest quartile of fat calorie intake from 2.0 (95% confidence interval, 1.3-3.2) to 1.6 (95% confidence interval, 1.0-2.6), suggesting that part of the association is explained by obesity. There was a differential effect of fat on endometrial cancer according to BMI. For all components of fat, the associations with endometrial cancer were either minimal or absent among leaner women (i.e., those with BMI below the median), whereas, among more obese women, two-fold differences in risk were observed between women above and below the median of fat intake. Foods that are high in fat and cholesterol, such as red meat, margarine, and eggs, were positively associated with endometrial cancer, whereas cereals, legumes, vegetables, and fruits, particularly those high in lutein, were inversely associated. These findings suggest that women who avoid being overweight and who consume a diet low in plant and animal fats and high in complex carbohydrates are at a reduced risk of endometrial cancer. FAU - Goodman, M T
Simultaneous presentation of giant pheochromocytoma, primary hyperparathyroidism, and mixed-medullary-papillary thyroid cancer in MEN 2A.; The aim of this study was to describe a young man with probably the largest pheochromocytoma associated with MEN 2A, described till date. The patient, a non-vegetarian, fifth of eight siblings, married, having five children, presented with episodes of difficult-to-control hypertension requiring over five antihypertensives. He was referred to us with an abdominal CT scan that revealed a 16 cm left-sided adrenal mass. Biochemical testing confirmed a catecholamine secreting pathology. Histopathology confirmed the mass as a pheochromocytoma weighing 1.8 kg. Further evaluation suggested a parathormone-dependent hypercalcemia and a left-sided thyroid mass. Histopathology confirmed parathyroid hyperplasia and medullary carcinoma of the thyroid mixed with papillary carcinoma of thyroid. Putting all the findings together showed that the patient was suffering from multiple endocrine neoplasia 2. Multiple endocrine neoplasia 2A is a rare syndrome. The case is unique in the way it presented, with all the three tumors at the same time. The management was bold and addressed all the three lesions in the same hospital admission. We are also reporting the largest described case of pheochromocytoma from India. FAU - Gupta, Vishal
Olive oil has a beneficial effect on impaired glucose regulation and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Di@bet.es study.; BACKGROUND: Despite the marked increase in cardiovascular risk factors in Spain in recent years, the prevalence and incidence of cardiovascular diseases have not risen as expected. Our objective is to examine the association between consumption of olive oil and the presence of cardiometabolic risk factors in the context of a large study representative of the Spanish population. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A population-based, cross-sectional, cluster sampling study was conducted. The target population was the whole Spanish population. A total of 4572 individuals aged ≥ 18 years in 100 clusters (health centers) were randomly selected with a probability proportional to population size. The main outcome measures were clinical and demographic structured survey, lifestyle survey, physical examination (weight, height, body mass index, waist, hip and blood pressure) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (75 g). RESULTS: Around 90% of the Spanish population use olive oil, at least for dressing, and slightly fewer for cooking or frying. The preference for olive oil is related to age, educational level, alcohol intake, body mass index and serum glucose, insulin and lipids. People who consume olive oil (vs sunflower oil) had a lower risk of obesity (odds ratio (OR)=0.62 (95% confidence interval (CI)=0.41-0.93, P=0.02)), impaired glucose regulation (OR=0.49 (95% CI=0.28-0.86, P=0.04)), hypertriglyceridemia (OR=0.53 (95% CI=0.33-0.84, P=0.03)) and low HDL cholesterol levels (OR=0.40 (95% CI=0.26-0.59, P=0.0001)). CONCLUSIONS: The results show that consumption of olive oil has a beneficial effect on different cardiovascular risk factors, particularly in the presence of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance or a sedentary lifestyle. FAU - Soriguer, F
Multicenter Assessment of Animal-free Collagenase AF-1 for Human Islet Isolation.; Animal-free (AF) SERVA Collagenase AF-1 and Neutral Protease (NP) AF GMP Grade have recently become available for human islet isolation. This report describes the initial experiences of 3 different islet transplant centers. Thirty-four human pancreases were digested using 1 vial of the 6 different lots of Collagenase AF-1 (2,000-2,583 PZ-U/vial) supplemented with 4 different lots of NP AF in a range of 50 to 160 DMC-U per pancreas. Isolation, culture, and quality assessment were performed using standard techniques as previously described. All data are presented as mean ± standard error of the mean (SEM). Variability of pancreas weight was associated with a wide range of collagenase and NP activities, ranging from 12.7 to 46.6 PZ-U/g (26.0 ± 1.5 PZ-U/g) and 0.4 to 3.0 DMC-U/g (1.5 ± 0.1 DMC-U/g), respectively. Postpurification islet yield was 296,494 ± 33,620 islet equivalents (IEQ) equivalent to 3,274 ± 450 IEQ/g with a purity of 55.9% ± 3.2%. Quality assessment performed after 2 to 4 d of culture demonstrated a viability of 88.1% ± 1.5% and a stimulation index of 3.7 ± 0.7. Eighteen of the 34 preparations were transplanted into type 1 diabetic patients equivalent to a transplantation rate of 52.9%. Six preparations, which were infused into patients as first transplant, could be analyzed and increased the fasting C-peptide level from 0.11 ± 0.08 pretransplant to 1.23 ± 0.24 and 2.27 ± 0.31 ng/mL 3 and 6 mo posttransplant ( P < 0.05), respectively. Insulin requirements were simultaneously reduced at the same time from 39.2 ± 3.8 IU/d before transplantation to 10.8 ± 4.1 and 4.0 ± 2.3 IU/d, after 3 and 6 mo posttransplant ( P < 0.05), respectively. This study demonstrates the efficiency of AF SERVA Collagenase AF-1 and NP AF for clinical islet isolation and transplantation. The new plant-based production process makes these products a safe new option for the islet field. FAU - Brandhorst, Daniel
Differential reporting of fruit and vegetable intake among youth in a randomized controlled trial of a behavioral nutrition intervention.; BACKGROUND: Nutrition interventions typically rely on self-reported intake that may be susceptible to differential reporting bias due to exposure to the intervention. Such differences may result from increased social desirability, increased attention to eating or improved recall accuracy, and may bias estimates of the intervention effect. This study investigated differential reporting bias of fruit and vegetable intake in youth with type 1 diabetes participating in a randomized controlled trial targeting increased whole plant food intake. METHODS: Participants (treatment n = 66, control n = 70) completed 3-day food records at baseline, 6-,12-, and 18-months, from which fruit and vegetable intake (servings/day) was calculated. Serum carotenoids were assessed at these visits using a high-performance liquid chromatography-based assay. Linear regression estimated associations of fruit and vegetable intake with serum carotenoids by treatment assignment. Multiplicative interaction terms tested the interaction of treatment assignment with fruit and vegetable intake on serum carotenoids for each visit and within each group over time. RESULTS: The association of fruit and vegetable intake with serum carotenoids was significantly lower in the control versus intervention group at baseline (β = 0.22 Vs 0.46) and 6-month visits (β = 0.37 Vs 0.54), as evidenced by significant interaction effects. However, the association of fruit and vegetable intake with serum carotenoids did not significantly differ over time for either group. CONCLUSIONS: While the stronger association of fruit and vegetable with carotenoids in the treatment arm suggests greater reporting accuracy, this difference was evident at baseline, and did not change significantly over time in either group. Thus, results indicate greater subject-specific bias in the control arm compared to the treatment, and lack of evidence for reactivity to the intervention by treatment assignment. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY NUMBER AND WEBSITE: NCT00999375. FAU - Sanjeevi, Namrata
Bound phytophenols from ready-to-eat cereals: comparison with other plant-based foods.; Whole-grain diets are linked to reduced risk of several chronic diseases (heart disease, cancer, diabetes, metabolic syndrome) and all-cause mortality. There is increasing evidence that these benefits are associated with the gut microbiota and that release of fibre-related phenolic metabolites in the gut is a contributing factor. Additional sources of these metabolites include fruits and vegetables, but the evidence for their protective effects is less well established. With respect to the availability of bound phytophenols, ready-to-eat cereals are compared with soft fruits (considered rich in antioxidants) and other commonly consumed fruits and vegetables. The results demonstrated that when compared with an equivalent serving of fruits or vegetables, a recommended portion of whole-grain cereals deliver substantially higher amounts of bound phytophenols, which are available for metabolism in the colon. The increased amount of these phenolic metabolites may, in part, explain the evidence for the protective effects of whole-grain cereals.
Effect of food processing on the physicochemical properties of dietary fibre.; Products derived from the manufacturing or processing of plant based foods: cereals, fruits, vegetables, as well as algae, are sources of abundant dietary fibre. Diets high in dietary fibre have been associated with the reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and gastrointestinal disorders. These fibre-rich products and byproducts can also fortify foods, increase their dietary fibre content and result in healthy products, low in calories, cholesterol and fat. Traditionally, consumers have chosen foods such as whole grains, fruits and vegetables as sources of dietary fibre. Recently, food manufacturers have responded to consumer demand for foods with a higher fibre content by developing products in which highfibre ingredients are used. Different food processing methods also increase the dietary fiber content of food. Moreover, its chemical and physical properties may be affected by food processing. Some of them might even improve the functionality of fibre. Therefore, they may also be applied as functional ingredients to improve physical properties like the physical and structural properties of hydration, oil-holding capacity, viscosity. This study was conducted to examine the effect of different food processing methods on the physicochemical properties of dietary fibre. FAU - Ozyurt, Vasfiye Hazal
Effect of (-)-epigallocatechin-3-gallate on glucose-induced human serum albumin glycation.; (-)-Epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCg) is a naturally occurring polyphenol found in plant-based foods and beverages such as green tea. Although EGCg can eliminate carbonyl species produced by glucose autoxidation and thus can inhibit protein glycation, it is also reported to be a pro-oxidant that stimulates protein glycation in vitro. To better understand the balance between antioxidant and pro-oxidant features of EGCg, we evaluated EGCg-mediated bioactivities in a human serum albumin (HSA)/glucose model by varying three different parameters (glucose level, EGCg concentration, and time of exposure to EGCg). Measurements of glycation-induced fluorescence, protein carbonyls, and electrophoretic mobility showed that the level of HSA glycation was positively related to the glucose level over the range 10-100 mM during a 21-day incubation at 37°C and pH: 7.4. Under mild glycemic pressure (10 mM), long exposure to EGCg enhanced HSA glycation, while brief exposure to low concentrations of EGCg did not. Under high glycemic pressure (100 mM glucose), long exposure to EGCg inhibited glycation. For the first time we showed that brief exposure to EGCg reversed glycation-induced fluorescence, indicating a restorative effect. In conclusion, our research identified glucose level, EGCg concentration, and time of exposure as critical factors dictating EGCg bioactivities in HSA glycation. EGCg did not affect HSA glycation under normal physiological conditions but had a potential therapeutic effect on HSA severely damaged by glycation. FAU - Li, M
Medicinal plants use in central Togo (Africa) with an emphasis on the timing.; BACKGROUND: Plant-based remedies continue to play a key role in the health care of people in Togo; however, there is a lack of published data in medicinal plants and medical practices of the people in the country. OBJECTIVE: This study was aimed at documenting the plant utilization in the Tem folk medicine in the central region of Togo. MATERIALS AND METHODS: An ethnobotanical survey was conducted with traditional healers in the central region of Togo using a semi-structured questionnaire. RESULTS: This study demonstrated that local specialists in the central region of Togo tend to agree with each other in terms of the plants used to treat diabetes (ICF = 0.38), infertility, and abdominal pains (ICF = 0.33), but cite a much more diverse groups of plants to treat problems related to arterial hypertension, sickle cell disease, and abscess. They use 144 herbal concoctions made of 72 plants, distributed among 36 botanical families. The Euphorbiaceae family with eight species was best represented in terms of the number of species. The species with the highest use value were Khaya senegalensis (Desr.) A. Juss. (Meliaceae) (UV = 0.36), Anthocleista djalonensis A. Chev. (Gentianaceae) (UV = 0.27), Trichilia emetica Vahl (Meliaceae) (UV = 0.25), and Sarcocephalus latifolius (Sm.) E. A. Bruce (Rubiaceae) (UV = 0.21). They also rely on the timing in the plant processing and the administration of herbal remedies. CONCLUSION: All these findings are based on empirical observations; laboratory screenings are needed to check the effectiveness of these plants. FAU - Tchacondo, Tchadjobo
Anticancer mechanisms of Strobilanthes crispa Blume hexane extract on liver and breast cancer cell lines.; Cancer is a major public health concern not only in developed countries, but also in developing countries. It is one of the leading causes of mortality worldwide. However, current treatments may cause severe side effects and harm. Therefore, recent research has been focused on identifying alternative therapeutic agents extracted from plant-based sources in order to develop novel treatment options for cancer. Strobilanthes crispa Blume is a plant native to countries including Madagascar and Indonesia. It has been used as an anti-diabetic, diuretic and laxative in traditional folk medicine. Furthermore, S. crispa has potential in treating cancer, as evidenced in previous studies. In the present study, the cytotoxic and apoptotic activities of S. crispa crude extracts were investigated in liver and breast cancer cell lines. Hexane, ethyl acetate, chloroform, methanol and water extracts prepared from the leaves, and stems of S. crispa were evaluated for their cytotoxicity on HepG-2 and MDA-MB-231 cells using an MTT assay. The anti-proliferative properties of stem hexane (SH) extract on both cell lines were analysed using cell doubling time determination and cell cycle analysis, while the apoptogenic properties was determined through the detection of caspase-8. Among the extracts tested, SH extract exhibited the lowest half maximal inhibitory concentrations in both the cell lines. The SH extract induced morphological changes in HepG-2 and MDA-MB-231 cells, and significantly delayed cell population doubling time. Furthermore, it altered cell cycle profile and significantly increased caspase-8 activity in HepG-2 cells, but not in MDA-MB-231 cells. In conclusion, the SH extract of S. crispa possesses potent anticancer properties and may be a suitable chemotherapeutic target. FAU - Koh, Rhun Yian
Polyphenols from Root, Tubercles and Grains Cropped in Brazil: Chemical and Nutritional Characterization and Their Effects on Human Health and Diseases. LID - 10.3390/nu9091044 [doi] LID - 1044; Throughout evolution, plants have developed the ability to produce secondary phenolic metabolites, which are important for their interactions with the environment, reproductive strategies and defense mechanisms. These (poly)phenolic compounds are a heterogeneous group of natural antioxidants found in vegetables, cereals and leguminous that exert beneficial and protective actions on human health, playing roles such as enzymatic reaction inhibitors and cofactors, toxic chemicals scavengers and biochemical reaction substrates, increasing the absorption of essential nutrients and selectively inhibiting deleterious intestinal bacteria. Polyphenols present in some commodity grains, such as soy and cocoa beans, as well as in other vegetables considered security foods for developing countries, including cassava, taro and beetroot, all of them cropped in Brazil, have been identified and quantified in order to point out their bioavailability and the adequate dietary intake to promote health. The effects of the flavonoid and non-flavonoid compounds present in these vegetables, their metabolism and their effects on preventing chronic and degenerative disorders like cancers, diabetes, osteoporosis, cardiovascular and neurological diseases are herein discussed based on recent epidemiological studies. FAU - Baião, Diego Dos Santos
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene polymorphism in Indian stroke patients.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: In view of the prevailing controversy about the role of Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) C677T mutation in stroke and paucity of studies from India, this study has been undertaken to evaluate MTHFR C677T gene polymorphism in consecutive ischemic stroke patients and correlate these with folic acid, homocysteine (Hcy) and conventional risk factors. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: Ischemic stroke patients prospectively evaluated in a tertiary care teaching hospital. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Computerized tomography proven ischemic stroke patients were prospectively evaluated including clinical, family history of stroke, dietary habits and addictions. Their fasting and postprandial blood sugar, lipid profile, vitamin B12, folic acid and MTHFR gene analysis were done. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: MTHFR gene polymorphism was correlated with serum folic acid, Vitamin B12 and Hcy levels; family history of stroke in first-degree relatives; and dietary habits; employing Chi-square test. RESULTS: There were 58 patients with ischemic stroke, whose mean age was 50 (4-79) years; among them, 10 were females. MTHFR gene polymorphism was present in 19 (32.8%) patients, 3 were homozygous and 16 were heterozygous. Both serum folate and B12 levels were low in 29 (50%) patients and Hcy in 48 (83%). Hypertension was present in 28 (48%) patients, diabetes in 12 (21%), hyperlipidemia in 52 (90%), smoking in 17 (29%), obesity in 1 (1.7%) and family history of stroke in first-degree relatives in 13 (22.4%). There was no significant relationship of MTHFR gene polymorphism with folic acid, B12, Hcy levels, dietary habits and number of risk factors. Vitamin B12 level was low in vegetarians (P<0.003). In 3 patients with MTHFR TT alleles, Hcy was elevated in all 3, low folic acid in 2 and family history of stroke in 1 patient. CONCLUSION: MTHFR gene polymorphism was found in one-third of patients with ischemic stroke and was insignificantly associated with higher frequency of elevated Hcy. FAU - Kalita, J
Transgenic expression and functional characterization of human platelet derived growth factor BB (hPDGF-BB) in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.).; Recombinant human platelet derived growth factor BB (rhPDGF-BB) is clinically approved for treating diabetic neuropathic ulcers. Plant-based expression systems offer less expensive ways of producing recombinant drugs, which do not require purification for clinical use. From this perspective, rhPDGF-BB is an ideal candidate for expression in plants as it can be applied topically. Here, we report a proof of concept study, in which rhPDGF-BB was expressed in tobacco plants, and its biological activity was tested in vitro. The mature human platelet derived growth factor BB (hPDGF-BB) gene was codon-optimized for tobacco and fused with ER targeting and retention signals, 5' and 3' UTRs of arc5-1 gene along with CaMV 35S promoter, and then, transferred by Agrobacterium-mediated transformation. Gene and protein expression of hPDGF-BB were confirmed by PCR and immunoblot studies. Bioactivity of hPDGF-BB expressed protein was determined by in vitro assays such as proliferation and migration in NIH3T3 cells. Our data reveals that total soluble proteins containing hPDGF-BB from transgenic plants showed a 4.5-fold increase in fibroblast proliferation compared to non-transgenic plants. Furthermore, plant-made rhPDGF-BB induced chemotaxis of treated cells and promoted wound healing in vitro. These results clearly demonstrate that functionally active rhPDGF-BB protein can be produced in plants and might have therapeutic benefits. FAU - Deepa, Kanagasabapathy
Synthesized Peptides from Yam Dioscorin Hydrolysis in Silico Exhibit Dipeptidyl Peptidase-IV Inhibitory Activities and Oral Glucose Tolerance Improvements in Normal Mice.; RRDY, RL, and DPF were the top 3 of 21 peptides for inhibitions against dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPP-IV) from the pepsin hydrolysis of yam dioscorin in silico and were further investigated in a proof-of-concept study in normal ICR mice for regulating glucose metabolism by the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The sample or sitagliptin (positive control) was orally administered by a feeding gauge; 30 min later, the glucose loads (2.5 g/kg) were performed. RRDY, yam dioscorin, or sitagliptin preload, but not DPF, lowered the area under the curve (AUC0-120) of blood glucose and DPP-IV activity and elevated the AUC0-120 of blood insulin, which showed significant differences compared to control (P < 0.05 or 0.001). These results suggested that RRDY and yam dioscorin might be beneficial in glycemic control in normal mice and need further investigations in diabetic animal models. FAU - Lin, Yin-Shiou
Dietary Polyphenols and Periodontitis-A Mini-Review of Literature. LID - 10.3390/molecules23071786 [doi] LID - 1786; Periodontitis, which is a chronic infection and disease of the periodontium, is a significant global health burden and is linked to other chronic health conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Dietary polyphenols present in a wide variety of plant-based foods, herbs, and botanicals have been shown to exert antimicrobial, anti-inflammatory, and reduced osteoclast and alveolar bone loss activities in animal models of periodontitis. Polyphenol-containing beverages and foods especially green tea and its active catechin epigallocatechin-3-gallate, cranberries, pomegranates, and fruit and vegetable extracts have reported bacteriostatic/bactericidal activity against microbial species such as P. gingivalis and shown total bacterial burden in clinical studies. These polyphenols also exhibit anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects, which have the potential to impact various biological mechanisms for reducing the initiation and progression of periodontitis. The main objective of this mini-review is to focus on the mechanisms of action of dietary polyphenols in improving the pathophysiology underlying chronic inflammatory diseases like periodontitis based on pre-clinical and clinical models. FAU - Basu, Arpita
Hesperidin Prevents High Glucose-Induced Damage of Retinal Pigment Epithelial Cells.; The present study aimed to determine whether hesperidin, a plant-based active flavanone found in citrus fruits, can prevent high glucose-induced retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) cell impairment. Cultured human RPE cells (ARPE-19) were exposed to a normal glucose concentration (5.5 mM) for 4 d and then soaked in either normal (5.5 mM) or high (33.3 mM) concentrations of D-glucose with or without different concentrations of hesperidin (10, 20, or 40 µM) for another 48 h. The survival rates of the cells were measured using a 3-(4,5-dimethyl thiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide reduction assay. With the help of a fluorescent probe, the intracellular production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) was evaluated. Colorimetric assay kits were used to assess the antioxidant enzyme activities, and western blotting was used to measure the expression of apoptosis-related protein. Hesperidin was effective in inhibiting high glucose-induced ROS production, preventing loss of cell viability, and promoting the endogenous antioxidant defense components, including glutathione peroxidase, superoxide dismutase, catalase, and glutathione, in a concentration-dependent manner. Furthermore, high glucose triggered cell apoptosis via the upregulation of caspase-9/3, enhancement of cytochrome c release into the cytosol, and subsequent interruption of the Bax/Bcl-2 balance. These detrimental effects were ameliorated by hesperidin in a concentration-dependent manner. We conclude that through the scavenging of ROS and modulation of the mitochondria-mediated apoptotic pathway, hesperidin may protect RPE cells from high glucose-induced injury and thus may be a candidate in preventing the visual impairment caused by diabetic retinopathy.
Longevity of Thai physicians.; The objectives of this study were to explore characteristics of the long-lived Thai physicians. We sent 983 posted questionnaires to 840 male and 143 female physicians. We obtained 327 of them back after 2 rounds of mailing, yielding a response rate of 33.3 percents. The response rate of male physicians was 32.4 percents and that of female physicians was 38.5 percents. Their ages were between 68-93 years (75.1 +/- 4.86 years on average). The majority were married, implying that their spouses were also long-lived. Around half of them still did some clinical work, one-fourth did some charity work, one-fourth did various voluntary works, one-fifth did some business, one-fifth did some academic work, and some did more than one type of work. Most long-lived physicians were not obese, with BMI of 16.53-34.16 (average 23.97 +/- 2.80). Only 8 had BMI higher than 30. BMIs were not different between male and female physicians. However, four-fifths of them had diseases that required treatment, and some of them had more than one disease. The five most frequent diseases were hypertension, diabetes, ischemic heart disease, dyslipidemia, and benign prostate hypertrophy, respectively. Most long-lived physicians did exercise (87.8%), and some did more than one method. The most frequent one was walking (52.3%). Most did not drink alcohol or drank occasionally, only 9.0% drank regularly. Most of them slept 3-9 hours per night (average 6.75 +/- 1.06). Most (78.3%) took some medication regularly; of most were medicine for their diseases. Most did not eat macrobiotic food, vegetarian food, or fast food regularly. Most long-lived physicians practiced some religious activities by praying, paying respect to Buddha, giving food to monks, practicing meditation, and listening to monks' teaching. They also used Buddhist practice and guidelines for their daily living and work, and also recommended these to their younger colleagues. Their recreational activities were playing musical instruments (15%), singing (27%), doing hobbies (64.0%), and others (51.8%). Most did not reply on question whether they achieved their self-actualization target of their lives, this might result from the fact that this was rather an abstract question. Our first part study revealed some characteristics of long-lived Thai physicians that seem to be in agreement with other studies indicating that physicians compared favorably with the general population in mortality from physical illness. This may result from several factors: the medical student selective process leading to "healthy worker effect", knowledge in medicine, access to care, and their healthy behaviors (such as nutrition, exercise, religious activities which help improve their spiritual well-being). FAU - Sithisarankul, Pornchai
Cell factories for insulin production.; The rapid increase in the number of diabetic patients globally and exploration of alternate insulin delivery methods such as inhalation or oral route that rely on higher doses, is bound to escalate the demand for recombinant insulin in near future. Current manufacturing technologies would be unable to meet the growing demand of affordable insulin due to limitation in production capacity and high production cost. Manufacturing of therapeutic recombinant proteins require an appropriate host organism with efficient machinery for posttranslational modifications and protein refolding. Recombinant human insulin has been produced predominantly using E. coli and Saccharomyces cerevisiae for therapeutic use in human. We would focus in this review, on various approaches that can be exploited to increase the production of a biologically active insulin and its analogues in E. coli and yeast. Transgenic plants are also very attractive expression system, which can be exploited to produce insulin in large quantities for therapeutic use in human. Plant-based expression system hold tremendous potential for high-capacity production of insulin in very cost-effective manner. Very high level of expression of biologically active proinsulin in seeds or leaves with long-term stability, offers a low-cost technology for both injectable as well as oral delivery of proinsulin. FAU - Baeshen, Nabih A
High-level production of single chain monellin mutants with enhanced sweetness and stability in tobacco chloroplasts.; Plastid-based MNEI protein mutants retain the structure, stability and sweetness of their bacterial counterparts, confirming the attractiveness of the plastid transformation technology for high-yield production of recombinant proteins. The prevalence of obesity and diabetes has dramatically increased the industrial demand for the development and use of alternatives to sugar and traditional sweeteners. Sweet proteins, such as MNEI, a single chain derivative of monellin, are the most promising candidates for industrial applications. In this work, we describe the use of tobacco chloroplasts as a stable plant expression platform to produce three MNEI protein mutants with improved taste profile and stability. All plant-based proteins were correctly expressed in tobacco chloroplasts, purified and subjected to in-depth chemical and sensory analyses. Recombinant MNEI mutants showed a protein yield ranging from 5% to more than 50% of total soluble proteins, which, to date, represents the highest accumulation level of MNEI mutants in plants. Comparative analyses demonstrated the high similarity, in terms of structure, stability and function, of the proteins produced in plant chloroplasts and bacteria. The high yield and the extreme sweetness perceived for the plant-derived proteins prove that plastid transformation technology is a safe, stable and cost-effective production platform for low-calorie sweeteners, with an estimated production of up to 25-30 mg of pure protein/plant. FAU - Castiglia, Daniela
The molecular biology and pathophysiology of vascular calcification.; Vascular calcification (VC), commonly encountered in renal failure, diabetes, and aging, is associated with a large increase in the risk for cardiovascular events and mortality. Calcification of the arterial media and of heart valves clearly plays a mediating role in this regard, whereas it is less clear how calcification of plaque influences atherogenesis and risk for plaque rupture. Vascular calcification is an active process in which vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) adopt an osteoblastic phenotype and deposit hydroxyapatite crystals; apoptosis of VSMCs also promotes this deposition. Drivers of this phenotypic transition, which include elevated serum phosphate, advanced glycation end-products, bone morphogenetic proteins, inflammatory cytokines, and leptin, invariably induce oxidative stress in VSMCs, which appears to be a necessary and sufficient condition for induction of the runt-related transcription factor 2 gene (RUNX2) and the shift to osteoblastic behavior. Magnesium antagonizes the impact of phosphate on VSMC osteoblastic transition, both by a direct effect within VSMCs and by suppressing absorption of dietary phosphate. Antioxidants that suppress reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase activity may have the potential to block the osteoblastic transition of VSMCs. Minimizing the absorption of dietary phosphate may also be helpful in this regard, particularly in renal failure, and it can be achieved with plant-based dietary choices, avoidance of phosphate additives, and administration of pharmaceutical phosphate binders, supplemental magnesium, and niacin. Good vitamin K status opposes VC by optimizing the γ-carboxylation of matrix Gla protein, a physiological antagonist of VC. Adequate but not excessive vitamin D status also appears to discourage VC. Etidronate, a structural analogue of pyrophosphate, has shown potential for blocking VC. FAU - McCarty, Mark F
Stevia Leaf to Stevia Sweetener: Exploring Its Science, Benefits, and Future Potential.; Steviol glycoside sweeteners are extracted and purified from the Stevia rebaudiana Bertoni plant, a member of the Asteraceae (Compositae) family that is native to South America, where it has been used for its sweet properties for hundreds of years. With continued increasing rates of obesity, diabetes, and other related comorbidities, in conjunction with global public policies calling for reductions in sugar intake as a means to help curb these issues, low- and no-calorie sweeteners (LNCSs, also known as high-potency sweeteners) such as stevia are gaining interest among consumers and food manufacturers. This appeal is related to stevia being plant-based, zero calorie and with a sweet taste that is 50-350 times sweeter than sugar, making it an excellent choice for use in sugar- and calorie-reduced food and beverage products. Despite the fact that the safety of stevia has been affirmed by several food regulatory and safety authorities around the world, insufficient education about stevia's safety and benefits, including continuing concern with regard to the safety of LNCSs in general, deters health professionals and consumers from recommending or using stevia. Therefore, the aim of this review and the stevia symposium that preceded this review at the ASN's annual conference in 2017 was to examine, in a comprehensive manner, the state of the science for stevia, its safety and potential health benefits, and future research and application. Topics covered included metabolism, safety and acceptable intake, dietary exposure, impact on blood glucose and insulin concentrations, energy intake and weight management, blood pressure, dental caries, naturality and processing, taste and sensory properties, regulatory status, consumer insights, and market trends. Data for stevia are limited in the case of energy intake and weight management as well as for the gut microbiome; therefore, the broader literature on LNCSs was reviewed at the symposium and therefore is also included in this review. FAU - Samuel, Priscilla
Impaired autophagy induces chronic atrophic pancreatitis in mice via sex- and nutrition-dependent processes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Little is known about the mechanisms of the progressive tissue destruction, inflammation, and fibrosis that occur during development of chronic pancreatitis. Autophagy is involved in multiple degenerative and inflammatory diseases, including pancreatitis, and requires the protein autophagy related 5 (ATG5). We created mice with defects in autophagy to determine its role in pancreatitis. METHODS: We created mice with pancreas-specific disruption of Atg5 (Ptf1aCreex1;Atg5F/F mice) and compared them to control mice. Pancreata were collected and histology, immunohistochemistry, transcriptome, and metabolome analyses were performed. ATG5-deficient mice were placed on diets containing 25% palm oil and compared with those on a standard diet. Another set of mice received the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine. Pancreatic tissues were collected from 8 patients with chronic pancreatitis (CP) and compared with pancreata from ATG5-deficient mice. RESULTS: Mice with pancreas-specific disruption of Atg5 developed atrophic CP, independent of β-cell function; a greater proportion of male mice developed CP than female mice. Pancreata from ATG5-deficient mice had signs of inflammation, necrosis, acinar-to-ductal metaplasia, and acinar-cell hypertrophy; this led to tissue atrophy and degeneration. Based on transcriptome and metabolome analyses, ATG5-deficient mice produced higher levels of reactive oxygen species than control mice, and had insufficient activation of glutamate-dependent metabolism. Pancreata from these mice had reduced autophagy, increased levels of p62, and increases in endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial damage, compared with tissues from control mice; p62 signaling to Nqo1 and p53 was also activated. Dietary antioxidants, especially in combination with palm oil-derived fatty acids, blocked progression to CP and pancreatic acinar atrophy. Tissues from patients with CP had many histologic similarities to those from ATG5-deficient mice. CONCLUSIONS: Mice with pancreas-specific disruption of Atg5 develop a form of CP similar to that of humans. CP development appears to involve defects in autophagy, glutamate-dependent metabolism, and increased production of reactive oxygen species. These mice might be used to identify therapeutic targets for CP.
Potential role of Borreria hispida in ameliorating cardiovascular risk factors.; Borreria hispida (BHE), a weed of Rubiaceae family, is being used from time immemorial as an alternative therapy for diabetes. To evaluate the scientific background of using BHE as therapy to reduce cardiovascular risk, a group of rats were given BHE for a period of 30 days, whereas control animals were given the vehicle only. The animals were sacrificed, the hearts were isolated, and perfused with buffer. All the hearts were subjected to 30-minute ischemia followed by 2-hour reperfusion. Compared with vehicle-treated rats, BHE-treated rat hearts showed improved post-ischemic ventricular function and exhibited reduced myocardial infarct size and cardiomyocyte apoptosis. The level of cytochrome c expression and caspase 3 activation was also reduced. BHE elevated antiapoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and heme oxygenase-1 and stimulated the phosphorylation of survival protein Akt simultaneously decreasing the apoptotic proteins Bax and Src. In addition, BHE enhanced the protein expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-delta, and Glut-4, probably revealing the antiobese and antidiabetic potential of BHE. These results indicate that treatment with BHE improves cardiac function and ameliorates various risk factors associated with cardiac disease, suggesting that BHE can be considered as a potential plant-based nutraceutical and pharmaceutical agent for the management of cardiovascular diseases. FAU - Vasanthi, Hannah R
Oral vitamin B12 supplementation reduces plasma total homocysteine concentration in women in India.; People in India have a high prevalence of low vitamin B12 status and high plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations. In a proof of principle trial, we studied the effect of oral vitamin B12 (500 microg) and/or 100 g cooked green leafy vegetables (GLV) every alternate day in a 2x2 factorial design over a 6-week period. Forty-two non-pregnant vegetarian women (age 20-50 years) were randomly allocated to four study groups. Clinical measurements were made at the beginning and at the end of the study, and blood samples were collected before, and 2 and 6 weeks after commencement of intervention. Forty women completed the trial. Twenty-six women had low vitamin B12 status (<150 pmol/L) and 24 had hyperhomocysteinemia (>15 micromol/L). GLV supplementation did not alter plasma folate or tHcy. Vitamin B12 supplementation increased plasma vitamin B12 concentration (125 to 215 pmol/L, p <0.05) and reduced tHcy concentration (18.0 to 13.0 micromol/L, p <0.05) within first 2 weeks, both of which remained stable for the next 4 weeks. Plasma vitamin B12 and tHcy concentrations did not change in those who did not receive vitamin B12, and there was no change in plasma folate concentration in any of the groups. Blood haemoglobin concentration increased marginally within first two weeks in those women who received vitamin B12 (by 3 g/L, p <0.05) and the number of women with macrocytosis decreased from 2 to zero. There was no change in vibration sensory threshold during the period of the study. High-dose per oral vitamin B12 supplementation significantly reduced plasma tHcy within 2 weeks but did not achieve normal plasma tHcy concentration even after 6 weeks. People in India have a high prevalence of low vitamin B12 status and high plasma total homocysteine (tHcy) concentrations. FAU - Yajnik, Chittaranjan S
Traditional medicine practices among community members with chronic kidney disease in northern Tanzania: an ethnomedical survey.; BACKGROUND: In sub-Saharan Africa, chronic kidney disease (CKD) is being recognized as a non-communicable disease (NCD) with high morbidity and mortality. In countries like Tanzania, people access many sources, including traditional medicines, to meet their healthcare needs for NCDs, but little is known about traditional medicine practices among people with CKD. Therefore, we sought to characterize these practices among community members with CKD in northern Tanzania. METHODS: Between December 2013 and June 2014, we administered a previously-developed survey to a random sample of adult community-members from the Kilimanjaro Region; the survey was designed to measure traditional medicine practices such as types, frequencies, reasons, and modes. Participants were also tested for CKD, diabetes, hypertension, and HIV as part of the CKD-AFRiKA study. To identify traditional medicines used in the local treatment of kidney disease, we reviewed the qualitative sessions which had previously been conducted with key informants. RESULTS: We enrolled 481 adults of whom 57 (11.9 %) had CKD. The prevalence of traditional medicine use among adults with CKD was 70.3 % (95 % CI 50.0-84.9 %), and among those at risk for CKD (n = 147; 30.6 %), it was 49.0 % (95 % CI 33.1-65.0 %). Among adults with CKD, the prevalence of concurrent use of traditional medicine and biomedicine was 33.2 % (11.4-65.6 %). Symptomatic ailments (66.7 %; 95 % CI 17.3-54.3), malaria/febrile illnesses (64.0 %; 95 % CI 44.1-79.9), and chronic diseases (49.6 %; 95 % CI 28.6-70.6) were the most prevalent uses for traditional medicines. We identified five plant-based traditional medicines used for the treatment of kidney disease: Aloe vera, Commifora africana, Cymbopogon citrullus, Persea americana, and Zanthoxylum chalybeum. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of traditional medicine use is high among adults with and at risk for CKD in northern Tanzania where they use them for a variety of conditions including other NCDs. Additionally, many of these same people access biomedicine and traditional medicines concurrently. The traditional medicines used for the local treatment of kidney disease have a variety of activities, and people with CKD may be particularly vulnerable to adverse effects. Recognizing these traditional medicine practices will be important in shaping CKD treatment programs and public health policies aimed at addressing CKD. FAU - Stanifer, John W
Natural Products for Drug Discovery in the 21st Century: Innovations for Novel Drug Discovery. LID - 10.3390/ijms19061578 [doi] LID - 1578; The therapeutic properties of plants have been recognised since time immemorial. Many pathological conditions have been treated using plant-derived medicines. These medicines are used as concoctions or concentrated plant extracts without isolation of active compounds. Modern medicine however, requires the isolation and purification of one or two active compounds. There are however a lot of global health challenges with diseases such as cancer, degenerative diseases, HIV/AIDS and diabetes, of which modern medicine is struggling to provide cures. Many times the isolation of "active compound" has made the compound ineffective. Drug discovery is a multidimensional problem requiring several parameters of both natural and synthetic compounds such as safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy to be evaluated during drug candidate selection. The advent of latest technologies that enhance drug design hypotheses such as Artificial Intelligence, the use of 'organ-on chip' and microfluidics technologies, means that automation has become part of drug discovery. This has resulted in increased speed in drug discovery and evaluation of the safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy of candidate compounds whilst allowing novel ways of drug design and synthesis based on natural compounds. Recent advances in analytical and computational techniques have opened new avenues to process complex natural products and to use their structures to derive new and innovative drugs. Indeed, we are in the era of computational molecular design, as applied to natural products. Predictive computational softwares have contributed to the discovery of molecular targets of natural products and their derivatives. In future the use of quantum computing, computational softwares and databases in modelling molecular interactions and predicting features and parameters needed for drug development, such as pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamics, will result in few false positive leads in drug development. This review discusses plant-based natural product drug discovery and how innovative technologies play a role in next-generation drug discovery. FAU - Thomford, Nicholas Ekow
Habitual dietary fibre intake influences gut microbiota response to an inulin-type fructan prebiotic: a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over, human intervention study.; Dysbiotic gut microbiota have been implicated in human disease. Diet-based therapeutic strategies have been used to manipulate the gut microbiota towards a more favourable profile. However, it has been demonstrated that large inter-individual variability exists in gut microbiota response to a dietary intervention. The primary objective of this study was to investigate whether habitually low dietary fibre (LDF) v. high dietary fibre (HDF) intakes influence gut microbiota response to an inulin-type fructan prebiotic. In this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study, thirty-four healthy participants were classified as LDF or HDF consumers. Gut microbiota composition (16S rRNA bacterial gene sequencing) and SCFA concentrations were assessed following 3 weeks of daily prebiotic supplementation (Orafti® Synergy 1; 16 g/d) or placebo (Glucidex® 29 Premium; 16 g/d), as well as after 3 weeks of the alternative intervention, following a 3-week washout period. In the LDF group, the prebiotic intervention led to an increase in Bifidobacterium (P=0·001). In the HDF group, the prebiotic intervention led to an increase in Bifidobacterium (P<0·001) and Faecalibacterium (P=0·010) and decreases in Coprococcus (P=0·010), Dorea (P=0·043) and Ruminococcus (Lachnospiraceae family) (P=0·032). This study demonstrates that those with HDF intakes have a greater gut microbiota response and are therefore more likely to benefit from an inulin-type fructan prebiotic than those with LDF intakes. Future studies aiming to modulate the gut microbiota and improve host health, using an inulin-type fructan prebiotic, should take habitual dietary fibre intake into account. FAU - Healey, Genelle
A Novel Combinatorial Epigenetic Therapy Using Resveratrol and Pterostilbene for Restoring Estrogen Receptor-α (ERα) Expression in ERα-Negative Breast Cancer Cells.; Breast cancer is the second most common cancer and a leading cause of cancer death in women. Specifically, estrogen receptor-α (ERα)-negative breast cancers are clinically more aggressive and normally do not respond to conventional hormone-directed therapies such as tamoxifen. Although epigenetic-based therapies such as 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine and/or trichostatin A as DNA methyltransferase (DNMT) and histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors, respectively, can regulate the expression of ERα, this can often lead to a number of side effects. Plant-based dietary compounds such as resveratrol and pterostilbene in novel combinatorial therapy provides new avenues to target these side effects and provide similar results with a higher level of safety. Here, we report that combinatorial resveratrol and pterostilbene leads to the reactivation of ERα expression in ERα-negative breast cancer cells in a time-dependent manner. Chromatin immunoprecipitation analysis of the ERα promoter in each cell type revealed an increase in enrichment of acetyl-H3, acetyl-H3lysine9 (H3K9) and acetyl-H4 active chromatin markers in the ERα promoter region after combinatorial treatment. This treatment also resulted in a significant change in HDAC and histone acetyl transferase (HAT) enzyme activity in these cells after 3 days of treatments. The combination resulted in a significant decrease in DNMT enzyme activity and 5-methylcytosine levels in MDA-MB-157 breast cancer cells. Moreover, reactivation of ERα expression by resveratrol combined with pterostilbene was found to sensitize ERα-dependent response to 17β-estradiol (E2)-mediated cellular proliferation and antagonist 4-hydroxytamoxifen (4-OHT)-mediated inhibition of cellular proliferation in ERα-negative breast cancer cells. E2 and 4-OHT further affected the ERα-responsive downstream progesterone receptor (PGR) gene in ERα reactivated MDA-MB-157 cells. Collectively, our findings provide a new and safer way of restoring ERα expression by regulating epigenetic mechanisms with the use of phytochemicals in combinatorial therapy. This combination can further provide effective treatment options for hormonal refractory breast cancer with available anti-hormonal therapy. FAU - Kala, Rishabh
Effect of liraglutide on body weight and pain in patients with overweight and knee osteoarthritis: protocol for a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, single-centre trial.; INTRODUCTION: With an increasing prevalence of citizens of older age and with overweight, the health issues related to knee osteoarthritis (OA) will intensify. Weight loss is considered a primary management strategy in patients with concomitant overweight and knee OA. However, there are no widely available and feasible methods to sustain weight loss in patients with overweight and knee OA. The present protocol describes a randomised controlled trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of the glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist liraglutide in a 3 mg/day dosing in patients with overweight and knee OA. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: 150 volunteer adult patients with overweight or obesity and knee OA will participate in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group and single-centre trial. The participants will partake in a run-in diet intervention phase (week -8 to 0) including a low calorie diet and dietetic counselling. At week 0, patients will be randomised to either liraglutide 3 mg/day or liraglutide placebo 3 mg/day for 52 weeks as an add-on to dietetic guidance on re-introducing regular foods and a focus on continued motivation to engage in a healthy lifestyle. The co-primary outcomes are changes in body weight and the Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score pain subscale from week 0 to week 52. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The trial has been approved by the regional ethics committee in the Capital Region of Denmark, the Danish Medicines Agency and the Danish Data Protection Agency. An external monitoring committee (The Good Clinical Practice Unit at Copenhagen University Hospitals) will oversee the trial. The results will be presented at international scientific meetings and through publications in peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBERS: 2015-005163-16, NCT02905864, U1111-1171-4970 BASED ON PROTOCOL VERSION: V.6; 30 January 2017, 15:30 hours.
Bioactivity-Guided Identification of Botanical Inhibitors of Ketohexokinase.; OBJECTIVE: In developed countries with westernized diets, the excessive consumption of added sugar in beverages and highly refined and processed foods is associated with increased risk for obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. As a major constituent of added sugars, fructose has been shown to cause a variety of adverse metabolic effects, such as impaired insulin sensitivity, hypertriglyceridemia, and oxidative stress. Recent studies have shown that ketohexokinase isoform C is the key enzyme responsible in fructose metabolism that drive's fructose's adverse effects. The objective of this study was to identify botanical ingredients with potential for inhibitory activity against ketohexokinase-C and fructose-induced metabolic effects by using a series of in vitro model systems. METHODS: Extracts from 406 botanicals and 1200 purified phytochemicals were screened (initial concentration of 50 μg/mL and 50 μM, respectively) for their inhibitory activity using a cell free, recombinant human ketohexokinase-C assay. Dose response evaluations were conducted on botanical extracts and phytochemicals that inhibited ketohexokinase-C by > 30% and > 40%, respectively. Two different extract lots of the top botanical candidates were further evaluated in lysates of HepG2 cells overexpressing ketohexokinase-C for inhibition of fructose-induced ATP depletion. In addition, extracts were evaluated in intact Hep G2 cells for inhibition of fructose-induced elevation of triglyceride and uric acid production. RESULTS: Among the botanical extracts, phloretin (Malus domestica) extracts were the most potent (IC50: 8.9-9.2 μg/mL) followed by extracts of Angelica archangelica (IC50: 22.6 μg/mL-57.3 μg/mL). Among the purified phytochemicals, methoxy-isobavachalcone (Psoralea corylifolia, IC50 = 0.2 μM) exhibited the highest potency against ketohexokinase isoform C activity followed by osthole (Angelica archangelica, IC50 = 0.7 μM), cratoxyarborenone E (Cratoxylum prunifolium, IC50 = 1.0 μM), and α-/γ-mangostin (Cratoxylum prunifolium, IC50 = 1.5 μM). Extracts of Angelica archangelica, Garcinia mangostana, Petroselinum crispum, and Scutellaria baicalensis exhibited ketohexokinase inhibitory activity and blocked fructose-induced ATP depletion and fructose-induced elevation in triglyerides and uric acid. CONCLUSIONS: Angelica archangelica, Garcinia mangostana, Petroselinum crispum, and Scutellaria baicalensis were the top four botanical candidiates identified with inhibitory activity against ketohexokinase-C. Future studies are needed to show proof of mechanism and the efficacy of these botanical extracts in humans to blunt the negative metabolic effects of fructose-containing added sugars. FAU - Le, MyPhuong T
Suppression of adipocyte differentiation and lipid accumulation by stearidonic acid (SDA) in 3T3-L1 cells.; BACKGROUND: Increased consumption of omega-3 (ω-3) fatty acids found in cold-water fish and fish oil has been reported to protect against obesity. A potential mechanism may be through reduction in adipocyte differentiation. Stearidonic acid (SDA), a plant-based ω-3 fatty acid, has been targeted as a potential surrogate for fish-based fatty acids; however, its role in adipocyte differentiation is unknown. This study was designed to evaluate the effects of SDA on adipocyte differentiation in 3T3-L1 cells. METHODS: 3T3-L1 preadipocytes were differentiated in the presence of SDA or vehicle-control. Cell viability assay was conducted to determine potential toxicity of SDA. Lipid accumulation was measured by Oil Red O staining and triglyceride (TG) quantification in differentiated 3T3-L1 adipocytes. Adipocyte differentiation was evaluated by adipogenic transcription factors and lipid accumulation gene expression by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Fatty acid analysis was conducted by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry/mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). RESULTS: 3T3-L1 cells treated with SDA were viable at concentrations used for all studies. SDA treatment reduced lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 adipocytes. This anti-adipogenic effect by SDA was a result of down-regulation of mRNA levels of the adipogenic transcription factors CCAAT/enhancer-binding proteins alpha and beta (C/EBPα, C/EBPβ), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ), and sterol-regulatory element binding protein-1c (SREBP-1c). SDA treatment resulted in decreased expression of the lipid accumulation genes adipocyte fatty-acid binding protein (AP2), fatty acid synthase (FAS), stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD-1), lipoprotein lipase (LPL), glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK). The transcriptional activity of PPARγ was found to be decreased with SDA treatment. SDA treatment led to significant EPA enrichment in 3T3-L1 adipocytes compared to vehicle-control. CONCLUSION: These results demonstrated that SDA can suppress adipocyte differentiation and lipid accumulation in 3T3-L1 cells through down-regulation of adipogenic transcription factors and genes associated with lipid accumulation. This study suggests the use of SDA as a dietary treatment for obesity. FAU - Li, Yueru
