total number of articles searched: 122.
objectives: ['estimate the comparative clinical efficacy of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.', 'estimate the acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.'].
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
clinical effectiveness of non-tms neurostimulation in depression: clinical trials from 2010 to 2020.
current updates on newer forms of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
characterizing cortical oscillatory responses in major depressive disorder before and after convulsive therapy: a tms-eeg study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mood disorder: a review and comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.
connectivity-guided theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant moderate to severe depression: magnetic resonance imaging protocol and sars-cov-2-induced changes for a randomized double-blind controlled trial.
antidepressant efficacy and immune effects of bilateral theta burst stimulation monotherapy in major depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
comparing the anti-depressive effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of patients with depression.
effects of intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression.
efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
feasibility of intermediate theta burst stimulation as sham control in therapeutic transcranial magnetic stimulation studies.
bridging the skull: electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in psychiatry.
propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, double-blind comparison of electroconvulsive therapy seizure quality, therapeutic efficacy, and cognitive performance.
there are 4 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
in the end, 4 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 0.
false positive rate: 0.36885245901639346.
false negative rate: 0.0.

Included target articles are as follow:
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
the acdc pilot trial: targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rtms for the treatment of depression.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: a pilot study of acute safety and efficacy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
