total number of articles searched: 2675.
objectives: ['estimate the comparative clinical efficacy of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults', 'estimate the acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults'].
electroconvulsive therapy combined with esketamine improved depression through pi3k/akt/glt-1 pathway.
optimizing antidepressant benefits: effect of theta burst stimulation treatment in physically active people with treatment-resistant depression.
adjunctive duration-doubled transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: study protocol for a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
a randomized sham-controlled trial of high-dosage accelerated intermittent theta burst rtms in major depression: study protocol.
active versus sham dlpfc-nac rtms for depressed adolescents with anhedonia using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri): a study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
targeting the prefrontal-supplementary motor network in obsessive-compulsive disorder with intensified electrical stimulation in two dosages: a randomized, controlled trial.
short-term and long-term efficacy of accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on cognitive function recovery in patients with depression following electroconvulsive therapy (ect): protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (fmri-rtms) in depressive patients with emotional blunting: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation combined with antidepressant medications for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
inappropriate study inclusion in meta-analysis of sham-controlled rtms for treatment-resistant depression.
cognitive enhancing effect of rtms combined with tdcs in patients with major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study.
evaluating the effects of tdcs on depressive and anxiety symptoms from a transdiagnostic perspective: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
structural-functional connectomics in major depressive disorder following aitbs treatment.
14.1 accelerated theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory depression in asd.
continuous theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: a multicenter, double-blind randomized controlled study exploring treatment efficacy and predictive potential of kynurenine metabolites.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the hamilton depression rating scale-17 criterion in patients with major depressive disorder without psychotic features: a systematic review and meta-analysis of intervention studies.
erratum: accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation and treatment-refractory bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial(jama psych (2024) doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2024.1787).
accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation and treatment-refractory bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
home-based, remotely supervised, 6-week tdcs in patients with both mci and depression: a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and safety of eight enhanced therapies for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of rcts.
antidepressant class and concurrent rtms outcomes in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
rtms as a next step in antidepressant nonresponders: a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a systematic meta-analysis.
comparative effectiveness research trial for antidepressant incomplete and non-responders with treatment resistant depression (ascertain-trd) a randomized clinical trial.
optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
response trajectory to left dorsolateral prefrontal rtms in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis: trajectory of rtms.
non-invasive neurostimulation to improve sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
clinical response to fmri-guided compared to non-image guided rtms in depression and ptsd: a randomized trial.
synergistic use of deep tms therapy with iv ketamine infusions for major depressive disorder: a pilot study.
efficacy and side effects of mixed-strategy electroconvulsive therapy: a proof-of-concept randomized clinical trial on late life depression.
comparisons of accelerated continuous and intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment-resistant depression and suicidal ideation.
effective alleviation of depressive and anxious symptoms and sleep disorders in benzodiazepine-dependent patients through repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the dose-effect relationship of six stimulation parameters with rtms over left dlpfc on treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: enhanced network synchronization with active relative to sham and deep learning-based predictors of remission.
effect of psychological nursing interventions on effectiveness and quality of life in schizophrenia patients receiving modified electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
17. predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression.
201. antidepressant class and concurrent rtms outcomes in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
211. transcranial alternating current stimulation (tacs) augmentation: synergy with psychotherapy for the treatment of depression.
280. acute temporal interference stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: first results of a double-blind controlled study.
268. subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for depression: long-term safety and effectiveness outcomes from a pooled analysis of 172 patients.
233. predictors of treatment response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a retrospective clinical cohort study.
subject-specific resting-state functional connectivity to personalize rtms interventions in major depressive disorder.
105. enhancing affective cognitive control in bipolar disorder using transcranial alternating current stimulation (tacs): preliminary evidence from a randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.
clinical efficacy of adjunctive esketamine anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorders: a pragmatic, randomized, controlled trial.
safety and efficacy of repetitive stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using transcranial focused ultrasound in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a non-inferiority randomized controlled trial protocol.
a fully remote randomized trial of transcranial alternating current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder.
moving towards precision tms? evaluating individual differences and reproducibility of personalized stimulation targets in uk biobank.
home-use transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of a major depressive episode: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation on adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double blinded, controlled trial.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating anhedonia in patients with depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treatment resistant depression (trd): a systematic review.
advances in neuromodulation for older adults with mood and neurocognitive disorders.
predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression.
comparative efficacy of augmenting escitalopram with modified electroconvulsive therapy or high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms, quality of life, and cognitive function in treatment-resistant depression.
comparable efficacy of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation, cognitive behavioral therapy, and their combination in improvement of cold and hot cognitive functions and amelioration of depressive symptoms.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation-primed intermittent theta burst stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a controlled study.
tdcs reduces depression and state anxiety symptoms in older adults from the augmenting cognitive training in older adults study (act).
investigating the impact of adjunctive priming repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in late-life depression: a pilot single-blind randomized control study.
connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial.
adjunctive continuous theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies.
the association of total pulses with the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: a dose-response meta-analysis.
the effect of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with an h1 coil on hopelessness in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
neurocognitive function as outcome and predictor for prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in major depressive disorder: an analysis from the depressiondc trial.
comparing different non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for bipolar depression treatment: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
change in brain activation after transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in treatment-resistant depression.
accelerated theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory depression in autism spectrum disorder.
right ventrolateral and left dorsolateral 10 hz transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar i and ii depression: a double-blind, randomised, three‐arm, sham-controlled study.
effects and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation on multiple health outcomes: an umbrella review of randomized clinical trials.
theta burst stimulation for depression: a systematic review and network and pairwise meta-analysis.
the impact of ketamine-based versus non-ketamine-based ect anesthesia regimens on the severity of patients’ depression and occurrence of adverse events: a systematic review with meta-analysis.
efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation and neuronavigation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
predictive values of pre-treatment brain age models to rtms effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression: secondary analysis of a randomised sham-controlled clinical trial.
application of transcranial direct and alternating current stimulation (tdcs and tacs) on major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
target engagement of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex with transcranial temporal interference stimulation in major depressive disorder: a protocol for a randomized sham-controlled trial.
the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) and omega-3 on food craving, executive functions, weight, and depressive symptoms in patients with depression and overweight: a randomized controlled trial.
cognitive potency and safety of tdcs treatment for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
non-inferiority of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left v1 vs. classical target for depression: a randomized, double-blind trial.
comparing the efficacies of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments using different targeting methods in major depressive disorder: protocol for a network meta-analysis.
differential placebo responses for pharmacotherapy and neurostimulation in late-life depression.
effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-ht1a receptors in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment-resistant depression: a proof-of-concept trial.
maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol of a multisite, prospective, non-randomized longitudinal study.
network effects of stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt) in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a randomized, controlled trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) adjunctive therapy for major depressive disorder (mdd) after two antidepressant treatment failures: meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials.
the antidepressant effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs): study protocol for a randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial.
a naturalistic study comparing the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral sequential theta burst stimulation in treating major depression – the u-b-d study protocol.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognitive deficits in depression: a systematic review.
theta-burst stimulation for the treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation as treatment for major depression in a home treatment setting (homedc trial): study protocol and methodology of a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
targeting right orbitofrontal cortex (ofc) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) can improve cognitive executive function in a major depressive episode, but not depressive mood: a double-blind randomized controlled pilot trial.
comparison of 60-minute vs 30-minute transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: effects on depression suicidal ideation and anxiety.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial random noise stimulation on working memory and task-related eeg in major depressive disorder.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for depressive episode disorders.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation rct in major depression.
effect of prior pharmacotherapy on remission with sequential bilateral theta-burst versus standard bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant late-life depression.
personalized, parcel-guided rtms for the treatment of major depressive disorder: safety and proof of concept.
bilateral theta burst stimulation for patients with acute unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes: a systematic review of randomized controlled studies.
eeg synchronized left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for treatment resistant depression is feasible and produces an entrainment dependent clinical response: a randomized controlled double blind clinical trial.
white matter predicts tdcs antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study.
antidepressant effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation monotherapy at the bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for medication and standard transcranial magnetic stimulation-resistant major depression: a three arm, randomized, double blind, sham-controlled pilot study.
tdcs at home for depressive disorders: an updated systematic review and lessons learned from a prematurely terminated randomized controlled pilot study.
intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
identifying neurophysiological markers of intermittent theta burst stimulation in treatment-resistant depression using transcranial magnetic stimulation–electroencephalography.
the longer, the better ? longer left-sided prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized sham-controlled study.
the efficacy and tolerability of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review of randomized and observational studies.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of middle-aged and elderly major depressive disorder: a randomized controlled trial.
a randomized trial comparing beam f3 and 5.5 cm targeting in rtms treatment of depression demonstrates similar effectiveness.
concurrent fmri-guided rtms and cognitive therapy for the treatment of major depressive episodes.
timing of response to standard 10 hz tms v theta burst stimulation.
transcranial direct current stimulation as an additional treatment to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder in germany (depressiondc): a triple-blind, randomised, sham-controlled, multicentre trial.
erratum: department of error (the lancet (2023) 402(10401) (545–554), (s0140673623006402), (10.1016/s0140-6736(23)00640-2)).
effect of priming on adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of late-life depression: protocol of a prospective randomized sham-controlled study.
motor cortical plasticity as a predictor of treatment response to high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for cognitive function in drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder.
bifrontal-transcranial direct current stimulation as an early augmentation strategy in major depressive disorder: a single-blind randomised controlled trial.
beyond the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in peripartum depression: a systematic review exploring perinatal safety for newborns.
efficacy of different modalities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with ssris on post-stroke depressed patients: a network meta-analysis.
brain volumetric correlates of electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
time-course of the tdcs antidepressant effect: an individual participant data meta-analysis.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
neuronavigated 20hz theta burst tms for ocd comorbid with depression and anxiety sequentially targeting rdlpfc, ldlpfc, and rofc.
quality of life improvement following deep tms for treatment-resistant depression.
trajectories of response to deep tms in major depression: results from a multicenter randomized controlled trial.
orbitofrontal cortex-hippocampus potentiation mediates relief for depression: a randomized double-blind trial and tms-eeg study.
efficacy and adverse effects of ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
non-invasive brain stimulation for treating post-stroke depression: a network meta-analysis.
an exploratory randomised controlled study on the efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
26. neurocognitive effects of adjunctive d-cycloserine and intermittent theta-burst stimulation in major depressive disorder.
3. adjunctive d-cycloserine with intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation improves suicidal ideation and implicit suicide risk in major depressive disorder.
267. outcomes from university of minnesota clinical rtms clinic for treatment-resistant depression: rtms effects on suicidal ideation as a function of baseline anhedonia.
572. transcranial direct current stimulation as add-on to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder: results: from the depressiondc trial.
8. dmpfc causal modulation of antidepressant expectancies.
219. rtms induces increases in aperiodic activity in resting-state eeg.
real-time fmri functional connectivity neurofeedback reducing repetitive negative thinking in depression: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled proof-of-concept trial.
differential effects of transcranial current type on heart rate variability during emotion regulation in internalizing psychopathologies.
effects of left anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity in depression: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
bilateral theta-burst stimulation on emotional processing in major depressive disorder: a functional neuroimaging study from a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) add-on therapy to a standard treatment in individuals with multiple sclerosis and concomitant symptoms of depression—results from a randomized clinical trial and pilot study.
investigating the efficacy of dual stimulation of tdcs and rtms neuro-modulation therapy of major depression.
the priming effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating major depressive disorder: an umbrella review and re-analysis of published meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials.
comparison of efficacy and safety of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review.
safety and efficacy of continuous theta burst "intensive" stimulation in acute-phase bipolar depression: a pilot, exploratory study.
macroscopic resting state model predicts theta burst stimulation response: a randomized trial.
augmenting the unified protocol with transcranial direct current stimulation: effects on emotion regulation and executive dysfunction.
a comparison between two rtms protocols as augmentation strategies in patients with treatment resistant depression.
adjunctive therapy of text4support for treatment- resistant depression patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a multicenter randomized controlled pilot trial.
assessing the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of treatment resistant depression: a scoping review.
when the saint goes marching in - a novel transcranial magnetic stimulation protocol shows miraculous promise.
efficacy and clinical and neuroimaging biomarkers of response of two intensive and spaced treatment protocols of theta burst magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression.
efficacy of two intensive and spaced protocols of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatmentresistant depression: a double-blind randomized trial.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (atms) vs standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of major depressive episodes. preliminary data of a randomized, single-blind, controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in depression induces structural plasticity.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effect of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on improving depression and modulating functional activity in emotion-related cortical-subcortical regions in bipolar depression.
effects of neuronavigation-guided rtms on serum bdnf, trkb and vgf levels in depressive patients with suicidal ideation.
examining the synergistic effects of a cognitive control video game and a home-based, self-administered non-invasive brain stimulation on alleviating depression: the discover trial protocol.
apparent lack of benefit of combining repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with internet-delivered cognitive behavior therapy for the treatment of resistant depression: patient-centered randomized controlled pilot trial.
subjective cognitive complaints and subjective cognition following electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
bdnf blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with mood disorders: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
a pilot randomized sham controlled trial of bilateral itbs for depression and executive function in older adults.
differential symptom cluster responses to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression.
preservation of spatial cognitive functioning in depressed patients treated with bilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
optimized hd-tdcs protocol for clinical use in patients with major depressive disorder.
closed-loop phase-locked rtms treatment decreases global cortical excitability in major depressive disorder patients.
predictive value of mri-informed brain age matrices to rtms effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression.
rtms combined with cbt as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
modest early reduction in depression severity predicts treatment non-response with 10 hz and accelerated theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
home-based transcranial direct current stimulation combined with behavioral therapy delivered through smartphone to treat major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
heart-brain coupling in a randomized controlled trial of stanford neuromodulation therapy: preliminary results and future directions.
combining metacognitive therapy and tdcs: preliminary results in patients with major depressive disorder.
to prime or not to prime: a pilot randomised control study on effect of adjunctive priming rtms in late life depression.
individualized intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment of mdd.
is individual variability in electrical field distribution related to demographic factors or clinical outcomes for treatment-resistant depression treated with rtms ?.
radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder.
white matter microstructure predicts tdcs antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study.
cognitive outcomes of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled study.
a systematic review assessing patient-related predictors of response to transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder.
efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review.
the cognitive effects of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-onset depression: a randomized controlled trial with 4 week follow-up.
home-administered transcranial direct current stimulation with asynchronous remote supervision in the treatment of depression: feasibility, tolerability, and clinical effectiveness.
driving-related cognitive skills during antidepressant transcranial direct current stimulation: results in a subsample from the depressiondc trial.
an electric field modeling study with meta-analysis to understand the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
effect of escitalopram combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on efficacy and attention function of patients with first-episode unipolar depression.
comparing the anti-depressive effect of electroconvulsive therapy ect versus transcranial magnetic stimulation tms in the treatment of patients with depression.
predictors of electroconvulsive therapy outcome in major depressive disorder.
comparative efficacy, cognitive effects and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapies for the treatment of depression: protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder: results from a randomized controlled trial.
erratum: efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial (jama psychiatry (2022) doi: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2022.3255).
efficacy of adjunctive d -cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of ketamine vs electroconvulsive therapy among patients with major depressive episode: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
vagally mediated heart rate variability is associated with executive function changes in patients with treatment-resistant depression following magnetic seizure therapy.
rtms combined with cbt as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a study protocol for a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches.
predicting treatment response using eeg in major depressive disorder: a machine-learning meta-analysis.
suicidality and relief of depressive symptoms with intermittent theta burst stimulation in a sham-controlled randomized clinical trial.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (hd-tdcs) as augmentation therapy in late-life depression (lld) with suboptimal response to treatment—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial.
optimal parameter determination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of adjunctive intensive transcranial direct current stimulation of different cortices in treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol for a randomized double-blinded sham-controlled trial.
efficacy of adjunctive d-cycloserine to intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
personalized connectivity-based accelerated tms therapy for bipolar depression: preliminary outcomes.
sham response in transcranial magnetic stimulation depression trials is increasing over time.
clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder.
combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effectiveness of standard sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs bilateral theta burst stimulation in older adults with depression: the four-d randomized noninferiority clinical trial.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on pain and emotion of patients with neuropathic pain.
effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram on patients with post-stroke depression.
comparative study of low-dose ketamine infusion and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a posthoc pooled analysis of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies.
the association between sample and treatment characteristics and the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression of sham-controlled trials.
the relationship between depression and pain during acute electroconvulsive therapy and follow-up period for patients with treatment-resistant depression.
dual observation naturalistic tms study comparing h1 and figure-8 coil outcomes (dont h8).
effectiveness of high frequency rtms stimulation with the h7 coil over the mpfc versus with the h1 coil over the dlpfc in patients with mdd: a multicenter randomized controlled non-inferiority trial.
very low-level transcranial photobiomodulation . for major depressive disorder: the elated-3 multicenter, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation improves heart rate variability.
treatment of depression in the elderly with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using theta-burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ameliorated sleep disorder and hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis dysfunction in subjects with major depression.
cortical excitatory and inhibitory correlates of the fronto-limbic circuit in major depression and differential effects of left frontal brain stimulation in a randomized sham-controlled trial.
acceptability, safety and tolerability of antidepressant repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents: a mixed-methods investigation.
negative cognitive schema modification as mediator of symptom improvement after electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
brain stimulation and other biological non-pharmacological interventions in mental disorders: an umbrella review.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) accelerates onset time of beneficial treating effects and improves clinical symptoms of depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation promotes response inhibition in patients with major depression during the stop-signal task.
high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of major depressive disorder with anxious distress: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
inflammatory cytokines changed in patients with depression before and after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment.
heart rate variability features as predictors of intermittent theta-burst stimulation response in posttraumatic stress disorder.
accelerated itbs changes perfusion patterns in medication resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation shows longitudinal improvements in memory in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
efficacy of augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy with transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: a randomized clinical trial.
the discover trial - first look at patient training and their expectations regarding a new, innovative treatment.
is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation really effective in the treatment of major depression? - results of a meta-analysis.
suicidality during neuromodulation in the elderly depressed: study design.
improved safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy compared with standard electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group pilot trial.
can daytime transcranial direct current stimulation treatment change the sleep electroencephalogram complexity of rem sleep in depressed patients? a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation: a systemic review and meta-analysis.
effect of high frequency versus theta-burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidality in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
mechanisms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on post-stroke depression: a resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
the effectiveness of high-frequency left dlpfc-rtms on depression, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility in female subjects with major depressive disorder.
depressive symptom dimensions and response trajectories in electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
adjunctive d-cycloserine with intermittent theta-burst stimulation: a randomized placebo-controlled trial in major depressive disorder.
p342. modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs).
p 49 polysymptomatic tms treatment with the h1 coil compared to the figure of 8 coil leads to more uniform changes across symptom clusters in patients with major depression disorder.
intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) versus 10 hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) to alleviate treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial (theta-dep).
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function in patients with stress-related depression: a randomized double-blind fmri and 1h-mrs study.
critical role of rhythms in prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
the efficacy of non-invasive, non-convulsive electrical neuromodulation on depression, anxiety and sleep disturbance: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms for depression in borderline personality disorder: a pilot randomized crossover trial.
safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in unipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials.
electroconvulsive therapy, electric field, neuroplasticity, and clinical outcomes.
daily prefrontal closed-loop repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) produces progressive eeg quasi-alpha phase entrainment in depressed adults.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidal ideation in treatment-resistant depression: a meta-analysis.
effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-ht1a receptors on dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment resistant depression.
a response to yet another defence of ect in the absence of robust efficacy and safety evidence.
a preliminary study of precise treatment for major depression patients with suicide ideation by individualized targeted robot assisted stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of 3 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation devices for depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
ten sessions of 30 min tdcs over 5 days to achieve remission in depression: a randomized pilot study.
efficacy of deep tms with the h1 coil for anxious depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for geriatric depression.
effect of self-administered transcranial direct stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, single-blinded clinical trial.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for reducing suicidal ideation in depression: a meta-analysis.
predictive roles of brain-derived neurotrophic factor val66met polymorphism on antidepressant efficacy of different forms of prefrontal brain stimulation monotherapy: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
transcranial direct current stimulation over the prefrontal cortex in depression modulates cortical excitability in emotion regulation regions as measured by concurrent functional magnetic resonance imaging: an exploratory study.
deep brain stimulation of the “medial forebrain bundle”: a strategy to modulate the reward system and manage treatment-resistant depression.
anatomical and fmri-network comparison of multiple dlpfc targeting strategies for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of depression.
individual interregional perfusion between the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation targets and the subgenual anterior cortex predicts response and remission to aitbs treatment in medication-resistant depression: the influence of behavioral inhibition.
posb288 efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of major depressive disorder after two pharmacotherapy treatment failure: meta-analysis of randomized sham controlled trials.
a double-blind randomized sham control study to assess the effects of rtms (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) on executive functioning in treatment resistant depression.
efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
a study protocol for an ongoing multi-arm, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial with digital features, using portable transcranial electrical stimulation and internet-based behavioral therapy for major depression disorders: the psylect study.
modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity after intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: combining findings from fnirs and fmri.
safety of electro-convulsive therapy in combination with duloxetine in treatment-resistant depressive patients: a randomized clinical trial.
brain perfusion patterns as clinical (non) predictor to aitbs treatment in medication-resistant depression.
differences in efficacy of h1-coil and 8-coil hr rtms on different dimensions of major depressive disorder: pooled sample from 2016-2022 studies in psychiatric clinic sveti ivan.
gender differences in the efficacy of rtms treatment on major depressive disorder.
bi-frontal tdcs can improve facial emotion recognition in major depressive disorder: an exploratory pilot study.
accelerated dtms in the elderly depressed: preliminary insights on safety, tolerability and applicability.
two rtms sessions per week: a practical approach for treating major depressive disorder.
accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation (atms) to treat depression with treatment switching: study protocol of a pilot, randomized, delayed-start trial.
adjunctive nonconvulsive electrotherapy for patients with depression: a systematic review.
treatment of mixed depression with theta-burst stimulation (tbs): results from a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial.
comparative efficacy and cognitive function of magnetic seizure therapy vs. electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
confirmatory efficacy and safety trial of magnetic seizure therapy for depression (crest-mst): study protocol for a randomized non-inferiority trial of magnetic seizure therapy versus electroconvulsive therapy.
antidepressant efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in antidepressant-nonresponding bipolar depression: a single-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
habitual caffeine consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of dorsomedial intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation.
confirmatory efficacy and safety trial of magnetic seizure therapy for depression (crest-mst): protocol for identification of novel biomarkers via neurophysiology.
long-term risk of developing dementia after electroconvulsive therapy for affective disorders.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with severe depression: a study protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials.
no antidepressant effects of low intensity transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields for treatment resistant depression.
a randomized sham controlled comparison of once vs twice-daily intermittent theta burst stimulation in depression: a canadian rtms treatment and biomarker network in depression (cartbind) study.
stanford neuromodulation therapy (snt): a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.
evidence for nibs in post-stroke and vascular depression.
does synchronizing tms pulses with eeg alpha phase improve the antidepressant efficacy of prefrontal tms?.
a comparison of symptom-specific resting state functional connectivity biomarkers of 10 hz and itbs-rtms in treatment-resistant depression.
app-based psychological interventions and home-use brain stimulation for depression (psylect).
intermittent theta-burst stimulation reduces amygdala activation during perception of negative picture stimuli in depression.
the influence of sample and treatment characteristics on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression.
electrophysiological and behavioral effects of bilateral and unilateral rtms on rumination and depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of bipolar depression.
the consortium of researchers for ect (core) - past, present and future.
overview of a large transcranial magnetic stimulation patient outcomes database.
treatment of major depressive disorder with bilateral theta burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial (tbs-d).
can the addition of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy to pharmacotherapy improve relapse prevention in severe major depressive disorder? a randomized controlled trial.
clinical applications of brain-oscillation synchronized brain stimulation.
local and remote perfusion changes after aitbs treatment in depressed patients.
characteristics of attention bias in patients with depression disorder, and the influence of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy on the attention bias.
magnitude of the placebo response across treatment modalities used for treatment-resistant depression in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
therapeutic efficacy of connectivity-directed transcranial magnetic stimulation on anticipatory anhedonia.
neurophysiological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in treatment resistant depression.
accelerated theta burst stimulation for the treatment of depression: a randomised controlled trial.
a patient-oriented analysis of pain side effect: a step to improve the patient's experience during rtms?.
comparison of left unilateral tms treatment vs. sequential bilateral treatment in a large registry cohort.
analysis of multi-center mdd trials indicates direct, polysymptomatic effect of rtms on depression and anxiety with h1-coil and delayed, indirect effect on anxiety with figure-8 coil.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus sham ect for depression: do study limitations invalidate the evidence (and mean we should stop using ect)?.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder in older adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
a preliminary study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of first-episode late-life depression.
determinants of sham response in tdcs depression trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of concussion: a systematic review.
cortical thickness in the right anterior cingulate cortex relates to clinical response to left prefrontal accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation: an exploratory study.
efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
dorsomedial prefrontal theta burst stimulation to treat anhedonia, avolition, and blunted affect in schizophrenia or depression – a randomized controlled trial.
parsing the antidepressant effects of non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacotherapy: a symptom clustering approach on elect-tdcs.
unchanged cognitive performance and concurrent prefrontal blood oxygenation after accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: a sham-controlled study.
magnetic seizure therapy for treatment-resistant depression.
effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) on cognition.
improved pre-attentive processing with occipital rtms treatment in major depressive disorder patients revealed by mmn.
impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on theory of mind and executive function in major depressive disorder and its correlation with brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
in-vivo imaging of targeting and modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation: a randomized clinical trial.
reduce depression and anxiety in methadone users with transcranial direct current stimulation.
theta burst stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation on cognitive functioning and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of neuromodulation procedures in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation transcranial magnetic stimulation increases gaba in the medial prefrontal cortex: a preliminary sham-controlled magnetic resonance spectroscopy study in acute bipolar depression.
ontario health technology assessment series: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for people with treatment-resistant depression: a health technology assessment.
speed of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: effects of electrode placement.
treatment effect variability in brain stimulation across psychiatric disorders: a meta-analysis of variance.
cortical thickness changes following accelerated neuromodulation therapy for treatment-resistant depression predict depression scores at one-month.
structural network plasticity after rtms treatment in depression.
targeting the reconsolidation of traumatic memories with electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder.
a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial of accelerated intermittent theta-burst (aitbs) for treatment-resistant depression.
structural changes induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in depression.
comparison of prolactin and cortisol response to magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
targeting location relates to treatment response in active but not sham rtms stimulation.
treatment for major depressive disorder by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in different parameters: a randomized double-blinded controlled trial.
influence of an adjuvant antidepressant on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomised trial with neurophysiological insight.
a systematic review of ketamine for the treatment of depression among older adults.
effect of electrode placement on speed of response to ect.
efficacy of active vs sham intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
effects of tdcs on neuroplasticity and inflammatory biomarkers in bipolar depression: results from a sham-controlled study.
efficacy and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
distinct trajectories of response to prefrontal tdcs in major depression: results from a 3-arm randomized controlled trial.
right unilateral versus bilateral formula-based electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients: a randomised, open label, pilot controlled trial.
a direct comparison of neuronavigated and non-neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of depression.
p.301 bilateral theta-burst stimulation improves affective symptoms but not executive functions in major depressive disorder.
active placebo, the parachute meta-analysis, the nobel prize, and the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy.
cognitive outcomes of the bipolar depression electrical treatment trial (better): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
a pilot investigation of accelerated deep transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols in treatment-resistant depression.
prefrontal resting-state connectivity and antidepressant response: no associations in the elect-tdcs trial.
electroconvulsive therapy pulse amplitude and clinical outcomes.
a double-blind randomized clinical trial of high frequency rtms over the dlpfc on nicotine dependence, anxiety and depression.
efficacy and safety of tdcs and tacs in treatment of major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind, factorial placebo-controlled study design.
efficacy, safety and tolerability of formula-based unilateral vs bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression: a randomized open label controlled trial.
is tdcs a potential first line treatment for major depression?.
appraising the effectiveness of electrical and magnetic brain stimulation techniques in acute major depressive episodes: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials.
task-related functional magnetic resonance imaging-based neuronavigation for the treatment of depression by individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the visual cortex.
impact of active and sham bifrontal rtms on cholinergic system in treatment-resistant depression and connection to treatment response: a preliminary study.
accurate dlpfc targeting improves itbs response in treatment resistant depression and alters tms-eeg markers of cortical excitation.
antidepressant response of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy: response trajectories by symptom clusters.
low-frequency rtms inhibits the anti-depressive effect of ect. a pilot study.
double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects of standard ultra-brief right unilateral ect to 0.5 a low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st).
a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar disorder.
low frequency right sided and high frequency left sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: the evidence of equivalence.
long-term symptom relief in severe treatment-resistant depression using subcallosal cingulate dbs.
transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment to cognitive-behavior therapy in first episode drug-naïve major depression patients: the esap study protocol.
influence of transcranial direct current stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression.
treating major depression and comorbid disorders with transcranial magnetic stimulation.
transcranial direct current stimulation: a novel approach in the treatment of vascular depression.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary motor cortex relieves musculoskeletal pain in patients with parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a novel way of augmentation?.
individualized theta-burst stimulation modulates hippocampal activity and connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (saint-trd) induces rapid remission from treatment-resistant depression in a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.
systematic review and meta-analysis comparing itbs vs. tms vs. sham in randomized controlled trials.
audio-guided mindfulness meditation during tms sessions for the treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd): a feasibility pilot study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain: treating comorbid pain and depression pilot study.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for pain, headache and co-morbid depression: ins-nans expert consensus panel review and recommendation.
comparison of rapid antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of intramuscular ketamine, oral ketamine, and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a pilot study.
neuroimaging in the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for patient with depression: a protocol for a coordinate-based meta-analysis.
neuronavigation-guided rtms for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
effects of bilateral transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and global cognition in older patients with remitted major depression: a pilot randomized clinical trial.
response shift in self-reported depression outcomes during treatment-resistant depression.
intermittent theta burst stimulation over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex modulates resting-state connectivity in depressive patients: a sham-controlled study.
a randomized controlled trial of a standard 4-week protocol of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe treatment resistant depression.
plasma circular rna dym related to major depressive disorder and rapid antidepressant effect treated by visual cortical repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
the flow brain stimulation headset for the treatment of depression: overview of its safety, efficacy and portable design.
accelerated itbs treatment applied to the left dlpfc in depressed patients results in a rapid volume increase in the left hippocampal dentate gyrus, not driven by brain perfusion.
a two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial comparing focal electrically-administered seizure therapy (feast) and right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (rul-ubp ect).
pain trajectories of dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation versus sham treatment in depression.
the therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in elderly depression patients.
impact of comorbid ptsd on outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) for veterans with depression.
connectivity guided theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant moderate to severe depression: study protocol for a randomised double-blind controlled trial (brightmind).
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in depressed hemodialysis patients: a pilot study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depressive episodes.
intermittent theta-burst stimulation moderates interaction between increment of n-acetyl-aspartate in anterior cingulate and improvement of unipolar depression.
effects of transcranial direct current stimulation using miniaturized devices vs sertraline for depression in korea: a 6 week, multicenter, randomized, double blind, active-controlled study.
stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (saint) remissionrates in treatment resistant depression.
the effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on sleep quality and depression symptoms in patients with major depression and insomnia.
transcranial magnetic stimulation to reduce suicidality – a review and naturalistic outcomes.
a randomized controlled trial of video psychoeducation for electroconvulsive therapy in the united states.
efficacy, safety, and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation in mixed depression: design, rationale, and objectives of a randomized, double- blinded, sham-controlled trial.
pharmacological, psychological and non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for preventing depression after stroke.
global connectivity and local excitability changes underlie antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
evaluation of the effects of rtms on self-reported quality of life and disability in treatment-resistant depression: a three-d study.
predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: an analysis from the randomised non-inferiority three-d trial.
coffee consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation.
grey matter covariance predicts response to rtms in depression.
use of eeg signals to understand variability in rtms treatment.
double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects & antidepressant efficacy of standard ultra brief pulse right unilateral (ubp-rul) ect versus low amplitude-titrated seizure therapy (lap-st).
convergent multimodal imaging biomarkers of transmodal antidepressant treatment response: preliminary findings.
resting-state functional connectivity predicted age difference in major depressive disorder is associated with attentional impulsivity and antidepressant response to transcranial magnetic stimulation.
factor structure of the hamilton depression rating scale during electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy in the treatment of major depression.
distinct symptom-specific treatment targets for circuit-based neuromodulation.
efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis.
efficacy and tolerability of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
cost-utility analysis of curative and maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant unipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial protocol.
baseline structural brain characteristics are correlated with clinical response to accelerated itbs in depression patients.
multimodal imaging in elect-tdcs: associations of cortical structure and functional connectivity with depression outcomes after tdcs treatment.
treatment refractoriness in rtms and tbs trials: findings from a large meta-analysis.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
effects of bdnf genotypes on the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression : a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
individualized theta-burst stimulation of parietal-hippocampal functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder.
ect amplitude and clinical outcomes.
safety, tolerability, and nocebo phenomena during transcranial magnetic stimulation: a systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled clinical trials.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in office workers with treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial.
antidepressant efficacy of prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation monotherapy for recurrent depression and comparison of methods for coil positioning: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study.
neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy (ect) and venlafaxine in geriatric depression: phase 1 of the pride study.
dorsomedial prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-refractory major depressive disorder: a three-arm, blinded, randomized controlled trial.
cost–utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in ontario.
neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in unipolar and bipolar depression: findings from an international randomized controlled trial.
effects of low-dose ketamine on the antidepressant efficacy and suicidal ideations in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy.
baseline functional connectivity may predict placebo responses to accelerated rtms treatment in major depression.
cognitive changes after tdcs and escitalopram treatment in major depressive disorder: results from the placebo-controlled elect-tdcs trial.
augmenting the unified protocol for transdiagnostic treatment of emotional disorders with transcranial direct current stimulation in individuals with generalized anxiety disorder and comorbid depression: a randomized controlled trial.
a pilot study of transcranial alternating current stimulation in the treatment of drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder.
association of bdnf, htr2a, tph1, slc6a4, and comt polymorphisms with tdcs and escitalopram efficacy: ancillary analysis of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for the first episode of major depressive disorder.
modulation of the prefrontal blood oxygenation response to intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: a sham-controlled study with functional near-infrared spectroscopy.
shorter recovery times and better cognitive function—a comparative pilot study of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive episodes.
comparative efficacy of rtms as an augmentation strategy in treatment resistant depression in military personnel.
a randomized study comparing the short-term neurocognitive outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of patients with depression.
effectiveness of emotional memory reactivation vs control memory reactivation before electroconvulsive therapy in adult patients with depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
neuronavigated transcranial magnetic stimulation for prodromal dementia with major depression.
measuring change in anhedonia using the “happy faces” task pre- to post-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) treatment to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depressive disorder (mdd): relation to empathic happiness.
p.838 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression in schizophrenia: focus on cognitive functions.
p.337 efficacy and safety of unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression in elderly patients: a randomized trial.
feasibility of computerized cognitive-behavioral therapy combined with bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of major depression.
placebo aitbs attenuates suicidal ideation and frontopolar cortical perfusion in major depression.
study protocol for a parallel-group, double-blinded, randomized, controlled, noninferiority trial: the effect and safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy (hybrid-ect) compared with routine electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression.
a review of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the individualized treatment of depressive symptoms.
magnetic seizure therapy: towards personalized seizure therapy for major depression.
impact of prior treatment on remission with intermittent theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression.
feasibility and clinical effects of theta burst stimulation in youth with major depressive disorders: an open-label trial.
twice-daily neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: a randomized sham-controlled pilot study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: a double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
excess significance bias in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation literature for neuropsychiatric disorders.
efficacy and safety of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for poststroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
does rtms on brain areas of mirror neurons lead to higher improvements on symptom severity and empathy compared to the rtms standard procedure? – results from a double-blind interventional study in individuals with major depressive disorders.
multicenter randomized controlled trial of bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
anesthetic regimen impacts duration of post-ictal generalized electroencephalographic suppression following electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures.
advancing noninvasive brain stimulation for depression with personalised treatment approaches.
antidepressant effects of tdcs are associated with prefrontal gray matter volumes at baseline: evidence from the elect-tdcs trial.
effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a randomized clinical trial of 37.5-minute vs 18.75-minute protocol.
transcranial magnetic stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex for psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
implementation of intermittent theta burst stimulation compared to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment resistant depression: a cost analysis.
effect of multi-session trans-cranial direct current stimulation of dorsolateral prefrontal area on depression and drowsines in patients with multiple sclerosis.
efficacy of bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placements when using electroconvulsive therapy to treat chinese patients with major depressive disorder.
a systematic review of the safety and effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of peripartum depression.
neural predictors of treatment response to brain stimulation and psychological therapy in depression: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
frontal haemodynamic responses in depression and the effect of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder.
association of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment with subgenual cingulate hyperactivity in patients with major depressive disorder: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression with comorbid anxiety disorders.
transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder. a randomized clinical trial.
intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in major depression modulates resting-state connectivity: preliminary findings from a sham controlled trial.
improved functional brain anomalies after personalized rtms relative to classical rtms and tdcs in resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression–analysis of the first technical data from a blind selection of active tdcs sessions.
once daily versus twice daily theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of major depression disorder.
new avenues in brain stimulation treatments for major depression: efficacy, acceptability, and translation of novel treatments into clinical practice.
state of the art and future perspectives on the use of non-invasive neuromodulation in peripartum psychiatric disorders.
unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression.
deep transcranial magnetic stimulation attenuates depressive and anxiety symptoms associated with obesity.
theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results.
combination theta-burst stimulation and cognitive training for youth depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression and risk of treatment emergent mania: an updated meta-analysis.
antidepressant response along latent symptom dimensions associated with longitudinal structural covariance in electroconvulsive therapy.
alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
antidepressant effects of tdcs are associated with prefrontal grey matter volumes at baseline: evidence from the elect-tdcs trial.
a randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic, treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
antidepressant outcomes of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) with f8-coil and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) with h1-coil in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
baseline effective connectivity predicts response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
adjunctive ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
trajectories of response to dorsolateral prefrontal rtms in major depression: a three-d study.
magnitude of reduction and speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a pilot double-blinded randomized clinical trial.
therapeutic role of transcranial direct current stimulation in alzheimer disease patients: double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation increases serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor and decreases interleukin-1β and tumor necrosis factor-α in elderly patients with refractory depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury: a randomized, controlled, double-blinded pilot study.
analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on modified 2010 criteria-diagnosed fibromyalgia: pilot study.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) improves neurocognitive function in bipolar disorder.
treatment resistant depression with partial effect of electroconvulsive treatment achieving long lasting remission with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation – a case report.
theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results (should be attached to symposium “transdiagnostic theta burst stimulation - the future is now” by dr noah philip).
transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: an updated meta-analysis of individual patient data.
ect seizure parameter modulation with bupropion: a pilot study.
effective factors of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: meta-(regression) analysis.
eeg oscillations response to dual-target rtms therapy of parkinson disease and co-occuring depression.
clinical outcomes with intermittent theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a three-d report.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity.
mmse during ect in late-life depression: useful or useless?.
dorsomedial prefrontal rtms as a treatment for treatment-resistant depression: a 3-arm, sham-controlled trial.
personalized rtms reduce functional brain anomalies in resistant depression while classical rtms and tdcs have no effect: preliminary results.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in older adults with depression.
magnitude of reduction & speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral ect.
proceedings #3: effects of combining transcranial direct current stimulation with mindfulness training in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a pilot study.
the effect of intermittent theta-burst stimulation on the depressed brain: a sham controlled study with near-infrared spectroscopy.
are side effect trajectories during rtms for depression associated to treatment response?.
proceedings #51: 4 ma adaptive transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: early demonstration of feasibility with a 20-session course.
alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left dlpfc in depression using real-time eeg-triggered tms.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression in pregnancy: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
clinical effects of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive emotional training in patients with treatment resistant depression.
functional connectivity changes with targeted rtms of the dorsal attention network in tbi-associated depression.
depressive symptoms reduction following intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex is related to resting-state connectivity modulation: preliminary findings from a double blinded sham controlled trial.
accelerated tms for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
predictors of response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder.
administration of sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine and electroconvulsive treatment on alternate week days in patients with treatment resistant depression: a double blind placebo controlled trial.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) vs. ketamine in patients with treatment-resistant depression: the elekt-d study protocol.
cognitive effects of non-surgical brain stimulation for major depressive disorder: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.
randomized controlled trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation in pregnant women with major depressive disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
(no) rtms in non-treatment refractory patients with depression: findings from a meta-analysis.
segregation of salience network predicts treatment response of depression to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials over 2 decades.
the efficacy of miniaturized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression.
transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) versus venlafaxine er in the treatment of depression: a randomized, double-blind, single-center study with open-label, follow-up.
target determination for transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with a pharmacotherapy-resistant depressive episode based on the individual parameters of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (a pilot blind controlled trial).
antidepressant effects of ketamine and ect: a pilot comparison.
a non-inferiority framework for cost-effectiveness analysis.
depression in parkinson's disease: how best to treat it.
cost-utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in ontario.
psychotherapyplus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder—study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial.
the impact of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on bipolar depression, mania, and euthymia: a systematic review of preliminary data.
neurocognitive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with a 2-coil device in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
concomitant transcranial direct current stimulation with ultrabrief electroconvulsive therapy: a 2-week double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
bifrontal active and sham rtms in treatment-resistant unipolar major depression.
alternate day dtms combined with ssris for chronic treatment resistant depression: a prospective multicenter study.
pre-treatment attentional processing speed and antidepressant response to transcranial direct current stimulation: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
electroconvulsive therapy for older adult patients with major depressive disorder: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
decreasing treatment duration of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) using daily right unilateral ultrabrief instead of bitemporal ect.
accelerated itbs treatment in depressed patients differentially modulates reward system activity based on anhedonia.
association of the loudness dependence of auditory evoked potentials with clinical changes to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression.
the effectiveness of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in anhedonia among patient with major depressive disorder: a pilot study.
efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a prospective randomized controlled trial.
response and remission rates following high-frequency vs. low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) over right dlpfc for treating major depressive disorder (mdd): a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind trials.
effects of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation on brain function in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized sham-controlled neuroimaging study.
efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials.
ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy for depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy does not cause more cognitive impairment than pharmacologic treatment in treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a 6-month randomized controlled trial follow-up study.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the acute depressive episode: a systematic review of current knowledge.
effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on treatment-resistant major depression in us veterans: a randomized clinical trial.
a two-site, open-label, non-randomized update, suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (feast) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ubp-rul ect).
plasma biomarkers in a placebo-controlled trial comparing tdcs and escitalopram efficacy in major depression.
effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neural response to affective pictures: a randomized, sham-controlled fmri study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of bipolar depression: preliminary data.
cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder: an individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials.
cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy vs pharmacotherapy/psychotherapy for treatment-resistant depression in the united states.
left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rtms in alleviating mtbi related headaches and depressive symptoms.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
ketamine-based anesthesia improves electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: a randomized-controlled study.
cognitive and neurophysiological recovery following electroconvulsive therapy: a study protocol.
a pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression.
exploring alternative rtms strategies in non-responders to standard high frequency left-sided treatment: a switching study.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
electroconvulsive therapy in the continuation and maintenance treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analyses.
clinical results from the theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-d) randomized non-inferiority trial.
resting-state fmri predictors and mechanisms of rtms treatment response: neuroimaging results of the three-d study.
concurrent antidepressant use is not associated with different rtms treatment outcomes for major depressive disorder in a sham-controlled trial.
resting-state eeg source analysis in depressed patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates depressive symptoms and suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity.
speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st) versus right unilateral ultra-brief ect.
effect of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on corticol excitability in patients with major depression.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases suicidal ideation in depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
testing cortical rtms targets to improve psychomotor slowing in schizophrenia and major depression in a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation of 20- and 30-minutes combined with sertraline for the treatment of depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in depression and psychosis: a systematic review.
neural response after a single ect session during retrieval of emotional self-referent words in depression: a randomized, sham-controlled fmri study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on placebo response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression trials.
vascular risk factors in older patients with depression: outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus medication.
effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life in elderly depressed patients: a randomized clinical trial.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression after basal ganglia ischaemic stroke: protocol for a multicentre randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
a novel dual-channel deep transcranial magnetic stimulator for major depressive disorder.
brain choline in major depression: a review of the literature.
effectiveness of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression and parkinson’s disease: a meta-analysis of randomized, controlled clinical trialsd.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
safety and preliminary efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in ms-related fatigue.
transcranial direct current stimulation based on quantitative electroencephalogram combining positive psychotherapy for major depression.
electroconvulsive treatment for geriatric depression: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials.
efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using an h1-coil or figure-8-coil in the treatment of unipolar major depressive disorder: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
consensus recommendations for the clinical application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of depression.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of interventions for major depression in older persons: protocol for bayesian network meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in tbi.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training in the treatment of apathy in patients with alzheimer’s disease: study protocol for a randomized trial.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depression induces decreases in modularity: a connectome analysis.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in hemodialysis patients-pilot study.
prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) as treatment for major depression: study design and methodology of a multicenter triple blind randomized placebo controlled trial (depressiondc).
a randomized, sham-controlled study of maintenance rtms for treatment-resistant depression (trd).
treatment of bipolar depression with deep tms: results from a double-blind, randomized, parallel group, sham-controlled clinical trial.
inter and intra-hemispheric structural imaging markers predict depression relapse after electroconvulsive therapy: a multisite study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with venlafaxine for major depressive disorder with comorbid anxiety and insomnia: a controlled polysomnographic and diffusion mri study.
cognitive enhancing effects of rtms administered to the prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of individual task effects.
feasibility, safety, and preliminary efficacy of low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st): a proof of concept clinical trial in man.
modulation of oscillatory synchrony as a biomarker for treatment outcome in major depressive disorder.
electric field characteristics of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms).
safety and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes: analysis of individual patient data.
single-session transcranial direct current stimulation induces enduring enhancement of visual processing speed in patients with major depression.
subgenual anterior cingulate–medial orbitofrontal functional connectivity in medication-resistant major depression: a neurobiological marker for accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment?.
non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treatment-resistant major depression (trmd) veteran patients: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
rtms with a two-coil array: safety and efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
effectiveness of supplementary cognitive-behavioral therapy for pharmacotherapy-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for depression in traumatic brain injury.
abnormal functional connectivity within resting-state networks is related to rtms-based therapy effects of treatment resistant depression: a pilot study.
randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with paroxetine for the treatment of patients with first-episode major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct-current stimulation (tdcs) for bipolar depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
efficacy of theta burst stimulation (tbs) for major depression: an exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials.
low-intensity transcranial current stimulation in psychiatry.
beyond home use medical device: transcranial direct current stimulation combined with digital healthcare.
a comparison of dexmedetomidine with propofol versus esmolol with propofol to attenuate the hemodynamic stress responses after electroconvulsive therapy.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
the impact of melatonin on the alleviation of cognitive impairment during electroconvulsive therapy: a double-blind controlled trial.
ketamine as the anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy: the kanect randomised controlled trial.
individualized connectome mapping to target rtms for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury.
ketamine augmentation of electroconvulsive therapy to improve neuropsychological and clinical outcomes in depression (ketamine-ect): a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, parallel-group, superiority trial.
right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for geriatric depression: results of the pride study.
baseline resting-state fmri biomarkers of depression response to dlpfc-rtms: different patterns of functional connectivity predict response to 10 hz rtms and intermittant tbs.
efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment resistant late-life depression.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) decreases suicidality in adults with treatment resistant depression.
repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales.
efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in unipolar and bipolar depression: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
controlled clinical trial of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) and ect: a medication-free study.
effect of rtms on resting-state functional con-nectivity in patients with major depression.
neurocognitive predictors of antidepressant efficacy to transcranial direct current stimulation: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in unipolar and bipolar depression: results from an international randomized controlled trial.
neural, cognitive, and clinical effects of prefrontal cortex stimulation in depression combined with psychological therapy: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
comparative efficacy and tolerability of pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
comparative efficacy and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and multiple-treatments meta-analysis.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dlpfc for major depression: session-dependent efficacy: a meta-analysis.
treatment-emergent mania/hypomania during antidepressant treatment with transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
cortico-cortical and cortico-striatal resting-state functional connectivity differentially predicts response to 10 hz rtms and intermittent tbs to the dlpfc.
behavioural and neurophysiological effects of transcranial electrical stimulation (tes) in healthy and depressed individuals: a tms-eeg study.
rtms in depression-accelerating response to therapy.
preliminary results from a randomized sham-controlled trial of augmentative neuro-navigated right-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for antidepressant non-responding bipolar depression.
response to high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is unaffected by number of treatment sessions in major depression: a systematic meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials.
low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of depression: results from an openlabel extension study.
brain influences of accelerated rtms in major depression.
designing a transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) device and its clinical certification through a randomized double-blind controlled trial in depressive patients.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: an assessor blind, randomized controlled trial.
the relationship between the individual alpha frequency (iaf) and response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd).
clinically-relevant outcomes of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in unipolar major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in alzheimer's disease patient-preliminary data from the ongoing randomized controlled trial.
design of the theta burst versus high frequency rtms effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-d) noninferiority trial.
systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of bitemporal versus high-dose right unilateral ect for depression.
how brief should brief be? an update on ultrabrief pulse ect.
focal and spatially-targeted ect: comparison of mst and feast.
in search of optimal site for 10 hz rtms depression treatment: a clinical and physiological comparison.
evidence for using rtms among older adults with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review.
notes on human trials of transcranial direct current stimulation between 1960 and 1998.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes a systematic review with network meta-analysis.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for alleviating clinical symptoms and suicidal ideation in elderly depressive patients: a randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) and 10-hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
two versus one high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation session per day for treatment-resistant depression.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
neural connectivity of treatment resistant mood disorders.
is electroconvulsive therapy for depression more effective than placebo? a systematic review of studies since 2009.
electroconvulsive therapy modulates plasma pigment epithelium-derived factor in depression: a proteomics study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: recent findings and perspectives.
rtms in elderly patients.
psychotherapyplus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (cbt) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in major depressive disorder: study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo controlled trial.
design and methods of an ongoing randomized controlled study of tdcs in major depression: the depressiondc trial.
the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognitive control and emotion regulation in depressed patients.
a multimodal investigation on the biological markers associated with the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation.
the impact of accelerated hf-rtms on neurochemicals in major depression: insights from 1h mr spectroscopy.
imagery guided personalized robotic rtms in depression: preliminary results of a feasibility study.
clinical application of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms) in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation has different short-term efficacy on different major depressive disorder symptoms: a nested prospective cohort study in croatia.
efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with and without the brainsway h1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder: presentation of the protocol and interim analysis.
a randomized controlled trial of rtms augmentation in depression.
remifentanil in electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
tdcs for the treatment of depression: a comprehensive review.
health related quality of life after ect for depression: a study exploring the role of different electrode-placements and pulse-widths.
systematic review of randomized controlled trials of candidate treatments for cognitive impairment in depression and methodological challenges in the field.
neuromodulation treatments for geriatric mood and cognitive disorders.
electroconvulsive therapy modulates neural response to emotional faces in depressed patients: a randomized controlled fmri study.
neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine in elderly adults with major depressive disorder.
motor cortical excitability as a biological predictor and mediator of depression improvement.
transcranial magnetic stimulation affects intrinsic connectivity networks in depression.
right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ect in geriatric depression: phase 1 of the pride study.
a novel strategy for continuation ect in geriatric depression: phase 2 of the pride study.
study design and methodology for a multicentre, randomised controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation as a treatment for unipolar and bipolar depression.
treating clinical depression with repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation using the brainsway h1-coil.
effects of hesel-coil deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression – a systematic review.
effect of memantine on cognitive status in geriatrics under electroconvulsive therapy, a double-blind randomized clinical trial.
psychosis is different-microrna and vegfa changes in depression treated with ect.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for suicide risk in therapy-resistant depressed patients: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
canadian network for mood and anxiety treatments (canmat) 2016 clinical guidelines for the management of adults with major depressive disorder: section 4. neurostimulation treatments.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
cognitive effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients a randomized, controlled trial.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on major depressive disorder in patients with parkinson’s disease.
unilateral and bilateral mri-targeted repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatmentresistant depression: a randomized controlled study.
electrophysiological correlates of bilateral and unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with bipolar depression.
early complete remitters after electroconvulsive therapy profile and prognosis.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: meta-analysis of individual patient data.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for the treatment of post-stroke depression: results from a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial.
the clinical tms society consensus review and treatment recommendations for tms therapy for major depressive disorder.
accelerated theta burst stimulation in treatment resistant major depressive disorder: a fast road to remission?.
different forms of prefrontal theta burst stimulation for executive function of medication- resistant depression: evidence from a randomized sham-controlled study.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression.
the influence of treatment modality on long-term neurocognitive functioning in treatment resistant bipolar depressed inpatients treated with pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy.
structural plasticity of the hippocampus and amygdala induced by electroconvulsive therapy in major depression.
exploring the efficacy of a 5-day course of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) on depression and memory function in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.
cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression: results from the select-tdcs trial and insights for further clinical trials.
non-pharmacological somatic treatments for bipolar depression.
levels of serum immunomodulators and its alteration with electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression.
a randomized sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
comparing the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life.
can medication free, treatment-resistant, depressed patients who initially respond to tms be maintained off medications? a prospective, 12-month multisite randomized pilot study.
connectivity analysis of eeg in depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure.
the impact of age on cognitive deficits following ect for depression-results from the effect-dep trial.
comparative efficacy of ketamine and other pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis.
study protocol for the randomised controlled trial: ketamine augmentation of ect to improve outcomes in depression (ketamine-ect study).
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) in the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and tolerability.
abnormal anterior cingulate n-acetylaspartate and executive functioning in treatment-resistant depression after rtms therapy.
graph theoretical analysis of peritreatment resting eeg in depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy.
examining the role of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing anxiety symptoms comorbid with major depressive disorder by using h-coil technology in a naturalistic clinical study.
the effect-dep trial - a randomised trial of bitemporal and high-dose unilateral ect for depression (isrctn23577151).
efficacy and cognitive side effects of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ntr1304).
cognitive-behavioural therapy as continuation treatment to sustain response after electroconvulsive therapy in depression (nct00437385).
sustained effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in moderate to severe depression.
plasma levels of soluble tnf receptors 1 and 2 after tdcs and sertraline treatment in major depression: results from the select-tdcs trial.
neuromodulation therapies for geriatric depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for the treatment of depression in parkinson disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials.
relapse and long-term cognitive performance after brief pulse or ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a multicenter naturalistic follow up.
effects of comt, drd2, bdnf, and apoe genotypic variation on treatment efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease.
a preliminary evaluation of the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating a depressive episode in bipolar ii disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: a meta-analysis of individual patient data.
can we use brain oscillations to guide treatment of mdd?.
investigating the predictive value of subgenual cingulate cortex activity in beneficial clinical outcome in patients with major depression receiving accelerated hf-rtms.
2-coil array rtms for treatment resistant major depression: results from the cervel sham-controlled feasibility study.
a randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation and resting state connectivity in depression.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
magnetic seizure therapy in treatment-resistant depression: clinical, neuropsychological and metabolic effects.
age as a risk factor for predicting cognitive deficits following ect.
effects of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy on acute memory retrieval.
transcranial electric stimulation and neurocognitive training in clinically depressed patients: a pilot study of the effects on rumination.
effect of a 10-day trigeminal nerve stimulation (tns) protocol for treating major depressive disorder: a phase ii, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial.
durability of the antidepressant effect of the high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the absence of maintenance treatment in major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trials.
effects of acute transcranial direct current stimulation in hot and cold working memory tasks in healthy and depressed subjects.
theta-burst stimulation: a new form of tms treatment for depression?.
bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
assessment of non-bdnf neurotrophins and gdnf levels after depression treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation in a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial (select-tdcs): an exploratory analysis.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
comparison of propofol, etomidate, and thiopental in anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: a randomized, double-blind clinical trial.
the acdc pilot trial: targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rtms for the treatment of depression.
treatment-resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy versus algorithm-based pharmacological treatment.
speed of remission in elderly patients with depression: electroconvulsive therapy v. medication.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
rtms of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for major depression: safety, tolerability, effectiveness, and outcome predictors for 10 hz versus intermittent theta-burst stimulation.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
the impact of accelerated hf-rtms on the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression: insights from <sup>18</sup>fdg pet brain imaging.
pilot study of feasibility of the effect of treatment with tdcs in patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression treated with escitalopram.
the bipolar depression electrical treatment trial (better): design, rationale, and objectives of a randomized, sham-controlled trial and data from the pilot study phase.
qeeg theta cordance in the prediction of treatment outcome to prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or venlafaxine er in patients with major depressive disorder.
antidepressive treatments for parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
a randomized controlled trial of brief and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
the escitalopram versus electric current therapy for treating depression clinical study (elect-tdcs): rationale and study design of a non-inferiority, triple-arm, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adult and youth populations: a systematic literature review and meta-analysis.
investigating the synergistic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and cranial electrical stimulation in treatment of major depression in a double blinded controlled trial.
dual arm randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression-interim analysis.
antidepressant effect of combined ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy on patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatry - update 2015.
efficacy, relaps and cognitive side effects after brief pulse and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive the for major depression: a randomised double blind controlled study.
intermittent theta-burst versus 10 hz left dorsolateral prefrontal rtms for treatment resistant depression: preliminary results from a two-site, randomized, single blind noninferiority trial.
tms is a cost effective alternative to antidepressant medication in pharmacoresistant major depression: a propensity-score matched health economic analysis.
reduction of pain-related symptoms with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment in depressed patients.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: antidepressant efficacy and three-month follow-up.
retraining the brain to beat depression: tdcs and cognitive control training.
non invasive brain stimulation therapy restores neuroplasticity in depression.
a randomized controlled comparison of neuro-navigated unilateral vs sequential bilateral rtms for treatment resistant depression.
tms therapy and pre-and post-qeeg in recurrent major depression disorder.
the efficacy and safety of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: singleblind, randomized study.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive episode with poor drug-response: a comparative study between different protocols of high and low frequency stimulation.
the key role of the subgenual cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression and accelerated hf-rtms.
safety and efficacy of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder.
the relationship between treatment parameters and efficacy with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analytic study.
rtms using summation of electromagnetic fields from a two-coil array: efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder.
the differential effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on autobiographical memory specificity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmentative strategy for treatment-resistant depression, a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled study.
relapse prevention after index electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression.
efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized sham-controlled study.
effects of electroconvulsive stimulation on p11 promoter methylation in humans and rats.
bilateral vs. unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treatment of major depression during pregnancy: study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial.
the efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: the results from a large multicenter french rct.
cognitive control therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: a randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial.
modulation of cortical activity by transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with affective disorder.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
more female patients and fewer stimuli per session are associated with the short-term antidepressant properties of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): a meta-analysis of 54 sham-controlled studies published between 1997-2013.
tdcs as a monotherapy for depression: results from a randomized clinical trial and follow-up study.
tdcs as an add-on therapy: the augmentative role of tdcs for the treatment of depression.
ultrabrief right unilateral ect in geriatric depression: antidepressant and cognitive outcomes.
a randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in patients with major depression-interim analysis.
effectiveness of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
deep transcranial magnet stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis-a clinical phase iiia study.
neuromodulation for treatment of severe and resistant psychiatric disorders, state of the art.
comparison between high and low frequency repetitive tms in the acute treatment of drug-resistant major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment studies in depression and anxiety disorders.
differential effect of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
rapid antidepressant effects of repeated doses of ketamine compared with electroconvulsive therapy in hospitalized patients with major depressive disorder.
treatment of major depression with bilateral theta burst stimulation: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
comparison of blinding effectiveness between sham tdcs and placebo sertraline in a 6-week major depression randomized clinical trial.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
differential improvement in depressive symptoms for tdcs alone and combined with pharmacotherapy: an exploratory analysis from the sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study.
a systematic review and meta-analysis of trials of treatment of depression from india.
concurrent cognitive control training augments the antidepressant efficacy of tdcs: a pilot study.
accelerated hf-rtms in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: insights from subgenual anterior cingulate functional connectivity.
can transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) alleviate symptoms and improve cognition in psychiatric disorders?.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
cognitive effects of treatment of depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
enhancement of affective processing induced by bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with major depression.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
comparing effects of ketamine and thiopental administration during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind study.
improvement in quality of life with left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with pharmacoresistant major depression: acute and six month outcomes.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the right prefrontal cortex combined with partial sleep deprivation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
no change in neuropsychological functioning after receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depression.
bdnf plasma levels after antidepressant treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation: results from a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
a two-site pilot randomized 3 day trial of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for suicidal inpatients.
impact of two or less missing treatment sessions on tdcs clinical efficacy: results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial in major depression.
a systematic review of the clinical relevance of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
interest of targeting either cortical area brodmann 9 or 46 in rtms treatment for depression: a preliminary randomized study.
evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms).
electroconvulsive therapy and aerobic exercise training increased bdnf and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from treatment-resistant major depressive disorder.
response, remission and drop-out rates following high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
high frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for replacing treatment of depression by electroconvulsive therapy: a meta analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depressive disorder - a randomized, single-blind, antidepressants-controlled study.
the acute effects of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicide risk in unipolar depression: preliminary results.
the efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: the results from a large multicenter french rct.
protocol for depression treatment utilizing h-coil deep brain stimulation.
the effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neurocognitive function in treatment-resistant bipolar disorder depression.
left versus right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: a meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder: a systematic review protocol.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis of stimulus parameter effects.
enhancement of rtms neuromodulatory effects with novel waveforms demonstrated via controllable pulse parameter tms (ctms).
a two-site pilot study suggests that three days (9 sessions) of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) is feasible, safe, and reduces suicidal thinking in suicidal inpatients.
the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on verbal learning and memory.
dose-remission of pulsating electromagnetic fields as augmentation in therapy-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind controlled study.
impact of 5-httlpr and bdnf polymorphisms on response to sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation: implications for the serotonergic system.
the painfulness of active, but not sham, transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases rapidly over time: results from the double-blind phase of the opt-tms trial.
relapse following successful electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: a meta-analysis.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the prevention of relapse of depression: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces depression relapse: a propensity-adjusted analysis.
combined left-and right-prefrontal rtms in depression: theta-burst vs. tonic rtms vs. sham stimulation.
modulation of healthy and disturbed cognitive control with transcranial direct current stimulation.
therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression. a double-blind shamcontrolled study.
rtms in the management of depression subtypes-an analysis of 160 cases.
efficacy of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review.
serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor are unchanged after transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
effects of s-ketamine as an anesthetic adjuvant to propofol on treatment response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized pilot study.
effects on cognitive function in treatment resistant bipolar depression: ect compared to algorithm based pharmacological treatment.
electroconvulsive therapy (ect) versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacoresistant drug-free patients with unipolar non-psychotic chronic and severe depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for depression: analysis of response using a three-factor structure of the montgomery-åsberg depression rating scale.
the sertraline versus electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study (select-tdcs): results of the crossover and follow-up phases.
acute antidepressant effects of right unilateral ultra-brief ect: a double-blind randomised controlled trial.
efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) versus electroconvulsive therapy (ect) for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression during pregnancy.
blinding integrity in randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
risk-benefit & decision analyses of electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in treatment refractory depression.
treatment resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy and algorithm based pharmacological treatment.
randomized controlled trial assessing the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder in pregnancy.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the assessment of motor cortex excitability and treatment of drug-resistant major depression.
deep transcranial magentic stimualtion for the treatment of major depression: a large multi center study.
cognition-engineered enhancement of anterior cingulate function in boosting antidepressant efficacy: a randomized controlled pilot study.
a randomized, blinded, sham, controlled crossover pilot study of transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar depression.
safety and therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
acute effects on autobiographical and subjective memory with right unilateral high-dose 0.3 ms ultra-brief and 1 ms brief pulse ect: a double-blind randomised controlled trial.
amelioration of cognitive control in depression by transcranial direct current stimulation.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
acute working memory improvement after tdcs in antidepressant-free patients with major depressive disorder.
clinically meaningful efficacy and acceptability of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating primary major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
efficacy of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ect): data from phase 1 of the pride study.
left dorsolateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms): sleep factor changes during treatment in patients with pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder.
study the effects of neuroplasticity on major depression disorder in rtms combined with antidepressant treatments.
electroconvulsive therapy device classification: response to fda advisory panel hearing and recommendations.
high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates and enhances the clinical response to antidepressants in major depression: a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trials.
the sertraline vs electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study.
diagnosis and treatment of depression following traumatic brain injury.
new brain stimulation methods in psychiatry: tdcs for the treatment of depression.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
clinical utility of transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.
a systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy and acceptability of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for treating major depression.
equivalent brain spect perfusion changes underlying therapeutic efficiency in pharmacoresistant depression using either high-frequency left or low-frequency right prefrontal rtms.
low-vs high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for refractory depression.
physical treatments.
comparison of ictal electroencephalogram between ultrabrief- and brief-pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: a multitaper jackknife analysis.
comparison of the neurocognitive effects between acute course magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy: a preliminary report.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical, social, and cognitive performance in postpartum depression.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a meta-analysis.
ultra-high-frequency left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as augmentation in severely ill patients with depression: a naturalistic sham-controlled, double-blind, randomized trial.
treatment of depression by rtms: do the neuro-anatomic criteria matter?.
efficacy of memoral herbal on prevention of electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment in mood disorder patients (isfahan - iran 2011).
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
effects of propofol and ketamine as combined anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive disorder.
sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial (select tdcs): results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial.
ect attenuates the rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine.
ect efficacy and treatment course: a systematic review and meta-analysis of twice vs thrice weekly schedules.
systematic review and meta-analysis of bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy versus bilateral and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in depression.
can repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation prolong the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation?.
efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar versus unipolar major depression: a meta-analysis.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram in young patients with first-episode major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
treatment resistant bipolar depression: a randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases white matter fa in the left middle frontal gyrus in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
theta-patterned, frequency-modulated priming stimulation enhances low-frequency, right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depression: a randomized, sham-controlled study.
comparison of antidepressant effects between brief and ultrabrief pulse unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: brief report of a randomized double-blind trial.
baseline brain metabolism in resistant depression and response to transcranial magnetic stimulation.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of major depressive disorder, a randomized controlled clinical trial.
relapse rates in psychotic depression are lower than in non-psychotic depression after a successful course of electroconvulsive therapy (ect).
low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) for major depressive disorder: a systematic review.
a randomised controlled study of ultra-brief electroconvulsive therapy at eight times seizure threshold.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamicpituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of mood disorders.
physical treatments for bipolar disorder: a review of electroconvulsive therapy, stereotactic surgery and other brain stimulation techniques.
blinding success of rtms applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in randomised sham-controlled trials: a systematic review.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
stimulus pulse-frequency-dependent efficacy and cognitive adverse effects of ultrabrief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression - question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems.
[repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressant medication in treatment of first-episode patients with major depression].
antidepressant effects, of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy, in treatment-resistant depression.
age predicts low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in major depression.
efficacy and tolerability of different stimulation parameters of augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of drug-resistant depression.
systematic reviews to support evidence-based psychiatry: what about ect for depression?.
low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation inferior to electroconvulsive therapy in treating depression.
fractional anisotropy changes after several weeks of daily left high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex to treat major depression.
effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression.
eeg synchronized tms for individualized therapy in major depressive disorder.
transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) of the prefrontal cortex in therapy-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebocontrolled study.
efficacy of repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the visual cortex in the prophylaxis of menstrual migraine.
efficacy of adjunctive high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left prefrontal cortex in depression: a randomized sham controlled study.
sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial - select tdcs: design, rationale and objectives.
subgenual cingulate theta activity predicts treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in participants with vascular depression.
the neurostar tms device: conducting the fda approved protocol for treatment of depression.
evaluation of ect effectiveness in depressive disorders.
the efficacy of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant unipolar and bipolar depression.
the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy: a literature review.
durability of clinical benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: assessment of relapse during a 6-month, multisite, open-label study.
increased sensitivity for angry faces in depressive disorder following 2 weeks of 2-hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex.
comparison of efficacy and effect on memory in a randomised controlled trial of 6 times threshold brief pulse and ultra brief pulse right unilateral ect.
longitudinal efficacy of tms treatment in depression.
left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patient with major depressive disorder, randomized sham controlled study.
the impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study.
clinical predictors and drugs interactions of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms).
transcranial low voltage pulsed electromagnetic fields in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
should we expand the toolbox of psychiatric treatment methods to include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms)? a meta-analysis of the efficacy of rtms in psychiatric disorders.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
impact of hyperventilation on stimulus efficiency during the early phase of an electroconvulsive therapy course: a randomized double-blind study.
therapeutic efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressions of the elderly: a review.
the study protocol of the norwegian randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in medication resistant major depression.
the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms ) on major depression and neuroimaging changes after rtms.
oculometry as indicator of treatment efficacy in mdd.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
daily left prefrontal tms for major depression: a sham-controlled multi-site randomized trial (nih optimization of tms for depression study, opt-tms).
randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
efficacy of magnetic seizure therapy in depression.
differences in the antidepressant effect of right and left repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation assessed item by item with hamilton depression rating scale.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: cognitive side-effects.
influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression.
meeting the challenge of resistant depression.
recent advances in ect and other brain stimulation techniques for treatment resistant depression.
efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in depression: a randomnised sham controlled study.
efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in unipolar and bipolar depression: a randomized sham controlled study.
electroconvulsive therapy, practice and evidence.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
sham or real-post hoc estimation of stimulation condition in a randomized transcranial magnetic stimulation trial.
influence of prefrontal target region on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with medication-resistant depression: a [18f]-fluorodeoxyglucose pet and mri study.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
propofol interruption of ect seizure to reduce side-effects: a pilot study.
quantitative review of the efficacy of slow-frequency magnetic brain stimulation in major depressive disorder.
the use of background eeg activity to determine stimulus timing as a means of improving rtms efficacy in the treatment of depression: a controlled comparison with standard techniques.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
ect. a critical review of meta-analyses.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders.
the right-sided, low frequency (1 hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of resistant depression compared with venlafaxine er. the results of the double-blind, randomized study.
translational development strategy for magnetic seizure therapy.
more lateral and anterior prefrontal coil location is associated with better repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation antidepressant response.
a study of the effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression in patients who have not responded to right-sided stimulation.
bifrontal ect: a systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and cognitive impact.
effect of concomitant pharmacotherapy on electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: short-term efficacy and adverse effects.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
acute effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on attentional control are related to antidepressant outcomes.
partial clinical response to 2 weeks of 2 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex in depression.
opposite effects of high and low frequency rtms on mood in depressed patients: relationship to baseline cerebral activity on pet.
ultra-brief pulse ect in bipolar and unipolar depressive disorder: differences in speed of response.
response to rtms in resistant depressed patients, and baseline fluorodeoxyglucose-pet in prefrontal and limbic regions.
bilateral transcranial magnetic stimulation: does adding right low frequency diminish the antidepressant effect of left high frequency treatment.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: examination of cognitive function during acute treatment.
a randomized trial of rtms targeted with mri based neuro-navigation in treatment-resistant depression.
a single session of rtms over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex influences attentional control in depressed patients.
a randomized trial of the anti-depressant effects of low- and high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.
cerebrovascular disease and depression: a double whammy.
is baseline medication resistance associated with potential for relapse after successful remission of a depressive episode with ect? data from the consortium for research on electroconvulsive therapy (core).
decreasing procedural pain over time of left prefrontal rtms for depression: initial results from the open-label phase of a multisite trial (opt-tms).
prediction of antidepressant response in both 2.25 × threshold rul and fixed high dose rul ect.
daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: clinical predictors of outcome in a multisite, randomized controlled clinical trial.
cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a health economics analysis.
right-sided, 1-hz repetitive tms compared with venlafaxine extended-release in the treatment of resistant depression: a double-blind study.
effects of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with eeg-dependent stimulus timing in the treatment of depression.
influencing cognitive deficit in patients with depressive disorder by means of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) under conditions of single blind randomized study.
incomplete response in late-life depression: getting to remission.
double - blind, parallel, randomized study comparing efficacy of 1 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) and venlafaxine er in the treatment of resistant depression: discussion on study protocol.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and metaanalysis.
moderate hyperventilation prolongs electroencephalogram seizure duration of the first electroconvulsive therapy.
cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: a multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
ect maintenance therapy in recurrent depression.
a new strategy of continuation pharmacotherapy in the prevention of relapse following ect: a controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic therapy in the complex treatment of affective disorders in patients with alcoholism.
outcome of electroconvulsive therapy by race in the consortium for research on electroconvulsive therapy multisite study.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
a randomized-controlled trial of bilateral rtms for treatment-resistant depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
treatment of vascular depression using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in combination with escitalopram in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. a double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
the efficacy of acute electroconvulsive therapy in atypical depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: clinical response in an open-label extension trial.
treatment-emergent mania in unipolar and bipolar depression: focus on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a comprehensive summary of safety experience from acute exposure, extended exposure, and during reintroduction treatment.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
focal electrical stimulation as a sham control for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: does it truly mimic the cutaneous sensation and pain of active prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation?.
electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a review with recommendations for future research.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
patients with a major depressive episode responding to treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) are resistant to the effects of rapid tryptophan depletion.
unexpected reduction in migraine and psychogenic headaches following rtms treatment for major depression: a report of two cases.
antidepressant medication treatment failure does not predict lower remission with ect for major depressive disorder: a report from the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy.
a report on mood and cognitive outcomes with right unilateral ultrabrief pulsewidth (0.3 ms) ect and retrospective comparison with standard pulsewidth right unilateral ect.
right prefontal low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the treatment of depressive disorder.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
go-no-go task performance improvement after anodal transcranial dc stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
the clinical effectiveness and cost of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression: a multicentre pragmatic randomised controlled trial and economic analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces pain in patients with major depression: a sham-controlled study.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
a randomized, controlled trial with 6-month follow-up of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: potential new treatment for resistant depression.
efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: a review.
factors modifying the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a review.
a randomized trial of low-frequency right-prefrontal-cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation as augmentation in treatment-resistant major depression.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
daily and spaced treatment with transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a pilot study.
the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms and the p300 event-related potential.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
safety and efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a critical appraisal of the last 10 years.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in adolescent depression.
high (20-hz) and low (1-hz) frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation as adjuvant treatment in medication-resistant depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
the sham ect literatures: implications for consent to ect.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
does rtms hasten the response to escitalopram, sertraline, or venlafaxine in patients with major depressive disorder? a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
an attempt to increase the rate and magnitude of the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms). a pilot study.
effects of remifentanil and alfentanil on seizure duration, stimulus amplitudes and recovery parameters during ect.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapeutic tool in psychiatry.
antidepressant effects of different schedules of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. clomipramine in patients with major depression: relationship to changes in cortical excitability.
evaluation of frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression and neurologic impairment.
clinical and cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy for depressive illness, schizophrenia, catatonia and mania: systematic reviews and economic modelling studies.
efficacy of rapid-rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates the antidepressant effect of amitriptyline in severe depression: a double-blind placebo-controlled study.
fatty acid concentrations in depressive patients during a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms).
new brain stimulation methods as antidepressant treatment: a research update.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
a 3-month, follow-up, randomized, placebo-controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
interventional effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with depression after traumatic brain injury.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy: complementary or competitive therapeutic options in depression?.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation does not potentiate antidepressant treatment.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as fluoxetine in the treatment of depression in patients with parkinson's disease.
no deterioration of cognitive performance in an aggressive unilateral and bilateral antidepressant rtms add-on trial.
effect of ect stimulus parameters on seizure physiology and outcome.
seizure expression during electroconvulsive therapy: relationships with clinical outcome and cognitive side effects.
speed of response and remission in major depressive disorder with acute electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a consortium for research in ect (core) report.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
control study on the effect of hyperxia solution on cognitive impairment after electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of the treatment of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as treatment of poststroke depression: a preliminary study.
no benefit derived from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a prospective, single centre, randomised, double blind, sham controlled "add on" trial.
neurobiological findings and clinical results: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) of the prefrontal cortex in depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
the efficacy and safety of ect in depressed older adults: a literature review.
safety and feasibility of magnetic seizure therapy (mst) in major depression: randomized within-subject comparison with electroconvulsive therapy.
the relationship between changes in learning and memory after right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
add-on rtms for treatment of depression: a pilot study using stereotaxic coil-navigation according to pet data.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: systematic review and meta-analysis.
antidepressant efficacy of two different rtms procedures: high frequency over left versus low frequency over right prefrontal cortex compared with sham stimulation.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: a pilot study of acute safety and efficacy.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
neurobiological findings and clinical results: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex in depression.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
potential new brain stimulation therapies in bipolar illness: transcranial magnetic stimulation and vagus nerve stimulation.
a randomized comparison of high-charge right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in older depressed patients who failed to respond to 5 to 8 moderate-charge right unilateral treatments.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression.
right unilateral and bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression: a preliminary study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
three and six-month outcome following courses of either ect or rtms in a population of severely depressed individuals - preliminary report.
sleep deprivation in depression - stabilizing antidepressant effects by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
lack of adverse cognitive effects of 1 hz and 20 hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at 100% of motor threshold over left prefrontal cortex in depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression and other psychiatric disorders.
prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add on treatment in depression.
a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
acute mood and thyroid stimulating hormone effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
ect in bipolar and unipolar depression: differences in speed of response.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
nicardipine improves the antidepressant action of ect but does not improve cognition.
substitution of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments for electroconvulsive therapy treatments in a course of electroconvulsive therapy.
treatment of bipolar depression, a review of the literature and a suggestion for an algorithm.
opposite effects of high and low frequency rtms on regional brain activity in depressed patients.
prediction of the utility of a switch from unilateral to bilateral ect in the elderly using treatment 2 ictal eeg indices.
electrical dose and seizure threshold: relations to clinical outcome and cognitive effects in bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral ect.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
quantitative eeg during seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy: relations to treatment modality and clinical features. i. global analyses.
quantitative eeg during seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy: relations to treatment modality and clinical features. ii. topographic analyses.
comparison of unlimited numbers of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) and ect treatment sessions in major depressive episode.
balancing speed of response to ect in major depression and adverse cognitive effects: role of treatment schedule.
electrophysiological correlates of the adverse cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
titrated moderately suprathreshold vs fixed high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: acute antidepressant and cognitive effects.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. a method in the treatment of depressions.
discontinuation of antidepressant drugs during electroconvulsive therapy: a controlled study.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of nondelusional major depressive disorder: an open study.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
post-seizure eeg fractal dimension of first ect predicts antidepressant response at two weeks.
a trial to determine any difference between two and three times a week ect in the rate of recovery from depression.
low frequency daily left prefrontal rtms improves mood in bipolar depression: a placebo-controlled case report.
the treatment of psychotic depression.
prolactin response to electroconvulsive therapy: effects of electrode placement and stimulus dosage.
cost and benefit in the choice of ect schedule: twice versus three times weekly ect.
electroconvulsive therapy vs. paroxetine in treatment-resistant depression - a randomized study.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
quantifying the speed of symptomatic improvement with electroconvulsive therapy: comparison of alternative statistical methods.
transcranial magnetic stimulation: a novel antidepressive strategy?.
the effects of electroconvulsive therapy on quantitative electroencephalograms: relationship to clinical outcome.
experimental studies of the therapeutic action of electroconvulsive therapy in endogenous depression: the role of the electrical stimulation and of the seizure studied by variation of stimulus intensity and modification by lidocaine of seizure discharge.
who responds to electroconvulsive therapy? a comparison of effective and ineffective forms of treatment.
rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in drug-resistant depression.
electroconvulsive therapy and resistant depression: clinical implications of seizure threshold.
comparison of propofol and methohexitone in anaesthesia for ect: effect on seizure duration and outcome.
transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) in the treatment of major depression - a pilot study.
the ictal eeg as a marker of adequate stimulus intensity with unilateral ect.
antidepressant and cognitive effects of twice- versus three-times-weekly ect.
which depressed patients respond to ect? the nottingham results.
comparison of the efficacy of titrated, moderate-dose and fixed, high- dose right unilateral ect in elderly patients.
the antidepressant efficacy of high-dose nondominant long-distance parietotemporal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy.
twice versus thrice weekly ect in melancholia: a double-blind prospective comparison.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
weekly ect in geriatric depression.
time dependent therapeutic effects of single electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in endogenous depression.
who benefits from electroconvulsive therapy? combined results of the leicester and northwick park trials.
is old-fashioned electroconvulsive therapy more efficacious? a randomised comparative study of bilateral brief-pulse and bilateral sine-wave treatments.
effects of unilateral-nondominant vs. bilateral ect on memory and depression: a preliminary report.
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
comparative effectiveness of detoxication hemosorption and ect in endogenous depressive patients with resistance to tricyclic antidepressant treatment.
an efficacy study of single- versus double-seizure induction with ect in major depression.
lateralized hemispheric mechanisms and the antidepressant effects of right and left unilateral ect.
ergoloid mesylates and ect.
effects of electrode placement on the efficacy of titrated, low-dose ect.
acute effects of ect on cardiovascular functioning: relations to patient and treatment variables.
missed and brief seizures during ect: differential response between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
electroconvulsive therapy in 1985. a review.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
effects of ect and depression on various aspects of memory.
bilateral versus unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: efficacy in melancholia.
a double-blind controlled comparison of the therapeutic effects of low and high energy electroconvulsive therapies.
electric convulsion therapy in depression: a double-blind controlled trial.
comparison of nondominant unilateral and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. clinical efficiency and side effects.
the northwick park electroconvulsive therapy trial.
unilateral and bilateral ect in elderly patients. a comparative study.
influence of tryptophan on memory functions in depressive patients treated with unilateral ect.
double-blind controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy (e.c.t.) and simulated e.c.t. in depressive illness.
a controlled comparison of simulated and real ect.
diencephalic stimulation and the effects of ect in endogenous depression.
a controlled comparative trial of unilateral and bilateral sinusoidal and pulse e.c.t. in endogenous depression.
electroconvulsive therapy and the diencephalon: a preliminary report.
unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. investigations into the therapeutic effect in endogenous depression.
.
there are 50 target papers found during the search in pubmed!.
they are:.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
in the end, 48 target papers were left after filtering!.
the number of target article missing is: 2.
false positive rate: 0.4661682242990654.
false negative rate: 0.04.

Included target articles are as follow:
antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression.
intensive hf-rtms treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients.
the combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
a randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression.
clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: a pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial.
a randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression.
effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (three-d): a randomised non-inferiority trial.
a randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients.
lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression.
electroconvulsive therapy: results in depressive illness from the leicestershire trial.
trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression.
superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rtms: add-on rtms for subjects with medication-resistant depression.
preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (ctbs) in major depression: a double-blind sham-controlled study.
augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation.
accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: a fast road to remission?.
clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ect): a short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression.
left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
a randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.
a randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression.
accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.
a negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rtms in the treatment of bipolar depression.
a double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression.
equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression.
a functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.
modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression.
daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: a sham-controlled randomized trial.
a controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex tms for treating depression.
mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: a placebo-controlled crossover trial.
the nottingham ect study. a double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ect in depressive illness.
a randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. the applicability of the method in a clinical setting.
treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression.
shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with eeg monitoring.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: preliminary results of a randomized trial.
a double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms): therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks.
a pilot study of the use of eeg-based synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized sham-controlled study.
slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy.
bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ect: randomised trial.
frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism.
therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: a double-blind controlled study.
the acdc pilot trial: targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rtms for the treatment of depression.
therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ect.
efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (stms) for treatment of major depression.
efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial.
efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: a randomized sham-controlled study.
double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression.
transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-week, randomised, sham-controlled trial.
international randomized-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression.
a sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rtms in major depression.
a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression.
a controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly.
markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ect versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ect: antidepressant and memory effects.
combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression.
a randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression.
left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (tms) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: a pilot study of acute safety and efficacy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: a multisite randomized controlled trial.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in major depression: relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity.
repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: comparative study of fast, slow and sham rtms.
unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?.
transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
bilateral prefrontal rtms and theta burst tms as an add-on treatment for depression: a randomized placebo controlled trial.
bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder.
comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: a randomized, single-blind study.
a symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression.
transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
a prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities.
effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial.
bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (effect-dep): a pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial.
randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: clinical efficacy.
antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rtms at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex.
antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: a double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement.
add-on rtms for medication-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in chinese patients.
short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ect.
changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression.
right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rtms treatment of refractory depression: a randomized, sham-controlled trial.
high-frequency rtms treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression.
