[Gestational diabetes mellitus (Update 2023)].; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and is associated with increased feto-maternal morbidity as well as long-term complications in mothers and the offspring. Women detected to have diabetes early in pregnancy receive the diagnosis of overt, non-gestational, diabetes (glucose: fasting ≥ 126 mg/dl, spontaneous ≥ 200 mg/dl or HbA(1c) ≥ 6.5% before 20 weeks of gestation). GDM is diagnosed by an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) or increased fasting glucose (≥ 92 mg/dl). Screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes at the first prenatal visit is recommended in women at increased risk (history of GDM/pre-diabetes; malformation, stillbirth, successive abortions or birth weight > 4500 g previously; obesity, metabolic syndrome, age > 35 years, vascular disease; clinical symptoms of diabetes (e.g. glucosuria) or ethnic origin with increased risk for GDM/T2DM (Arab, South- and Southeast Asian, Latin American)) using standard diagnostic criteria. Performance of the oGTT (120 min; 75 g glucose) may already be indicated in the first trimester in high-risk women but is mandatory between gestational week 24-28 in all pregnant women with previous non-pathological glucose metabolism. Following WHO recommendations, which are based on the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, GDM is defined, if fasting venous plasma glucose is ≥ 92 mg/dl or 1 h ≥ 180 mg/dl or 2 h ≥ 153 mg/dl after glucose loading (international consensus criteria). In case of one pathological value a strict metabolic control is mandatory. After bariatric surgery we do not recommend to perform an oGTT due to risk of postprandial hypoglycemia. All women with GDM should receive nutritional counseling, be instructed in blood glucose self-monitoring and motivated to increase physical activity to moderate intensity levels-if not contraindicated (Evidence level A). If blood glucose levels cannot be maintained in the therapeutic range (fasting < 95 mg/dl and 1 h after meals < 140 mg/dl, Evidence level B) insulin therapy should be initiated as first choice (Evidence level A). Maternal and fetal monitoring is required in order to minimize maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and perinatal mortality. Regular obstetric examinations including ultrasound examinations are recommended (Evidence level A). Neonatal care of GDM offspring at high risk for hypoglycaemia includes blood glucose measurements after birth and if necessary appropriate intervention. Monitoring the development of the children and recommendation of healthy lifestyle are important issues to be tackled for the whole family. After delivery all women with GDM have to be reevaluated as to their glucose tolerance by a 75 g oGTT (WHO criteria) 4-12 weeks postpartum. Assessment of glucose parameters (fasting glucose, random glucose, HbA(1c) or optimally oGTT) are recommended every 2-3 years in case of normal glucose tolerance. All women have to be instructed about their increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease at follow-up. Possible preventive meassures, in particular lifestyle changes as weight management and maintenance/increase of physical activity should be discussed (evidence level A).
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Diagnostic Approaches and Maternal-Offspring Complications.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring and maternal complications. For GDM screening and diagnosis, a two-step approach (1-hour 50 g glucose challenge test followed by 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test) has been widely used. After the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study implemented a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in all pregnant women, a one-step approach was recommended as an option for the diagnosis of GDM after 2010. The one-step approach has more than doubled the incidence of GDM, but its clinical benefit in reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes remains controversial. Long-term complications of mothers with GDM include type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, and complications of their offspring include childhood obesity and glucose intolerance. The diagnostic criteria of GDM should properly classify women at risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications. The present review summarizes the strengths and weaknesses of the one-step and two-step approaches for the diagnosis of GDM based on recent randomized controlled trials and observational studies. We also describe the long-term maternal and offspring complications of GDM.
Obesity and pregnancy: mechanisms of short term and long term adverse consequences for mother and child.; Obesity is the most common medical condition in women of reproductive age. Obesity during pregnancy has short term and long term adverse consequences for both mother and child. Obesity causes problems with infertility, and in early gestation it causes spontaneous pregnancy loss and congenital anomalies. Metabolically, obese women have increased insulin resistance in early pregnancy, which becomes manifest clinically in late gestation as glucose intolerance and fetal overgrowth. At term, the risk of cesarean delivery and wound complications is increased. Postpartum, obese women have an increased risk of venous thromboembolism, depression, and difficulty with breast feeding. Because 50-60% of overweight or obese women gain more than recommended by Institute of Medicine gestational weight guidelines, postpartum weight retention increases future cardiometabolic risks and prepregnancy obesity in subsequent pregnancies. Neonates of obese women have increased body fat at birth, which increases the risk of childhood obesity. Although there is no unifying mechanism responsible for the adverse perinatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity, on the basis of the available data, increased prepregnancy maternal insulin resistance and accompanying hyperinsulinemia, inflammation, and oxidative stress seem to contribute to early placental and fetal dysfunction. We will review the pathophysiology underlying these data and try to shed light on the specific underlying mechanisms.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Recent Literature Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as a state of hyperglycemia that is first recognized during pregnancy, is currently the most common medical complication in pregnancy. GDM affects approximately 15% of pregnancies worldwide, accounting for approximately 18 million births annually. Mothers with GDM are at risk of developing gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and termination of pregnancy via Caesarean section. In addition, GDM increases the risk of complications, including cardiovascular disease, obesity and impaired carbohydrate metabolism, leading to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in both the mother and infant. The increase in the incidence of GDM also leads to a significant economic burden and deserves greater attention and awareness. A deeper understanding of the risk factors and pathogenesis becomes a necessity, with particular emphasis on the influence of SARS-CoV-2 and diagnostics, as well as an effective treatment, which may reduce perinatal and metabolic complications. The primary treatments for GDM are diet and increased exercise. Insulin, glibenclamide and metformin can be used to intensify the treatment. This paper provides an overview of the latest reports on the epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of GDM based on the literature.
Pregnancy and cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease complicates 1-4% of pregnancies - with a higher prevalence when including hypertensive disorders - and is the leading cause of maternal death. In women with known cardiovascular pathology, such as congenital heart disease, timely counselling is possible and the outcome is fairly good. By contrast, maternal mortality is high in women with acquired heart disease that presents during pregnancy (such as acute coronary syndrome or aortic dissection). Worryingly, the prevalence of acquired cardiovascular disease during pregnancy is rising as older maternal age, obesity, diabetes mellitus and hypertension become more common in the pregnant population. Management of cardiovascular disease in pregnancy is challenging owing to the unique maternal physiology, characterized by profound changes to multiple organ systems. The presence of the fetus compounds the situation because both the cardiometabolic disease and its management might adversely affect the fetus. Equally, avoiding essential treatment because of potential fetal harm risks a poor outcome for both mother and child. In this Review, we examine how the physiological adaptations during pregnancy can provoke cardiometabolic complications or exacerbate existing cardiometabolic disease and, conversely, how cardiometabolic disease can compromise the adaptations to pregnancy and their intended purpose: the development and growth of the fetus.
Association between the reproductive health of young women and cardiovascular disease in later life: umbrella review.; OBJECTIVE: To consolidate evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses investigating the association between reproductive factors in women of reproductive age and their subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Umbrella review. DATA SOURCES: Medline, Embase, and Cochrane databases for systematic reviews and meta-analyses from inception until 31 August 2019. REVIEW METHODS: Two independent reviewers undertook screening, data extraction, and quality appraisal. The population was women of reproductive age. Exposures were fertility related factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Outcome was cardiovascular diseases in women, including ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, and stroke. RESULTS: 32 reviews were included, evaluating multiple risk factors over an average follow-up period of 7-10 years. All except three reviews were of moderate quality. A narrative evidence synthesis with forest plots and tabular presentations was performed. Associations for composite cardiovascular disease were: twofold for pre-eclampsia, stillbirth, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for gestational hypertension, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, and premature ovarian insufficiency; and less than 1.5-fold for early menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, ever parity, and early menopause. A longer length of breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were twofold or greater for pre-eclampsia, recurrent pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives (oestrogen and progesterone), recurrent miscarriage, premature ovarian insufficiency, and early menopause; and less than 1.5-fold for miscarriage, polycystic ovary syndrome, and menopausal symptoms. For stroke outcomes, the associations were twofold or more for current use of any oral contraceptive (combined oral contraceptives or progesterone only pill), pre-eclampsia, and recurrent pre-eclampsia; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; and less than 1.5-fold for polycystic ovary syndrome. The association for heart failure was fourfold for pre-eclampsia. No association was found between cardiovascular disease outcomes and current use of progesterone only contraceptives, use of non-oral hormonal contraceptive agents, or fertility treatment. CONCLUSIONS: From menarche to menopause, reproductive factors were associated with cardiovascular disease in women. In this review, presenting absolute numbers on the scale of the problem was not feasible; however, if these associations are causal, they could account for a large proportion of unexplained risk of cardiovascular disease in women, and the risk might be modifiable. Identifying reproductive risk factors at an early stage in the life of women might facilitate the initiation of strategies to modify potential risks. Policy makers should consider incorporating reproductive risk factors as part of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in clinical guidelines. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42019120076.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Carbohydrate Quality in Diet.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as "glucose intolerance that is first diagnosed during pregnancy". Mothers with GDM and their infants may experience both short and long term complications. Dietary intervention is the first therapeutic strategy. If good glycaemic control is not achieved, insulin therapy is recommended. There is no consensus on which nutritional approach should be used in GDM. In the last few years, there has been growing evidence of the benefits of a low glycaemic index (LGI) diet on diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of a LGI diet on GDM incidence has been investigated as well. Several studies observed a lower incidence of GDM in LGI diet arms, without adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The main positive effect of the LGI diet was the reduction of 2-h post-prandial glucose (PPG). Several studies have also evaluated the effect of the LGI diet in GDM treatment. Overall, the LGI diet might have beneficial effects on certain outcomes, such as 2-h PPG, fasting plasma glucose and lipid profile in patients with GDM. Indeed, most studies observed a significant reduction in insulin requirement. Overall, according to current evidence, the LGI nutritional approach is safe and it might therefore be considered in clinical care for GDM.
Red meat consumption, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: Observational studies show inconsistent associations of red meat consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. Moreover, red meat consumption varies by sex and setting, however, whether the associations vary by sex and setting remains unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the evidence concerning the associations of unprocessed and processed red meat consumption with CVD and its subtypes [coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, and heart failure], type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to assess differences by sex and setting (western vs. eastern, categorized based on dietary pattern and geographic region). Two researchers independently screened studies from PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published by 30 June 2022. Forty-three observational studies (N = 4 462 810, 61.7% women) for CVD and 27 observational studies (N = 1 760 774, 64.4% women) for diabetes were included. Red meat consumption was positively associated with CVD [hazard ratio (HR) 1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.16 for unprocessed red meat (per 100 g/day increment); 1.26, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.35 for processed red meat (per 50 g/day increment)], CVD subtypes, T2DM, and GDM. The associations with stroke and T2DM were higher in western settings, with no difference by sex. CONCLUSION: Unprocessed and processed red meat consumption are both associated with higher risk of CVD, CVD subtypes, and diabetes, with a stronger association in western settings but no sex difference. Better understanding of the mechanisms is needed to facilitate improving cardiometabolic and planetary health.
Transposition of the great arteries.; Transposition of the great arteries (TGA), also referred to as complete transposition, is a congenital cardiac malformation characterised by atrioventricular concordance and ventriculoarterial (VA) discordance. The incidence is estimated at 1 in 3,500-5,000 live births, with a male-to-female ratio 1.5 to 3.2:1. In 50% of cases, the VA discordance is an isolated finding. In 10% of cases, TGA is associated with noncardiac malformations. The association with other cardiac malformations such as ventricular septal defect (VSD) and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction is frequent and dictates timing and clinical presentation, which consists of cyanosis with or without congestive heart failure. The onset and severity depend on anatomical and functional variants that influence the degree of mixing between the two circulations. If no obstructive lesions are present and there is a large VSD, cyanosis may go undetected and only be perceived during episodes of crying or agitation. In these cases, signs of congestive heart failure prevail. The exact aetiology remains unknown. Some associated risk factors (gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal exposure to rodenticides and herbicides, maternal use of antiepileptic drugs) have been postulated. Mutations in growth differentiation factor-1 gene, the thyroid hormone receptor-associated protein-2 gene and the gene encoding the cryptic protein have been shown implicated in discordant VA connections, but they explain only a small minority of TGA cases.The diagnosis is confirmed by echocardiography, which also provides the morphological details required for future surgical management. Prenatal diagnosis by foetal echocardiography is possible and desirable, as it may improve the early neonatal management and reduce morbidity and mortality. Differential diagnosis includes other causes of central neonatal cyanosis. Palliative treatment with prostaglandin E1 and balloon atrial septostomy are usually required soon after birth. Surgical correction is performed at a later stage. Usually, the Jatene arterial switch operation is the procedure of choice. Whenever this operation is not feasible, adequate alternative surgical approach should be implemented. With the advent of newer and improved surgical techniques and post operative intensive care, the long-term survival is approximately 90% at 15 years of age. However, the exercise performance, cognitive function and quality of life may be impaired.
Gestational Diabetes: Importance of Follow-up Screening for the Benefit of Long-term Health.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common obstetric metabolic disorder. Long-term health consequences, including type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease, are common with GDM. Postpartum glucose screening is recommended for women with a prior GDM pregnancy. Rates of postpartum screening compliance remain low. Interventions ranging from appointment reminder systems to personalized chronic disease education are being used, emphasizing future chronic disease risk for patients with a history of GDM. With these practice changes, clinicians can more thoroughly engage in the early identification, intervention, and prevention of chronic disease for women with a history of GDM.
Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk assessment: An American Society for Preventive Cardiology clinical practice statement.; Risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) shows considerable heterogeneity both in generally healthy persons and in those with known ASCVD. The foundation of preventive cardiology begins with assessing baseline ASCVD risk using global risk scores based on standard office-based measures. Persons at low risk are generally recommended for lifestyle management only and those at highest risk are recommended for both lifestyle and pharmacologic therapy. Additional "risk enhancing" factors, including both traditional risk factors and novel biomarkers and inflammatory factors can be used to further assess ASCVD risk, especially in those at borderline or intermediate risk. There are also female-specific risk enhancers, social determinants of health, and considerations for high-risk ethnic groups. Screening for subclinical atherosclerosis, especially with the use of coronary calcium screening, can further inform the treatment decision if uncertain based on the above strategies. Persons with pre-existing ASCVD also have variable risk, affected by the number of major ASCVD events, whether recurrent events have occurred recently, and the presence of other major risk factors or high-risk conditions. Current guidelines define high to very high risk ASCVD accordingly. Accurate ASCVD risk assessment is crucial for the appropriate targeting of preventive therapies to reduce ASCVD risk. Finally, the clinician-patient risk discussion focusing on lifestyle management and the risks and benefits of evidence-based pharmacologic therapies to best lower ASCVD risk is central to this process. This clinical practice statement provides the preventive cardiology specialist with guidance and tools for assessment of ASCVD risk with the goal of appropriately targeting treatment approaches for prevention of ASCVD events.
Coffee and health: a review of recent human research.; Coffee is a complex mixture of chemicals that provides significant amounts of chlorogenic acid and caffeine. Unfiltered coffee is a significant source of cafestol and kahweol, which are diterpenes that have been implicated in the cholesterol-raising effects of coffee. The results of epidemiological research suggest that coffee consumption may help prevent several chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes mellitus, Parkinson's disease and liver disease (cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma). Most prospective cohort studies have not found coffee consumption to be associated with significantly increased cardiovascular disease risk. However, coffee consumption is associated with increases in several cardiovascular disease risk factors, including blood pressure and plasma homocysteine. At present, there is little evidence that coffee consumption increases the risk of cancer. For adults consuming moderate amounts of coffee (3-4 cups/d providing 300-400 mg/d of caffeine), there is little evidence of health risks and some evidence of health benefits. However, some groups, including people with hypertension, children, adolescents, and the elderly, may be more vulnerable to the adverse effects of caffeine. In addition, currently available evidence suggests that it may be prudent for pregnant women to limit coffee consumption to 3 cups/d providing no more than 300 mg/d of caffeine to exclude any increased probability of spontaneous abortion or impaired fetal growth.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To quantify the risk of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases as well as venous thromboembolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analyses. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library from inception to 1 November 2021 and updated on 26 May 2022. REVIEW METHODS: Observational studies reporting the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and incident cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were eligible. Data, pooled by random effects models, are presented as risk ratios (95% confidence intervals). Certainty of evidence was appraised by the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations. RESULTS: 15 studies rated as moderate or serious risk of bias were included. Of 513 324 women with gestational diabetes mellitus, 9507 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Of more than eight million control women without gestational diabetes, 78 895 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Compared with women without gestational diabetes mellitus, women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus showed a 45% increased risk of overall cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (risk ratio 1.45, 95% confidence interval 1.36 to 1.53), 72% for cardiovascular diseases (1.72, 1.40 to 2.11), and 40% for cerebrovascular diseases (1.40, 1.29 to 1.51). Women with gestational diabetes mellitus showed increased risks of incident coronary artery diseases (1.40, 1.18 to 1.65), myocardial infarction (1.74, 1.37 to 2.20), heart failure (1.62, 1.29 to 2.05), angina pectoris (2.27, 1.79 to 2.87), cardiovascular procedures (1.87, 1.34 to 2.62), stroke (1.45, 1.29 to 1.63), and ischaemic stroke (1.49, 1.29 to 1.71). The risk of venous thromboembolism was observed to increase by 28% in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (1.28, 1.13 to 1.46). Subgroup analyses of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease outcomes stratified by study characteristics and adjustments showed significant differences by region (P=0.078), study design (P=0.02), source of data (P=0.005), and study quality (P=0.04), adjustment for smoking (P=0.03), body mass index (P=0.01), and socioeconomic status (P=0.006), and comorbidities (P=0.05). The risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases was, however, attenuated but remained significant when restricted to women who did not develop subsequent overt diabetes (all gestational diabetes mellitus: 1.45, 1.33 to 1.59, gestational diabetes mellitus without subsequent diabetes: 1.09, 1.06 to 1.13). Certainty of evidence was judged as low or very low quality. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that cannot be solely attributed to conventional cardiovascular risk factors or subsequent diabetes.
The Role of Vitamin D and Its Molecular Bases in Insulin Resistance, Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, and Cardiovascular Disease: State of the Art.; In the last decade, an increasing awareness was directed to the role of Vitamin D in non-skeletal and preventive roles for chronic diseases. Vitamin D is an essential hormone in regulating calcium/phosphorous balance and in the pathogenesis of inflammation, insulin resistance, and obesity. The main forms of vitamin D, Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3) and Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) are converted into the active form (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D) thanks to two hydroxylations in the liver, kidney, pancreas, and immune cells. Some anti-inflammatory cytokines are produced at higher levels by vitamin D, while some pro-inflammatory cytokines are released at lower levels. Toll-Like Receptor (TLR) expression is increased, and a pro-inflammatory state is also linked to low levels of vitamin D. Regardless of how it affects inflammation, various pathways suggest that vitamin D directly improves insulin sensitivity and secretion. The level of vitamin D in the body may change the ratio of pro- to anti-inflammatory cytokines, which would impact insulin action, lipid metabolism, and the development and function of adipose tissue. Many studies have demonstrated an inverse relationship between vitamin D concentrations and pro-inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. It is interesting to note that several long-term studies also revealed an inverse correlation between vitamin D levels and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Vitamin D supplementation in people has controversial effects. While some studies demonstrated improvements in insulin sensitivity, glucose, and lipid metabolism, others revealed no significant effect on glycemic homeostasis and inflammation. This review aims to provide insight into the molecular basis of the relationship between vitamin D, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type 1 and 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.
The implications of exosomes in pregnancy: emerging as new diagnostic markers and therapeutics targets.; Extracellular vehicles (EVs) are a heterogeneous group of cell and membranous particles originating from different cell compartments. EVs participate in many essential physiological functions and mediate fetal-maternal communications. Exosomes are the smallest unit of EVs, which are delivered to the extracellular space. Exosomes can be released by the umbilical cord, placenta, amniotic fluid, and amniotic membranes and are involved in angiogenesis, endothelial cell migration, and embryo implantation. Also, various diseases such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction can be related to the content of placental exosomes during pregnancy. Due to exosomes' ability to transport signaling molecules and their effect on sperm function, they can also play a role in male and female infertility. In the new insight, exosomal miRNA can diagnose and treat infertilities disorders. In this review, we focused on the functions of exosomes during pregnancy. Video abstract.
Summary of Updated Recommendations for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women: JACC State-of-the-Art Review.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality for women in the United States and worldwide. There has been no American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association guideline update specifically for the prevention of CVD in women since 2011. Since then, the body of sex-specific data has grown, in addition to updated hypertension, cholesterol, diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and primary prevention guidelines. The ACC CVD in Women Committee undertook a review of the recent guidelines and major studies to summarize recommendations pertinent to women. In this update, the authors address special topics, particularly the risk factors and treatments that have led to some controversies and confusion. Specifically, sex-related risk factors, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, anticoagulation for atrial fibrillation, use of aspirin, perimenopausal hormone therapy, and psychosocial issues are highlighted.
Genetics of diabetes.; Diabetes mellitus is a complicated disease characterized by a complex interplay of genetic, epigenetic, and environmental variables. It is one of the world's fastest-growing diseases, with 783 million adults expected to be affected by 2045. Devastating macrovascular consequences (cerebrovascular disease, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral vascular disease) and microvascular complications (like retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy) increase mortality, blindness, kidney failure, and overall quality of life in individuals with diabetes. Clinical risk factors and glycemic management alone cannot predict the development of vascular problems; multiple genetic investigations have revealed a clear hereditary component to both diabetes and its related complications. In the twenty-first century, technological advancements (genome-wide association studies, next-generation sequencing, and exome-sequencing) have led to the identification of genetic variants associated with diabetes, however, these variants can only explain a small proportion of the total heritability of the condition. In this review, we address some of the likely explanations for this "missing heritability", for diabetes such as the significance of uncommon variants, gene-environment interactions, and epigenetics. Current discoveries clinical value, management of diabetes, and future research directions are also discussed.
The Dutch famine and its long-term consequences for adult health.; Small size at birth is linked with an increased risk of chronic diseases in later life. Poor maternal nutrition during gestation may contribute to restricted fetal growth, leading to increased disease susceptibility in later life. Animal studies have shown that undernutrition during gestation is associated with reduced life span and increased disease susceptibility. The Dutch famine is a unique counterpart for animal models that study the effects of restricted maternal nutrition during different stages of gestation. This paper describes the findings from a cohort study of 2414 people born around the time of the Dutch famine. Exposure to famine during any stage of gestation was associated with glucose intolerance. We found more coronary heart disease, a more atherogenic lipid profile, disturbed blood coagulation, increased stress responsiveness and more obesity among those exposed to famine in early gestation. Women exposed to famine in early gestation also had an increased risk of breast cancer. People exposed to famine in mid gestation had more microalbuminuria and obstructive airways disease. These findings show that maternal undernutrition during gestation has important effects on health in later life, but that the effects on health depend on its timing during gestation. Especially early gestation seems to be a vulnerable period. Adequate dietary advice to women before and during pregnancy seems a promising strategy in preventing chronic diseases in future generations.
MELAS.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: MELAS (mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes) is a multisystem disorder with protean manifestations. The vast majority of affected individuals develop signs and symptoms of MELAS between ages two and 40 years. Common clinical manifestations include stroke-like episodes, encephalopathy with seizures and/or dementia, muscle weakness and exercise intolerance, normal early psychomotor development, recurrent headaches, recurrent vomiting, hearing impairment, peripheral neuropathy, learning disability, and short stature. During the stroke-like episodes neuroimaging shows increased T(2)-weighted signal areas that do not correspond to the classic vascular distribution (hence the term "stroke-like"). Lactic acidemia is very common and muscle biopsies typically show ragged red fibers. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of MELAS is based on meeting clinical diagnostic criteria and identifying a pathogenic variant in one of the genes associated with MELAS. The m.3243A>G pathogenic variant in the mitochondrial gene MT-TL1 is present in approximately 80% of individuals with MELAS. Pathogenic variants in MT-TL1 or other mtDNA genes, particularly MT-ND5, can also cause this disorder. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Treatment for MELAS is generally supportive. During the acute stroke-like episode, a bolus of intravenous arginine (500 mg/kg for children or 10 g/m(2) body surface area for adults) within three hours of symptom onset is recommended followed by the administration of a similar dosage of intravenous arginine as a continuous infusion over 24 hours for the next three to five days. Coenzyme Q(10), L-carnitine, and creatine have been beneficial in some individuals. Sensorineural hearing loss has been treated with cochlear implantation; seizures respond to traditional anticonvulsant therapy (although valproic acid should be avoided). Ptosis, cardiomyopathy, cardiac conduction defects, nephropathy, and migraine headache are treated in the standard manner. Diabetes mellitus is managed by dietary modification, oral hypoglycemic agents, or insulin therapy. Exercise intolerance and weakness may respond to aerobic exercise. Prevention of primary manifestations: Once an individual with MELAS has the first stroke-like episode, arginine should be administered prophylactically to reduce the risk of recurrent stroke-like episodes. A daily dose of 150 to 300 mg/kg/day oral arginine in three divided doses is recommended. Prevention of secondary complications: Because febrile illnesses may trigger acute exacerbations, individuals with MELAS should receive standard childhood vaccinations, flu vaccine, and pneumococcal vaccine. Surveillance: Affected individuals and their at-risk relatives should be followed at regular intervals to monitor progression and the appearance of new symptoms. Annual ophthalmologic, audiology, and cardiologic (electrocardiogram and echocardiogram) evaluations are recommended. Annual urinalysis and fasting blood glucose level are also recommended. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Mitochondrial toxins, including aminoglycoside antibiotics, linezolid, cigarettes, and alcohol; valproic acid for seizure treatment; metformin because of its propensity to cause lactic acidosis; dichloroacetate (DCA) because of increased risk for peripheral neuropathy. Pregnancy management: Affected or at-risk pregnant women should be monitored for diabetes mellitus and respiratory insufficiency, which may require therapeutic interventions GENETIC COUNSELING: MELAS is caused by pathogenic variants in mtDNA and is transmitted by maternal inheritance. The father of a proband is not at risk of having the mtDNA pathogenic variant. The mother of a proband usually has the mtDNA pathogenic variant and may or may not have symptoms. A man with a mtDNA pathogenic variant cannot transmit the variant to any of his offspring. A woman with a mtDNA pathogenic variant (whether symptomatic or asymptomatic) transmits the variant to all of her offspring. Prenatal testing and preimplantation genetic testing for MELAS is possible if a mtDNA pathogenic variant has been detected in the mother. However, because the mutational load in embryonic and fetal tissues sampled (i.e., amniocytes and chorionic villi) may not correspond to that of all fetal tissues, and because the mutational load in tissues sampled prenatally may shift in utero or after birth as a result of random mitotic segregation, prediction of the phenotype from prenatal studies cannot be made with certainty.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Unique Opportunities for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association.; This statement summarizes evidence that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age delivery, placental abruption, and pregnancy loss increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and of developing subsequent CVD (including fatal and nonfatal coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure). This statement highlights the importance of recognizing APOs when CVD risk is evaluated in women, although their value in reclassifying risk may not be established. A history of APOs is a prompt for more vigorous primordial prevention of CVD risk factors and primary prevention of CVD. Adopting a heart-healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting in the postpartum setting and continuing across the life span, are important lifestyle interventions to decrease CVD risk. Lactation and breastfeeding may lower a woman's later cardiometabolic risk. Black and Asian women experience a higher proportion APOs, with more severe clinical presentation and worse outcomes, than White women. More studies on APOs and CVD in non-White women are needed to better understand and address these health disparities. Future studies of aspirin, statins, and metformin may better inform our recommendations for pharmacotherapy in primary CVD prevention among women who have had an APO. Several opportunities exist for health care systems to improve transitions of care for women with APOs and to implement strategies to reduce their long-term CVD risk. One proposed strategy includes incorporation of the concept of a fourth trimester into clinical recommendations and health care policy.
Lifestyle interventions for the treatment of women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is glucose intolerance, first recognised in pregnancy and usually resolving after birth. GDM is associated with both short- and long-term adverse effects for the mother and her infant. Lifestyle interventions are the primary therapeutic strategy for many women with GDM. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of combined lifestyle interventions with or without pharmacotherapy in treating women with gestational diabetes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 May 2016), ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (14th May 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included only randomised controlled trials comparing a lifestyle intervention with usual care or another intervention for the treatment of pregnant women with GDM. Quasi-randomised trials were excluded. Cross-over trials were not eligible for inclusion. Women with pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes were excluded. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard methodological procedures expected by the Cochrane Collaboration. All selection of studies, data extraction was conducted independently by two review authors. MAIN RESULTS: Fifteen trials (in 45 reports) are included in this review (4501 women, 3768 infants). None of the trials were funded by a conditional grant from a pharmaceutical company. The lifestyle interventions included a wide variety of components such as education, diet, exercise and self-monitoring of blood glucose. The control group included usual antenatal care or diet alone. Using GRADE methodology, the quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low quality. The main reasons for downgrading evidence were inconsistency and risk of bias. We summarised the following data from the important outcomes of this review. Lifestyle intervention versus control groupFor the mother:There was no clear evidence of a difference between lifestyle intervention and control groups for the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia) (average risk ratio (RR) 0.70; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 1.22; four trials, 2796 women; I(2) = 79%, Tau(2) = 0.23; low-quality evidence); caesarean section (average RR 0.90; 95% CI 0.78 to 1.05; 10 trials, 3545 women; I(2) = 48%, Tau(2) = 0.02; low-quality evidence); development of type 2 diabetes (up to a maximum of 10 years follow-up) (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.76; two trials, 486 women; I(2) = 16%; low-quality evidence); perineal trauma/tearing (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.18; one trial, n = 1000 women; moderate-quality evidence) or induction of labour (average RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.46; four trials, n = 2699 women; I(2) = 37%; high-quality evidence).More women in the lifestyle intervention group had met postpartum weight goals one year after birth than in the control group (RR 1.75, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.90; 156 women; one trial, low-quality evidence). Lifestyle interventions were associated with a decrease in the risk of postnatal depression compared with the control group (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.78; one trial, n = 573 women; low-quality evidence).For the infant/child/adult:Lifestyle interventions were associated with a reduction in the risk of being born large-for-gestational age (LGA) (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.71; six trials, 2994 infants; I(2) = 4%; moderate-quality evidence). Birthweight and the incidence of macrosomia were lower in the lifestyle intervention group.Exposure to the lifestyle intervention was associated with decreased neonatal fat mass compared with the control group (mean difference (MD) -37.30 g, 95% CI -63.97 to -10.63; one trial, 958 infants; low-quality evidence). In childhood, there was no clear evidence of a difference between groups for body mass index (BMI) ≥ 85th percentile (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.11; three trials, 767 children; I(2) = 4%; moderate-quality evidence).There was no clear evidence of a difference between lifestyle intervention and control groups for the risk of perinatal death (RR 0.09, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.70; two trials, 1988 infants; low-quality evidence). Of 1988 infants, only five events were reported in total in the control group and there were no events in the lifestyle group. There was no clear evidence of a difference between lifestyle intervention and control groups for a composite of serious infant outcome/s (average RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.55; two trials, 1930 infants; I(2) = 82%, Tau(2) = 0.44; very low-quality evidence) or neonatal hypoglycaemia (average RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.52; six trials, 3000 infants; I(2) = 48%, Tau(2) = 0.12; moderate-quality evidence). Diabetes and adiposity in adulthood and neurosensory disability in later childhoodwere not prespecified or reported as outcomes for any of the trials included in this review. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle interventions are the primary therapeutic strategy for women with GDM. Women receiving lifestyle interventions were less likely to have postnatal depression and were more likely to achieve postpartum weight goals. Exposure to lifestyle interventions was associated with a decreased risk of the baby being born LGA and decreased neonatal adiposity. Long-term maternal and childhood/adulthood outcomes were poorly reported.The value of lifestyle interventions in low-and middle-income countries or for different ethnicities remains unclear. The longer-term benefits or harms of lifestyle interventions remains unclear due to limited reporting.The contribution of individual components of lifestyle interventions could not be assessed. Ten per cent of participants also received some form of pharmacological therapy. Lifestyle interventions are useful as the primary therapeutic strategy and most commonly include healthy eating, physical activity and self-monitoring of blood glucose concentrations.Future research could focus on which specific interventions are most useful (as the sole intervention without pharmacological treatment), which health professionals should give them and the optimal format for providing the information. Evaluation of long-term outcomes for the mother and her child should be a priority when planning future trials. There has been no in-depth exploration of the costs 'saved' from reduction in risk of LGA/macrosomia and potential longer-term risks for the infants.
Obesity in pregnancy.; The prevalence of obesity has reached alarming proportions globally, and continues to rise in both developed and developing countries. Maternal obesity has become one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetric practice. The 2003-2005 report of the Confidential Enquiries into Maternal Deaths in the United Kingdom highlighted obesity as a significant risk for maternal death [1]. More than half of all women who died from direct or indirect causes were either overweight or obese. For the mother, obesity increases the risk of obstetric complications during the antenatal, intrapartum and postnatal period, as well as contributing to technical difficulties with fetal assessment. The offspring of obese mothers also have a higher rate of perinatal morbidity and an increased risk of long-term health problems.
Gestational diabetes from A to Z.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of hyperglycaemia that is recognized for the first time during pregnancy. This definition includes cases of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) identified early in pregnancy and true GDM which develops later. GDM constitutes a greater impact on diabetes epidemic as it carries a major risk of developing T2DM to the mother and foetus later in life. In addition, GDM has also been linked with cardiometabolic risk factors such as lipid abnormalities, hypertensive disorders and hyperinsulinemia. These might result in later development of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. The understanding of the different risk factors, the pathophysiological mechanisms and the genetic factors of GDM, will help us to identify the women at risk, to develop effective preventive measures and to provide adequate management of the disease. Clinical trials have shown that T2DM can be prevented in women with prior GDM, by intensive lifestyle modification and by using pioglitazone and metformin. However, a matter of controversy surrounding both screening and management of GDM continues to emerge, despite several recent well-designed clinical trials tackling these issues. The aim of this manuscript is to critically review GDM in a detailed and comprehensive manner, in order to provide a scientific analysis and updated write-up of different related aspects.
Obesity and cardiovascular disease in women.; As the prevalence of obesity continues to grow worldwide, the health and financial burden of obesity-related comorbidities grows too. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is clearly associated with increased adiposity. Importantly, women are at higher risk of CVD when obese and insulin resistant, in particular at higher risk of developing heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and ischemic heart disease. Increased aldosterone and mineralocorticoid receptor activation, aberrant estrogenic signaling and elevated levels of androgens are among some of the proposed mechanisms explaining the heightened CVD risk. In addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors, understanding nontraditional risk factors specific to women, like excess weight gain during pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and menopause are central to designing personalized interventions aimed to curb the epidemic of CVD. In the present review, we examine the available evidence supporting a differential cardiovascular impact of increased adiposity in women compared with men and the proposed pathophysiological mechanisms behind these differences. We also discuss women-specific cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity and insulin resistance.
Incretins, Pregnancy, and Gestational Diabetes.; The number of pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing among Caucasians, and East Asians. GDM also increases the risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and cardiovascular disease in both women and their offspring. The underlying mechanism of GDM is not fully elucidated. Incretins such as glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), have been suggested to have a role in maternal metabolism and weight as well as fetal growth. These hormones might be implicated in mechanisms that compensate for the increment in glycemia and insulin resistance seen during pregnancy, while other factors, such as heredity, environment and lifestyle, but also different race/ethnic background might also lead to the comorbid health problems. Some studies indicate that pregnancy is associated with a diminished GLP-1 response which is more prominently evident in women with GDM and normalizes after delivery. Postprandial GIP level seems to be unaffected by pregnancy, despite its increased level in GDM. On the other hand, the reduced incretin effect observed in GDM may represent a risk factor for obesity, T2DM and metabolic disorders even in the offspring of these women. Further investigations are needed to establish the exact role of incretins in pregnancy and gestational glucose intolerance.
Cardiovascular Complications of Pregnancy.; Pregnancy causes significant metabolic and hemodynamic changes in a woman's physiology to allow for fetal growth. The inability to adapt to these changes might result in the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia), gestational diabetes and preterm birth. Contrary to previous beliefs these complications are not limited to the pregnancy period and may leave permanent vascular and metabolic damage. There is in addition, a direct association between these disorders and increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD, including hypertension, ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke) and diabetes mellitus. Despite abundant evidence of this association, women who present with these complications of pregnancy do not receive adequate postpartum follow up and counseling regarding their increased risk of future CVD. The postpartum period in these women represents a unique opportunity to intervene with lifestyle modifications designed to reduce the development of premature cardiovascular complications. In some cases it allows early diagnosis and treatment of chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus. The awareness of this relationship is growing in the medical community, especially among obstetricians and primary care physicians, who play a pivotal role in detecting these complications and assuring appropriate follow up.
Metabolic Consequences of Gestational Cannabinoid Exposure.; Up to 20% of pregnant women ages 18-24 consume cannabis during pregnancy. Moreover, clinical studies indicate that cannabis consumption during pregnancy leads to fetal growth restriction (FGR), which is associated with an increased risk of obesity, type II diabetes (T2D), and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This is of great concern considering that the concentration of Δ(9)- tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), a major psychoactive component of cannabis, has doubled over the last decade and can readily cross the placenta and enter fetal circulation, with the potential to negatively impact fetal development via the endocannabinoid (eCB) system. Cannabis exposure in utero could also lead to FGR via placental insufficiency. In this review, we aim to examine current pre-clinical and clinical findings on the direct effects of exposure to cannabis and its constituents on fetal development as well as indirect effects, namely placental insufficiency, on postnatal metabolic diseases.
Gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant long- and short-term risks to both the developing fetus and the mother. GDM can lead to maternal complications during pregnancy and increase the mother's risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease later. The present study aimed to evaluate the maternal and fetal vasculopathies in the placenta of Saudi women with GDM. This prospective study examined 84 placentas from full-term pregnant women with no complications other than GDM; 40 placentas were collected from healthy women (controls), and 44 were collected from women diagnosed with GDM. The sampling took place in King Saud University Medical City, Riyadh, between January and August 2019. All placentas were histologically examined according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group (2014, 2015). The results showed that the most common placental changes on the maternal side of the placenta in the GDM group were significant syncytial knots (77%), calcification (70%), villous agglutination (57%), decidual vasculopathy (43%), and retroplacental hemorrhage (34%). Placental infarction was the least common placental change in both groups. On the fetal side, vasculopathies included significant villous fibrinoid necrosis (70.5%), chorangiosis (50%), fibromuscular sclerosis (50%), and villous edema (38.6%). Significant villous fibrinoid necrosis, villous edema, and significant fibromuscular sclerosis were more prevalent in the GDM group. The present study concluded that gestational diabetes mellitus induces histopathological phenotypes in the full-term placenta. Increased decidual vasculopathy, syncytial knots, retroplacental hemorrhage, classification, villous agglutination, chorangiosis, villous edema, villous fibroid necrosis, and fibromuscular sclerosis may indicate GDM in the mother. Such findings in the placenta of a woman who has not been diagnosed with GDM increase the need for GDM examination in future pregnancies.
Ceramides during Pregnancy and Obstetrical Adverse Outcomes.; Ceramides are a group of sphingolipids located in the external plasma membrane layer and act as messengers in cellular pathways such as inflammatory processes and apoptosis. Plasma ceramides are biomarkers of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer's disease, various autoimmune conditions and cancer. During pregnancy, ceramides play an important role as stress mediators, especially during implantation, delivery and lactation. Based on the current literature, plasma ceramides could be potential biomarkers of obstetrical adverse outcomes, although their role in metabolic pathways under such conditions remains unclear. This review aims to present current studies that examine the role of ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Post-partum Risk and Follow Up.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease. In this review, we will discuss postpartum cardiovascular and diabetes risk in women with a history of GDM and different ways to improve postpartum screening. METHODS: This review involves a comprehensive literature review on gestational diabetes and postpartum risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus as well as post-partum screening methods. RESULTS: Cardiovascular risk post-partum is potentiated by increased inflammatory markers leading to worsening atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events downstream. Decreased insulin sensitivity and β cell compensation, recurrent GDM, maternal factors such as pre and post-partum weight gain and lactation may contribute to T2DM risk. Postpartum glucose testing is essential in screening women as hyperglycemia in pregnancy has long term effects on both cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk on the mother. CONCLUSION: Long and short term improvement to post-partum glucose testing is essential to decreasing cardiometabolic and diabetes risk in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Impact of Adverse Gestational Milieu on Maternal Cardiovascular Health.; Cardiovascular disease affects 1% to 4% of the nearly 4 million pregnancies in the United States each year and is the primary cause of pregnancy-related mortality. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with cardiovascular complications during pregnancy persisting into the postpartum period. Recently, investigations have identified an altered sex hormone milieu, such as in the case of hyperandrogenism, as a causative factor in the development of gestational cardiovascular dysfunction. The mechanisms involved in the development of cardiovascular disease in postpartum women are largely unknown. Animal studies have attempted to recapitulate adverse pregnancy outcomes to investigate causal relationships and molecular underpinnings of adverse gestational cardiac events and progression to the development of cardiovascular disease postpartum. This review will focus on summarizing clinical and animal studies detailing the impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and maternal obesity, on gestational cardiometabolic dysfunction and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Specifically, we will highlight the adverse impact of gestational hyperandrogenism and its potential to serve as a biomarker for maternal gestational and postpartum cardiovascular dysfunctions.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future risk of heart failure.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Women with history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have approximately two-fold risk of future CVD, but until recently the association with future heart failure (HF) was unclear. Here, we summarize evidence for associations of APOs with HF, potential underlying mechanisms, and future directions for clinical translation. RECENT FINDINGS: Women with history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have roughly two-fold risk of future HF compared with other parous women even after accounting for interval development of coronary artery disease. The HDPs portend heightened risk of HF with both reduced and preserved ejection fraction. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other APOs such as preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age delivery, and placental abruption may also confer additional risk for HF development. Possible underlying mechanisms linking APOs to HF include shared upstream risk factors and genetics, accelerated development of cardiometabolic risk factors postpartum, persistent endothelial and microvascular dysfunction, and impaired natriuretic peptide signaling. SUMMARY: History of APOs, including HDPs and GDM, confer increased risk for development of HF years after delivery. Further research is needed to define strategies to optimize prepregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular health toward HF prevention.
Cardiometabolic consequences of gestational dysglycemia.; The development of gestational diabetes and even milder forms of dysglycemia during pregnancy represents a maternal phenotype at increased subsequent risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and, with time, overt cardiovascular disease. A careful and systematic dissection of the hormonal, metabolic, and vascular changes occurring in such women during pregnancy and over the postpartum years provides a unique opportunity to identify conventional and novel conditions and biomarkers whose modification may attenuate adverse long-term outcomes, particularly cardiovascular risk. The purpose of this review is to summarize current understanding of the magnitude of such risk and its potential causes, with a particular focus on postpartum alterations in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle responsiveness.
Diabetes Mellitus in Peru.; BACKGROUND: Peru is an upper medium-income developing country with an increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, including diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To review and describe the epidemiology, drivers, and diabetes care plan in Peru. METHODS: The medical literature was reviewed based on systematic searching of PubMed, Scielo, and various gray literature from the International Diabetes Federation, World Health Organization, and local Peruvian agencies. FINDINGS: In Peru, diabetes affects 7% of the population. Type 2 diabetes accounts for 96.8% of outpatients visits with this condition. Type 1 diabetes has an incidence of 0.4/100,000 per year, and gestational diabetes affects 16% of pregnancies. The prevalence of glucose intolerance is 8.11% and that of impaired fasting glucose 22.4%. The prevalence of overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adults is 34.7%, 17.5%, and 25%, respectively. Metabolic syndrome prevalence is greater in women and the elderly and at urban and low-altitude locations. Diabetes is the eighth cause of death, the sixth cause of blindness, and the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease and nontraumatic lower limb amputation. In Peru, diabetes accounts for 31.5% of acute myocardial infarctions and 25% of strokes. Infections, diabetic emergencies, and cardiovascular disorders are the main causes for admissions, with a mortality rate < 10%, mainly as a result of infections, chronic kidney disease, and stroke. Sixty-two percent of the population has health insurance coverage, with inequities in the distribution of health care personnel across the country. Less than 30% of treated patients have a hemoglobin A1c < 7%. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes is a major health care issue in Peru that exposes difficult challenges and shortcomings. The national strategy for tackling diabetes includes promotion of healthy lifestyles; training primary care physicians and providing them with evidence-based clinical practice guidelines, safe and effective medications, and tools for monitoring treatment; and, finally, construction of a comprehensive health care network for early referral in order to prevent, detect, and treat diabetic complications.
Extracellular vesicles and their role in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex disorder that is defined by glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Pregnancies complicated with GDM have higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity with short- and long-term consequences, including increased rates of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes for both the mother and offspring. The pathophysiology of GDM still remains unclear and there has been interest in the role of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs) in the maternal metabolic adaptations that occur in pregnancy and GDM. Small EVs are nanosized particles that contain bioactive content, including miRNAs and proteins, which are released by cells to provide cell-to-cell communication. Pregnancy induces an increase in total and placental-secreted sEVs across gestation, with a further increase in sEV number and changes in the protein and miRNA composition of these sEVs in GDM. Research has suggested that these sEVs have an impact on maternal adaptations during pregnancy, including targeting the pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Consequently, this review will focus on the differences in total and placental sEVs in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, the role of sEVs in the pathophysiology of GDM and their clinical application as potential GDM biomarkers.
Cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications.; Pregnancy related complications indicate a propensity for atherosclerotic disease. Epidemiologic data demonstrate early onset cardiovascular disease in women with a history of pregnancy loss, preterm pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by intrauterine growth restriction. Early onset diabetes, increased rates of MI and increased rates of stroke are more prevalent after gestational diabetes. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mark significant pathophysiologic changes, including vascular dysfunction and immunologic changes, which induce atherogenesis and result in a substantial increase in rates of stroke, ischemic heart disease and cardiac mortality. Metabolic, endothelial and inflammatory changes are responsible for either the early onset or early recognition of cardiovascular disease propensity in patients who experience a complicated pregnancy. Therefore, the American Heart Association guidelines recognize pregnancy related complications as an independent risk factor for heart disease. This review informs physicians of epidemiologic data and, guideline recommendations and is meant to guide physicians in early interventions including provider education, routine post-partum multidisciplinary (primary care, obstetrics, cardiology) evaluation, risk factor monitoring and control after a complicated pregnancy.
Genetic and inflammatory factors underlying gestational diabetes mellitus: a review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a significant global health concern, impacting both maternal and fetal well-being. Early detection and treatment are imperative to mitigate adverse outcomes during pregnancy. This review delves into the pivotal role of insulin function and the influence of genetic variants, including SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, and GCK, in GDM development. These genetic variations affect beta-cell function and insulin activity in crucial tissues, such as muscle, disrupting glucose regulation during pregnancy. We propose a hypothesis that this variation may disrupt zinc transport, consequently impairing insulin production and secretion, thereby contributing to GDM onset. Furthermore, we discussed the involvement of inflammatory pathways, such as TNF-alpha and IL-6, in predisposing individuals to GDM. Genetic modulation of these pathways may exacerbate glucose metabolism dysregulation observed in GDM patients. We also discussed how GDM affects cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a direct correlation between pregnancy and cardiometabolic function, increasing atherosclerosis, decreased vascular function, dyslipidemia, and hypertension in women with GDM history. However, further research is imperative to unravel the intricate interplay between inflammatory pathways, genetics, and GDM. This understanding is pivotal for devising targeted gene therapies and pharmacological interventions to rectify genetic variations in SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, GCK, and other pertinent genes. Ultimately, this review offers insights into the pathophysiological mechanisms of GDM, providing a foundation for developing strategies to mitigate its impact.
Does gestational diabetes mellitus increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? A Mendelian randomization study.; PURPOSE: In recent years, epidemiological studies have revealed the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we utilized Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the potential causal impact of GDM on cardiovascular disease for the first time. METHODS:  We retrieved summary statistics from published genome-wide association studies. MR was first performed using significant SNPs extracted from the eighth data release of the FinnGen study. Next, a replication analysis for coronary artery disease (CAD) was conducted in another European ancestry population to validate our findings. Finally, mediation analysis was carried out to assess potential mediation effects. RESULTS: Our data analysis revealed that genetically predicted GDM was significantly associated with increased CAD risk (OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.02-1.18, p 0.006). Replication analysis confirmed a significant genetic association between GDM and CAD (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.02-1.12, p 0.003) in another European ancestry population. Mediation analysis indicated no significant mediation effect by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on the GDM-CAD relationship (mediation effect β [95% CI]: 0.005 [-0.003, -0.017]). CONCLUSION: Women with a prior history of GDM face an elevated risk of future CAD. This increased risk of CAD cannot be solely attributed to the subsequent onset of diabetes. Regular CAD risk assessment and primary prevention strategies are of paramount importance for women with a history of GDM.
Stable ischemic heart disease in women: current perspectives.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women accounting for 1 in every 4 female deaths. Pathophysiology of ischemic heart disease in women includes epicardial coronary artery, endothelial dysfunction, coronary vasospasm, plaque erosion and spontaneous coronary artery dissection. Angina is the most common presentation of stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD) in women. Risk factors for SIHD include traditional risks such as older age, obesity (body mass index [BMI] >25 kg/m(2)), smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disease, sedentary lifestyle, family history of premature coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus, and nontraditional risk factors, such as gestational diabetes, insulin resistance/polycystic ovarian disease, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, menopause, mental stress and autoimmune diseases. Diagnostic testing can be used effectively to risk stratify women. Guidelines-directed medical therapy including aspirin, statins, beta-blocker therapy, calcium channel blockers and ranolazine should be instituted for symptom and ischemia management. Despite robust evidence regarding the adverse outcomes seen in women with ischemic heart disease, knowledge gaps exist in several areas. Future research needs to be directed toward a greater understanding of the role of nontraditional risk factors for SIHD in women, gaining deeper insights into the sex differences in therapeutic effects and formulating a sex-specific algorithm for the management of SIHD in women.
ATP5me alleviates high glucose-induced myocardial cell injury.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse myocardial remodeling and impaired cardiac function of fetus. Nevertheless, specific molecular mechanisms underlying type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury remain unknown. Therefore, this study proposes to identify possible molecular mechanisms using RNA-seq. METHODS: A rat type 1 GDM model was developed using streptozotocin (STZ) (25 and 50 mg/kg), and weight and glucose tolerance of maternal and offspring were evaluated. Changes in markers of myocardial injury and oxidative stress identified by ELISA and biochemical kits in offspring hearts. Identification of differentially expressed mRNAs (DE-mRNAs) associated with myocardial injury in type 1 GDM offspring using RNA-seq. Proliferation, apoptosis, and oxidative stress were assessed in high glucose-induced H9C2 cells after exogenously modulating ATP Synthase Membrane Subunit E (ATP5me). RESULTS: Maternal weight, glucose and glucose tolerance, and fetal weight and heart weight were reduced in the type 1 GDM model, especially in 50 mg/kg STZ-induced. Increased of creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB), cardiac troponin T (cTnT), hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) and decreased of superoxide dismutase (SOD) were observed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts. type 1 GDM offspring hearts exhibited disorganized cardiomyocytes with enlarged gaps, broken myocardial fibers, erythrocyte accumulation and inflammatory infiltration. RNA-seq identified 462 DE-mRNAs in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, which mainly regulate immunity, redox reactions, and cellular communication. Atp5me was under-expressed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, and high glucose decreased Atp5me expression in H9C2 cells. Overexpressing Atp5me alleviated high glucose-induced decrease in proliferation, mitochondrial membrane potential, BCL2 and SOD, and increase in apoptosis, MDA, ROS, c-Caspase-3, and BAX in H9C2 cells. CONCLUSION: This study first demonstrated that ATP5me attenuated type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury. This provides a possible molecular mechanism for the treatment of type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury.
Metformin in Pulmonary Hypertension in Left Heart Disease.; Metformin is ubiquitously used in the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). Over the years, our growing knowledge of its therapeutic potential has broadened its use to the treatment of infertility in polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes, and even obesity. Recently, it has been suggested as a novel therapy in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Given that CVD is the leading cause of death in patients with DMII, with ~ 75% dying from a cardiovascular event, the intersection of DMII and CVD provides a unique therapeutic target. In particular, pulmonary hypertension (PH) related to CVD (Group II PH) may be an optimal target for metformin therapy. The objective of this review article is to provide an overview of the pathophysiology of PH related to left heart disease (PH-LHD), outline the proposed pathophysiologic mechanism of insulin resistance in heart failure and PH-LHD, and evaluate the role metformin may have in heart failure and PH-LHD.
Metabolic disorder of pregnancy (understanding pathophysiology of diabetes and preeclampsia).; The role of insulin resistance in human disease is implicated in the pathogenesis of some of the chief western chronic diseases: ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and essential hypertension. The occurrence of these diseases, alongside obesity, is termed the metabolic syndrome. Pregnancy is normally attended by progressive insulin resistance that begins near midpregnancy and progresses through the third trimester to levels that approximate the insulin resistance seen in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia may be the basic common ground for the metabolic syndrome of pregnancy - elevated blood pressure and diabetes mellitus. Moreover, the metabolic syndrome is also associated with endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and attenuated inflammatory responses. In this review, we discuss the development of insulin resistance during pregnancy, hormones and newly discovered factors associated with insulin resistance and secretion, lipid metabolism, and the pathogenesis of hypertension during pregnancy.
Association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an overall lifetime increased risk of cardiometabolic disease, even among those without intercurrent type 2 diabetes. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and short-term risk of cardiovascular disease is unclear. Establishing short-term risks of cardiovascular disease for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus has significant potential to inform early screening and targeted intervention strategies to reduce premature cardiovascular morbidity among women. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the risk of cardiovascular disease diagnosis in the first 24 months postpartum between patients with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Our longitudinal population-based study included pregnant individuals with deliveries from 2007 to 2019 in the Maine Health Data Organization's All Payer Claims Database. We excluded records with gestational age <20 weeks, non-Maine residence, multifetal gestation, no insurance in the month of delivery or the 3 months before pregnancy, an implausibly short interval until next pregnancy (<60 days), pregestational diabetes mellitus, and any prepregnancy diagnosis of the cardiovascular conditions being examined postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (heart failure, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, cardiomyopathy, cerebrovascular disease/stroke, and new chronic hypertension) were identified by International Classification of Diseases 9/10 diagnosis codes. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios, adjusting for potential confounding factors. We assessed whether the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension was mediated by intercurrent diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Among the 84,746 pregnancies examined, the cumulative risk of cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum for those with vs without gestational diabetes mellitus was 0.13% vs 0.20% for heart failure, 0.16% vs 0.14% for ischemic heart disease, 0.60% vs 0.44% for cerebrovascular disease/stroke, 0.22% vs 0.16% for arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, 0.20% vs 0.20% for cardiomyopathy, and 4.19% vs 1.83% for new chronic hypertension. After adjusting for potential confounders, those with gestational diabetes had an increased risk of new chronic hypertension (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-1.86) within the first 24 months postpartum compared with those without gestational diabetes. There was no association between gestational diabetes and ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.34-1.65), cerebrovascular disease/stroke (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-1.66), arrhythmia/cardiac arrest (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.16; 95% confidence interval, 0.59-2.29), or cardiomyopathy (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.40-1.41) within the first 24 months postpartum. Those with gestational diabetes appeared to have a decreased risk of heart failure within 24 months postpartum (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.45; 95% confidence interval, 0.21-0.98). Our mediation analyses estimated that 28% of the effect of gestational diabetes on new chronic hypertension was mediated through intercurrent diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of new chronic hypertension as early as 24 months postpartum. Most of this effect was not due to the development of diabetes mellitus. Our findings suggest that all women with gestational diabetes need careful monitoring and screening for new chronic hypertension in the first 2 years postpartum.
Pre-eclampsia and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment in Women.; The underlying contributors of many cardiovascular events are often present decades before the onset of clinical symptoms, and the presence of risk factors in early life significantly influences risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). The considerable burden of CVD in women and on health care resources necessitates an emphasis on prevention and early risk screening in women, before the development of the disease itself. The 2011 update to the American Heart Association's Effectiveness-Based Guidelines for the prevention of CVD acknowledges the contribution of the common pregnancy-related medical complications to a woman's cardiovascular risk, identifying pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus as risk factors for heart disease and stroke. The aims of this review are to examine risk factors in young women and their role in the development of premature CVD, with particular attention paid to PE as a marker of a woman's cardiovascular risk. Current screening practices will be discussed, as will their influences on identifying and reducing cardiovascular risk and subsequent disease in younger women.
Maternal Diabetes and Postnatal High-Fat Diet on Pregnant Offspring.; Maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming predisposes offspring to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity in adulthood. However, lifelong health and disease trajectories depend on several factors and nutrition is one of the main ones. We intend to understand the role of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming and its association with a high-fat diet during lifelong in the female F1 generation focusing on reproductive outcomes and the possible changes in physiological systems during pregnancy as well as the repercussions on the F2 generation at birth. For this, we composed four groups: F1 female pups from control (OC) or from diabetic dams (OD) and fed with standard (SD) or high-fat diet from weaning to full-term pregnancy. During pregnancy, glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity were evaluated. In a full-term pregnancy, the maternal blood and liver were collected to evaluate redox status markers. The maternal blood, placental tissue, and fetal blood (pool) were collected to evaluate adiponectin and leptin levels. Maternal reproductive parameters were evaluated as well. Maternal diabetes and high-fat diet consumption, in isolation, were both responsible for increased infertility rates and fasting glucose levels in the F1 generation and fetal growth restriction in the F2 generation. The association of both conditions showed, in addition to those, increased lipoperoxidation in maternal erythrocytes, regardless of the increased endogenous antioxidant enzyme activities, glucose intolerance, decreased number of implantation sites and live fetuses, decreased litter, fetal and placental weight, increased preimplantation losses, and increased fetal leptin serum levels. Thus, our findings show that fetal programming caused by maternal diabetes or lifelong high-fat diet consumption leads to similar repercussions in pregnant rats. In addition, the association of both conditions was responsible for glucose intolerance and oxidative stress in the first generation and increased fetal leptin levels in the second generation. Thus, our findings show both the F1 and F2 generations harmed health after maternal hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and exposure to a high-fat diet from weaning until the end of pregnancy.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. METHODS: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. RESULTS: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82-2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32-1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74-4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48-3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31-4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57-1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88-2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12-1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38-3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22-1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12-1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25-1.85). CONCLUSION: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with greater incidence of dementia during long-term post-partum follow-up.; BACKGROUND: The impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on incident dementia is unknown. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between GDM and all-cause dementia and the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included women from the UK Biobank who were grouped based on GDM history. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were used to explore the associations between GDM and dementia. We further analysed the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship and the interactions of covariates. RESULTS: A total of 1292 women with and 204,171 women without a history of GDM were included. During a median follow-up period of 45 years after first birth, 2921 women were diagnosed with dementia. Women with a GDM history had a 67% increased risk of incident dementia (hazard ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.03-2.69) compared with those without a GDM history. According to mediation analyses, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic kidney disease and comorbidities (diagnosed with any two of the three diseases) explained 34.5%, 8.4%, 5.2% and 18.8% of the mediating effect on the relationship. Subgroup analyses revealed that physical activity modified the association between GDM history and dementia (p for interaction = 0.030). Among physically inactive women, GDM was significantly associated with incident dementia; however, this association was not observed among physically active women. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM was associated with a greater risk of incident dementia. Type 2 diabetes partially mediated this relationship. Strategies for dementia prevention might be considered for women with a history of GDM.
Cardiovascular biomarkers in pregnancy with diabetes and associations to glucose control.; AIM: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in both men and women. Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus (DM1 and DM2) are well-known risk factors for CVD. In addition, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a female sex-specific risk factor for CVD. Here, we measure circulating concentrations of cardiac troponin T (cTNT), N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) during pregnancy-a window of time often referred to as a cardiovascular stress test for women. METHODS: This study utilized data from 384 pregnant women: 64 with DM1, 16 with DM2, 35 with GDM and 269 euglycemic controls. Blood was predominantly sampled within a week before delivery. Cardiovascular biomarker concentrations were measured in serum using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. RESULT: Circulating cTnT levels were higher in women with DM1, DM2 and GDM as compared to controls, whereas NT-proBNP and GDF-15 levels were only increased in women with DM1. Glucose dysregulation, assessed by third trimester HbA1c levels, positively correlated with all three CVD biomarker levels, whereas pregestational body mass index correlated negatively with GDF-15. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support the presence of myocardial affection in women with diabetic disorders during pregnancy. Although pregestational DM1 in this study was associated with the most adverse CVD biomarker profile, women with GDM displayed an adverse cTnT profile similar to what we found in women with pregestational DM2. This supports that women with GDM should be offered long-term intensified cardiovascular follow-up and lifestyle advice following delivery, similarly to the well-established CV follow-up of women with pregestational DM.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Cardiovascular Risk: An Update.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is increasing in parallel with the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes and obesity around the world. Current evidence strongly suggests that women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. Given the growing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, it is important to identify appropriate reliable markers of cardiovascular disease and specific treatment strategies capable of containing obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome in order to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease in the women affected.
Pregnancy Complications Can Foreshadow Future Disease-Long-Term Outcomes of a Complicated Pregnancy.; During gestation, the maternal body should increase its activity to fulfil the demands of the developing fetus as pregnancy progresses. Each maternal organ adapts in a unique manner and at a different time during pregnancy. In an organ or system that was already vulnerable before pregnancy, the burden of pregnancy can trigger overt clinical manifestations. After delivery, symptoms usually reside; however, in time, because of the age-related metabolic and pro-atherogenic changes, they reappear. Therefore, it is believed that pregnancy acts as a medical stress test for mothers. Pregnancy complications such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus foreshadow cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes later in life. Affected women are encouraged to modify their lifestyle after birth by adjusting their diet and exercise habits. Blood pressure and plasmatic glucose level checking are recommended so that early therapeutic intervention can reduce long-term morbidity. Currently, the knowledge of the long-term consequences in women who have had pregnancy-related syndromes is still incomplete. A past obstetric history may, however, be useful in determining the risk of diseases later in life and allow timely intervention.
Cardiac changes in infants of diabetic mothers.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a systemic chronic metabolic disorder characterized by increased insulin resistance and/or β- cell defects. It affects all ages from the foetal life, neonates, childhood to late adulthood. Gestational diabetes is a critical risk factor for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). Moreover, the risk increases with low maternal education, high body mass index at conception, undiagnosed pre-gestational diabetes, inadequate antenatal care, improper diabetes control, and maternal smoking during pregnancy. Maternal DM significantly affects the foetal heart and foetal-placental circulation in both structure and function. Cardiac defects, myocardial hypertrophy are three times more prevalent in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Antenatal evaluation of the cardiac function and structures can be performed with foetal electrocardiography and echocardiography. Postnatal cardiac evaluation can be performed with natal and postnatal electrocardiography and echocardiography, detection of early atherosclerotic changes by measuring aortic intima-media thickness, and retinal vascular changes by retinal photography. Ameliorating the effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring depends mainly on pregestational and gestational diabetes prevention. However, other measures to reduce the risk, such as using medications, nutritional supplements, or probiotics, still need more research. This review discusses the mechanism of foetal sequels and the risk factors that increase the prevalence of CHDs in gestational DM, the various cardiac outcomes of gestational DM on the foetus and offspring, cardiac evaluation of foetuses and IDMs, and how to alleviate the consequences of gestational DM on the offspring.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy and its implications for a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease.; It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of women who are at risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Moreover, this relationship extends across the full spectrum of hyperglycemia in pregnancy, with lesser degrees of gestational dysglycemia identifying a proportionate gradient of future risk of T2DM. Importantly, a growing body of evidence suggests that an analogous relationship exists between hyperglycemia in pregnancy and a woman's long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well. Indeed, as compared to their peers, woman who had GDM have a higher risk of major cardiovascular events, which first manifests within the first decade after the index pregnancy. Although the absolute incidence of such events remains low in young women of child-bearing age, the identification of future risk of CVD at this early point in its natural history may provide the unique opportunity for timely intervention and ideally disease prevention. Thus, in this review, we discuss the emerging concept of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as an indicator of the future risk of CVD in young women and its implications for research and clinical practice.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Induces Autonomic Dysfunction and Heart Failure in Older Adult Offspring.; AIMS: Offspring exposed to an adverse fetal environment, such as gestational diabetes, may manifest increased susceptibility to several chronic diseases later in life. In the present study, the cardiovascular function of three different ages of offspring from diabetic rats was evaluated. METHODS AND RESULTS: Diabetes mellitus was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg). The offspring from diabetic (OD) and control rats (OC) were evaluated at three different ages: 6, 12 or 18 months. In the corresponding OC groups, fasting glycemia, baseline mean arterial pressure, and sympathetic tonus increased in the OD rats at 12 (OD12) and 18 (OD18) months of age, while cardiac hypertrophy was observed in all OD groups. Cardiac function evaluation in vivo showed low left ventricular systolic pressure and+dP/dt in the OD18 rats, suggesting a systolic dysfunction. OD12 and OD18 groups showed high left ventricle end-diastolic pressure, suggesting a diastolic dysfunction. OD groups showed an age-related impairment of both baroreflex-mediated tachycardia and baroreflex-mediated bradycardia in OD12 and OD18 rats. In isolated hearts from OD18 rats, both inotropic and tachycardiac responses to increasing isoproterenol were significantly reduced compared to the corresponding OC group. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that gestational diabetes triggers the onset of hyperglycemia hypertension with impaired baroreflex sensitivity and heart failure in older age of offspring, representing important risk factors for death. Therefore, ensuring optimal glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy is important and serves as a key to preventing cardiovascular disease in the offspring in their older age.
Maternal and long-term offspring outcomes of obesity during pregnancy.; PURPOSE: Obesity`s prevalence is rising in women of reproductive age worldwide and has become the most common medical condition at this age group. Besides, its occurrence is also rising during pregnancy. This condition not only increases the risk of noncommunicable diseases on the mother, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes, but also transfers this risk to the offspring. METHODS: This is a narrative review based on scientific and review articles on the matter. RESULTS: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, infection, and mental health problems. Furthermore, it has an impact on the progress of labor and induction matters. Regarding offspring outcomes, it is related to higher incidence of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality, and the occurrence of large for gestational age newborns. Still, it has implications on cardiometabolic risk and neurodevelopment in offspring. CONCLUSION: It is, therefore, imperative to encourage the adoption of healthy lifestyles, especially in the peri-conception and interpregnancy periods. Likewise, there must be support in the multidisciplinary monitoring of these pregnant women to minimize associated complication rates.
Adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal monocytes revealed by single-cell RNA sequencing.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most prevalent metabolic disorder during pregnancy, has long-term risks of metabolic diseases in offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Here, we analyzed single-cell transcriptional data of cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMCs) from fetuses of healthy and GDM mothers, peripheral blood mononuclear cells from children and adolescents, and coronary plaques myeloid cells from atherosclerosis. Our results demonstrated that monocytes in cord blood were characterized with down-regulated proinflammatory-related pathways and up-regulated proliferation-related pathways. And monocytes in cord blood from GDM mothers were featured with expanded CXCL8+IL1B+ subclusters, enhanced crosstalk with neutrophil granulocytes and augmented adhesive and phagocytic abilities. Interestingly, CXCL8+IL1B+ monocytes influenced by GDM had transcriptome similarity with those of coronary plaques myeloid cells from individuals with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Collectively, our data reveal adverse impact of maternal GDM environment on fetal monocytes and propose potential mechanisms between maternal GDM and offspring atherosclerosis.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease: a scoping review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes and has deleterious effects on other cardiovascular risk factors. However, the effect of gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease remains unclear. We conducted a scoping review of the literature to examine the association between these 2 conditions. METHODS: We systematically searched the PubMed and Embase databases for studies examining the association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We restricted our search to studies involving humans that were published in English or French. Outcomes of interest included acute coronary syndromes, angina, arrhythmia, coronary artery disease, heart failure, myocardial infarction, stroke, and composite end points with these outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 11 publications (3 cohort studies [1 published as an abstract], 2 cross-sectional studies, 1 case-control study [published as an abstract], 4 narrative reviews, and 1 editorial) met our inclusion criteria. The 2 cohort studies published as full manuscripts were conducted in overlapping populations. The included studies reported a range of adjusted relative risks for incident cardiovascular disease, from not significant to 1.85 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.21 to 2.82). Adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus attenuated the effects but with wide 95% CIs that spanned unity (range 1.13 [95% CI 0.67 to 1.89] to 1.56 [95% CI 1.00 to 2.43]). INTERPRETATION: Available data suggest that gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, these data are limited, and evidence regarding this association independent of the increased risk due to subsequent type 2 diabetes and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease remains inconclusive.
Gestational diabetes: implications for cardiovascular health.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that is becoming more prevalent with recent population trends in obesity and advancing maternal age. A diagnosis of GDM not only increases risk for maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy, but also significantly increases a woman's risk of both type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the postpartum. Even women with milder forms of abnormal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy, specifically gestational impaired glucose tolerance, are at increased risk, justifying the recent recommendation to tighten the diagnostic criteria for GDM, thus implicating many more women. Risk factors that increase risk for future CVD among women with a history of GDM include postpartum progression to T2DM; metabolic syndrome; obesity; hypertension; and altered levels of circulating inflammatory markers, specifically, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Medical therapies such as metformin that prevent progression to T2DM may prove to be our primary defense against earlier CVD among women with GDM.
Cardiovascular Disease in Women: From Pathophysiology to Novel and Emerging Risk Factors.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Australian women, as well as men, with clear disparities in treatment and outcomes between the sexes. Moreover, disease pathophysiology differs between the sexes, with women more likely to suffer from microvascular coronary disease, endothelial dysfunction and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, as compared to men, who are more likely to experience macrovascular disease or heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Evidence suggests that both traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors are often under-recognised and under-treated in women. Certain 'traditional' risk factors, including diabetes mellitus and smoking, may also portend a greater risk of cardiovascular disease in women than men. Furthermore, a number of female-specific risk factors have been identified as increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease in women, including pre-term delivery, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Currently, these factors are not included in primary prevention risk stratification tools, nor are they routinely considered in a cardiovascular assessment at a clinical level. This represents a missed opportunity, as early identification may allow for risk factor modification and possible amelioration of the disease burden. This review explores the role of traditional, sex-specific and novel risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women, in addition to pathophysiological differences between the sexes, and contributing societal and behavioural factors. These differences argue strongly for a 'precision medicine' approach to cardiovascular disease that includes sex as a key component.
Maternal Cognitive Impairment Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Review of Potential Contributing Mechanisms.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries many risks, where high blood pressure, preeclampsia and future type II diabetes are widely acknowledged, but less focus has been placed on its effect on cognitive function. Although the multifactorial pathogenesis of maternal cognitive impairment is not completely understood, it shares several features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this review, we discuss some key pathophysiologies of GDM that may lead to cognitive impairment, specifically hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and neuroinflammation. We explain how these incidents: (i) impair the insulin-signaling pathway and/or (ii) lead to cognitive impairment through hyperphosphorylation of τ protein, overexpression of amyloid-β and/or activation of microglia. The aforementioned pathologies impair the insulin-signaling pathway primarily through serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substances (IRS). This then leads to the inactivation of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) signaling cascade, which is responsible for maintaining brain homeostasis and normal cognitive functioning. PI3K/AKT is crucial in maintaining normal cognitive function through the inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSκ3β), which hyperphosphorylates τ protein and releases pro-inflammatory cytokines that are neurotoxic. Several biomarkers were also highlighted as potential biomarkers of GDM-related cognitive impairment such as AGEs, serine-phosphorylated IRS-1 and inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), leptin, interleukin 1β (IL-1β), and IL-6. Although GDM is a transient disease, its complications may be long-term, and hence increased mechanistic knowledge of the molecular changes contributing to cognitive impairment may provide important clues for interventional strategies.
Review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function.; Vascular dysfunction has been described in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, previous gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Factors contributing to vascular changes remain uncertain. The aim of this review was to summarize vascular structure and function changes found to occur in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that contribute to vascular dysfunction. A systematic search of electronic databases yielded 15 publications from 1998 to March 2014 that met the inclusion criteria. Our review confirmed that previous gestational diabetes mellitus contributes to vascular dysfunction, and the most consistent risk factor associated with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and vascular dysfunction was elevated body mass index. Heterogeneity existed across studies in determining the relationship of glycaemic levels and insulin resistance to vascular dysfunction.
Gestational programming of offspring obesity/hypertension.; The intrauterine milieu impacts fetal growth directly during gestation. It is now clear, however, that postnatal phenotype is also influenced by prenatal conditions. A variety of disorders in the adult have been linked to fetal size at birth; these include glucose intolerance, cardiovascular disease, and the subjects of this review, obesity and hypertension. We will review recent data regarding these associations and the pathophysiologic mechanisms underlying them in humans as well as in animal models.
Fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity: A potential threat for programming cardiovascular disease.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal obesity (MO) increase the risk of adverse fetal outcomes, and the incidence of cardiovascular disease later in life. Extensive research has been conducted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms by which GDM and MO program the offspring to disease. This review focuses on the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in programming the offspring for cardiovascular disease in GDM and MO pregnancies. We discuss how pre-existing maternal health conditions can lead to vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit and the fetus. We also examine the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in impairing fetal cardiovascular system development and the involvement of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in mediating fetoplacental vascular dysfunction. Furthermore, we suggest that the L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide and the Adenosine-L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide (ALANO) signaling pathways are pertinent targets for research. Despite significant progress in this area, there are still knowledge gaps that need to be addressed in future research.
Primary Prevention of Heart Failure in Women.; The incidence of heart failure (HF) is increasing, particularly among women, and constitutes a rapidly growing public health problem. The primary prevention of HF in women should involve targeted, sex-specific strategies to increase awareness, promote a heart healthy lifestyle, and improve treatments that optimally control the risk factors for HF with reduced ejection fraction and HF with preserved ejection fraction. Epidemiological and pathophysiological differences in both HF subtypes strongly suggest that sex-specific preventive strategies and risk factor reduction may be particularly beneficial. However, significant gaps in sex-specific knowledge exist and are impeding preventive efforts. To overcome these limitations, women need to be adequately represented in HF research, sex differences must be prospectively investigated, and effective sex-specific interventions should be incorporated into clinical practice guidelines. This review summarizes the existing evidence that supports the primary prevention of HF in women and identifies potential strategies that are most likely to be effective in reducing the burden of HF among women.
The Diabetes-Cardiovascular Connection in Women: Understanding the Known Risks, Outcomes, and Implications for Care.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) complications constitute about 50-70% of mortality in people with diabetes. However, there remains a persistently greater relative increase in CVD morbidity and mortality in women with diabetes than in their male counterparts. This review presents recent evidence for the risks, outcomes, and management implications for women with diabetes. RECENT FINDINGS: Compared to men, women have higher BMI and more adverse cardiovascular risk profile at time of diabetes diagnosis with greater risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, vascular dementia, and heart failure. Pregnancy-specific risk factors of gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia are associated with future type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD. Women with T2D may experience greater benefits than men from GLP-1 receptor agonists. Women with diabetes are at greater relative risk for CVD complications than men, with poorer outcomes, superimposed on preexisting gender disparities in social determinants of health, lower likelihood of being offered cardioprotective interventions, and enrollment in trials. Further research and the utilization of SGLT-2 inhibitors, GLP-1 receptor agonists, and other CVD prevention strategies will help reduce morbidity and mortality.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on carotid artery intima-media thickness in and after pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the correlation between GDM and CCA-IMT in and after pregnancy. METHODS: PubMed and EMBASE databases were systematically reviewed on April 2023. Studies measuring CCA-IMT in both pregnant women with GDM and women with previous history of GDM (pGDM) vs. healthy controls were included. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of CCA-IMT were calculated using the random-effect model. RESULTS: Nineteen studies with a total of 302 GDM and 861 pGDM women were analyzed. The average value of CCA-IMT measured in GDM/pGDM (0.59 ± 0.12 mm) was slightly increased in comparison to the accepted reference limits of IMT according to age classes. Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the studies involving both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall statistic I(2) of 86.0% (p < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the studies conducted on both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall SMD of 0.89 (95%CI 0.63-1.15, p < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a p-value of 0.37, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all potential confounders (number of patients, age at pregnancy, body mass index, measuring time, follow-up duration and GDM criteria) were not significantly associated with effect modification. CONCLUSIONS: GDM in and after pregnancy is independently associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. The association between GDM and carotid remodeling is potentially mediated by the longstanding underlying risk.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of infants of diabetic mothers.; With the increase of the incidence of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus, the number of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are increasing year by year. IDMs may be associated with poor perinatal outcomes and may have a negative impact on neurodevelopment, but there are relatively few studies on the neurodevelopmental outcomes of IDMs. This article reviews the relevant literature and summarizes the neurodevelopmental outcomes of IDMs from the aspects of sensory and perception, motor, language, intellectual development, neuropsychiatric disorders, neurological examination and drug effect, so as to provide reference for clinical work. Citation.
A Comprehensive Review of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Impacts on Maternal Health, Fetal Development, Childhood Outcomes, and Long-Term Treatment Strategies.; This review article conducts a comprehensive analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its ramifications for both maternal health and the well-being of their offspring. GDM is a significant pregnancy complication in which women who have never had diabetes acquire chronic hyperglycemia during their gestational period. In most cases, hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance caused by pancreatic beta cell dysfunction in the background of chronic insulin resistance. Being overweight or obese, having an older mother age, and having a family history of any type of diabetes are all risk factors for developing GDM. GDM consequences include a higher risk of maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and delivery difficulties in the newborn. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the infant. Premature birth, hypoglycemia at birth, and shoulder dystocia are also a few of the fetal problems that can result from GDM. Unfortunately, there is no widely acknowledged treatment or preventative strategy for GDM at the moment, except lifestyle modification (diet and exercise) and, on occasion, insulin therapy, which is only of limited value due to the insulin resistance that is commonly present. Although new oral medications for diabetes management, such as glyburide and metformin, show potential, there are ongoing worries regarding their safety over an extended period for both the mother and the child. By identifying gaps in the research, it calls for further investigations and a multidisciplinary approach, ultimately aiming to enhance the management and care for women with GDM, which would impact these affected individuals indubitably.
Early-pregnancy maternal heart rate is related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).; OBJECTIVE: The study examined the association between resting heart rate (RHR) of early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese population. METHODS: As retrospective study, medical data of 15,092 pregnant women gave birth in 2019 was collected and analyzed. The pregnant women's age, educational level, pre-pregnancy body weight, height, parity, family history of diabetes, lipid profile, blood pressure and RHR were recorded during 11 ∼ 13(+6) weeks. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and RHR and GDM. And we further evaluated the predictive roll of RHR in different sub-groups defined by their body mass index (BMI), age, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol and triglyceride. RESULTS: 2313 women (15.33%) were diagnosed as GDM according to 75 g OGTT. According to the quartile value of RHR, the subjects were divided into four groups. Risk of GDM increased significantly as RHR increased. In the fully adjusted model, ORs(95%CI) for the lowest vs highest quartiles of heart rate were 1(as reference), 1.14(0.97 ∼ 1.33), 1.25(1.05 ∼ 1.40), 1.41(1.21 ∼ 1.62), respectively. In the subgroup's analysis, we found the relationship between RHR and risk of GDM was evident in women with low and normal BMI; with normal fasting plasma; and normal serum lipid level. CONCLUSION: The current study shows early-pregnancy maternal RHR is associated with potential risk of developing GDM.
Impaired glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in relation to infertility: a Mendelian randomization analysis in the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study.; STUDY QUESTION: Are impaired glucose tolerance (as measured by fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and fasting insulin) and cardiovascular disease risk (as measured by low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure) causally related to infertility? SUMMARY ANSWER: Genetic instruments suggest that higher fasting insulin may increase infertility in women. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Observational evidence suggests a shared etiology between impaired glucose tolerance, cardiovascular risk, and fertility problems. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This study included two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analyses, in which we used genome-wide association summary data that were publicly available for the biomarkers of impaired glucose tolerance and cardiovascular disease, and sex-specific genome-wide association studies (GWASs) of infertility conducted in the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: There were 68 882 women (average age 30, involved in 81 682 pregnancies) and 47 474 of their male partners (average age 33, 55 744 pregnancies) who had available genotype data and who provided self-reported information on time-to-pregnancy and use of ARTs. Of couples, 12% were infertile (having tried to conceive for ≥12 months or used ARTs to conceive). We applied the inverse variance weighted method with random effects to pool data across variants and a series of sensitivity analyses to explore genetic instrument validity. (We checked the robustness of genetic instruments and the lack of unbalanced horizontal pleiotropy, and we used methods that are robust to population stratification.) Findings were corrected for multiple comparisons by the Bonferroni method (eight exposures: P-value < 0.00625). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In women, increases in genetically determined fasting insulin levels were associated with greater odds of infertility (+1 log(pmol/l): odds ratio 1.60, 95% CI 1.17 to 2.18, P-value = 0.003). The results were robust in the sensitivity analyses exploring the validity of MR assumptions and the role of pleiotropy of other cardiometabolic risk factors. There was also evidence of higher glucose and glycated hemoglobin causing infertility in women, but the findings were imprecise and did not pass our P-value threshold for multiple testing. The results for lipids and blood pressure were close to the null, suggesting that these did not cause infertility. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We did not know if underlying causes of infertility were in the woman, man, or both. Our analyses only involved couples who had conceived. We did not have data on circulating levels of cardiometabolic risk factors, and we opted to conduct an MR analysis using GWAS summary statistics. No sex-specific genetic instruments on cardiometabolic risk factors were available. Our results may be affected by selection and misclassification bias. Finally, the characteristics of our study sample limit the generalizability of our results to populations of non-European ancestry. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Treatments for lower fasting insulin levels may reduce the risk of infertility in women. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): The MoBa Cohort Study is supported by the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services and the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research. This work was supported by the European Research Council [grant numbers 947684, 101071773, 293574, 101021566], the Research Council of Norway [grant numbers 262700, 320656, 274611], the South-Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority [grant numbers 2020022, 2021045], and the British Heart Foundation [grant numbers CH/F/20/90003, AA/18/1/34219]. Open Access funding was provided by the Norwegian Institute of Public Health. The funders had no role in the study design; the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data; the writing of the report; or the decision to submit the article for publication. D.A.L. has received research support from National and International government and charitable bodies, Roche Diagnostics and Medtronic for research unrelated to the current work. O.A.A. has been a consultant to HealthLytix. The rest of the authors declare that no competing interests exist. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: taking it to heart.; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for 1/3 of all deaths to women. While much research identifies the increased risk in CVD associated with pre-diabetes measurements, there is growing interest in the role of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-a condition of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy-as a potential CVD risk factor. This article reviews existing evidence supporting this association, particularly regarding GDM and type 2 diabetes, hypertension, atherogenic dyslipedmia, and CVD events. Finally, it discusses the research and clinical ramifications of identifying GDM as a CVD risk factor, highlighting the need for more rigorous research on this topic.
Maternal Diabetes and Cognitive Performance in the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetes during gestation is one of the most common pregnancy complications associated with adverse health effects for the mother and the child. Maternal diabetes has been proposed to negatively affect the cognitive abilities of the child, but experimental research assessing its impact is conflicting. The main aim of our study was to compare the cognitive function in children of diabetic and healthy pregnant women. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted through a literature search using different electronic databases from the index date to January 31, 2015. We included studies that assessed the cognitive abilities in children (up to 14 years) of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers using standardized and validated neuropsychological tests. RESULTS: Of 7,698 references reviewed, 12 studies involving 6,140 infants met our inclusion criteria and contributed to meta-analysis. A random effect model was used to compute the standardized mean differences and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Infants (1-2 years) of diabetic mothers had significantly lower scores of mental and psychomotor development compared to control infants. The effect size for mental development was -0.41 (95% CI -0.59, -0.24; p<0.0001) and for psychomotor development was -0.31 (95% CI -0.55, -0.07; p = 0.0125) with non-significant heterogeneity. Diabetes during pregnancy could be associated with decreased intelligence quotient scores in school-age children, although studies showed significant heterogeneity. CONCLUSION: The association between maternal diabetes and deleterious effects on mental/psychomotor development and overall intellectual function in the offspring must be taken with caution. Results are based on observational cohorts and a direct causal influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia remains uncertain. Therefore, more trials that include larger populations are warranted to elucidate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a negative impact on offspring central nervous system (CNS).
Cardiomyopathy and cardiac function in fetuses and newborns of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate cardiac function and structural changes in children of diabetic mothers in the fetal and neonatal period using Doppler-echocardiographic data. METHOD: A prospective, descriptive observational study conducted in a private and tertiary care service for high-risk pregnant women. It included 48 children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) considered clinically compensated during pregnancy, with a single fetus and absence of malformations. Myocardial thickness, shortening fraction, left ventricular (LVMPI) and right ventricular (RVMPI) myocardial performance index, and mitral and tricuspid valve E/A ratio were evaluated in 96 echocardiographic exams with Doppler. RESULTS: The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was 29% vs 6% p = 0.006 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The shortening fraction was 0% vs 6% p = 0.242 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. The myocardial performance index of the right ventricle was 12% vs 54% p ≤ 0.001, and on the left ventricle 27% vs 60% p = 0.001 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The ratio of mitral valve E/A waves was 6% vs 50% p ≤ 0.001 and the ratio of tricuspid valve E/A waves was 0% vs 27% p ≤ 0.001 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. CONCLUSION: A decrease in the rate of myocardial hypertrophy and changes in cardiac function parameters were observed in the fetal and neonatal periods.
Evaluation of fetal myocardial performance index in gestational diabetes mellitus.; This study aimed to compare fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) between fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy controls and to evaluate the relationship between MPI and maternal glucose levels. This was a prospective study of 90 pregnant women, including 50 pregnancies with GDM (27 pregnancies with insulin-regulated GDM and 23 pregnancies with diet-regulated GDM) and 40 healthy controls. Isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) + isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT)/ejection time (ET) were used to calculate the MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Fetal MPI, PR interval, E/A ratio, maternal plasma glucose levels on the day of MPI measurement, and neonatal outcomes were compared. The fetal left-MPI was significantly higher in the GDM group than healthy controls (0.43 ± 0.04 vs. 0.40 ± 0.06, p = 0.007). The best cut-off level for MPI was >0.41 to predict adverse perinatal outcomes (sensitivity: 70%, specificity: 68%, area under the curve: 0.715, 95% confidence interval: 0.5143-0.8205, p < 0.001). The fetal MPI values showed no correlation with maternal plasma fasting, postprandial glucose, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. Reduced E/A ratio, higher neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and the need for cesarean delivery were detected in the GDM group. Fetal MPI is impaired in women with GDM, and the need for insulin therapy is associated with higher MPI values and adverse neonatal outcomes. Fetal MPI can help detect fetuses with potential adverse outcome risks, owing to impaired fetal cardiac function.
Rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular complications during delivery: a United States inpatient analysis.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Persons with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications, as well as long-term cardiovascular (CV) risk. Hence, the aim was to evaluate the association of RA with acute CV complications during delivery admissions. METHODS: Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019) were queried utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and a diagnosis of RA. RESULTS: A total of 12 789 722 delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 0.1% were among persons with RA (n = 11 979). Individuals with RA, vs. those without, were older (median 31 vs. 28 years, P < .01) and had a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, and dyslipidaemia (P < .01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, RA remained an independent risk factor for peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.37 (95% confidence interval 1.27-1.47)], peripartum cardiomyopathy [aOR 2.10 (1.11-3.99)], and arrhythmias [aOR 2.00 (1.68-2.38)] compared with no RA. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury and venous thromboembolism was higher with RA. An overall increasing trend of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and acute CV complications was also observed among individuals with RA from 2004-2019. For resource utilization, length of stay and cost of hospitalization were higher for deliveries among persons with RA. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant persons with RA had higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arrhythmias, acute kidney injury, and venous thromboembolism during delivery hospitalizations. Furthermore, cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant individuals with RA rose over this 15-year period.
The role of miRNAs in insulin resistance and diabetic macrovascular complications - A review.; Diabetes is the most prevalent metabolic disturbance disease and has been regarded globally as one of the principal causes of mortality. Diabetes is accompanied by several macrovascular complications, including stroke, coronary artery disease (CAD), and cardiomyopathy as a consequence of atherosclerosis. The onset of type 2 diabetes is closely related to insulin resistance (IR). miRNAs have been linked to various metabolic processes, including glucose homeostasis, regulation of lipid metabolism, gluconeogenesis, adipogenesis, glucose transporter type 4 expression, insulin sensitivity, and signaling. Consequently, miRNA dysregulation mediates IR in some target organs, comprising liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Moreover, miRNAs are crucial in developing diabetes and its associated macrovascular complications through their roles in several signaling pathways implicated in inflammation, apoptosis, cellular survival and migration, the proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells, neurogenesis, angiogenesis, autophagy, oxidative stress, cardiac remodeling, and fibrosis. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to clarify the role of miRNAs in hepatic, muscle, and adipose tissue IR and explain their roles in the pathogenesis of macrovascular diabetic complications, including stroke, CAD, and cardiomyopathy. Also, explain their roles in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Besides, this review discusses the latest updates on the alteration of miRNA expression in diabetic macrovascular complications.
N-Acetyl-l-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress.; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide. How to effectively treat GDM has always been a concern of people.Research methods: In this study, a diabetes model was established by drug-induced mice. Subsequently, the blood glucose levels and serum insulin changes of the mice after N-acetyl-l-cysteine (NAC) treatment were observed. At the same time, the effect of NAC on reproduction of GDM mice was recorded.Results of the study: Mice fed NAC showed significantly improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity compared to Diabetic/Control. Total serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides, and serum low-density lipoprotein were significantly reduced, and atherosclerosis index was much lower than in control mice. In addition, Diabetic/Control mice had lower litter sizes and higher birth weights. NAC treatment significantly restored litter size and reduced birth weight in Diabetic/Control mice. It was found in WB assay that the NAC-fed group significantly increased nuclear Nrf2 and HO-1 expression levels.Conclusion: NAC can improve blood glucose tolerance in GDM mice; NAC effectively relieves the symptoms of hyperlipidemia caused by GDM; NAC enhances the expression of Nrf2/HO-1 in the liver, thereby restoring redox homeostasis. NAC can reduce gestational diabetes-related disease indicators by oral administration, and has a beneficial effect on the offspring of pregnant mice (reduces its diabetes disease indicators).
Preventing stroke and assessing risk in women.; Ischaemic stroke is rare in premenopausal women but risk increases with advancing age and doubles in the ten years following the menopause. Up to the age of 75 years men have a 25% higher risk of suffering a stroke compared with women. However, the increased life expectancy of women ultimately results in a higher overall incidence. Twice as many women die from stroke compare with breast cancer. Women with cerebrovascular disease are more likely to present with atypical symptoms than men. Altered mental status (including unresponsiveness, confusion and behavioural change) is the most common nonconventional symptom, and is reported by 23% of women compared with 15% of men. Other nonconventional symptoms reported more commonly by women include face or hemibody pain, lightheadedness and headache. Atrial fibrillation (AF) and hypertension, although less common than in men, are more potent risk factors for stroke in women. Compared with men with AF, women with AF are at increased risk of ischaemic stroke (6.2% versus 4.2% per year). This increased risk persists in anticoagulated patients with a relative risk ratio of 2.0. Pregnancy is a unique risk factor for stroke in women. The risk is highest in the third trimester and peripartum period. Women with hypertension in pregnancy, whether secondary to pre-existing disease, preeclampsia or eclampsia have a six-to nine-fold increased risk of stroke compared with normotensive women. Preeclampsia doubles the risk of stroke in later life. Gestational diabetes is also associated with higher risk of stroke extending beyond childbearing years.
Atrial septal aneurysm in pregnancy: echocardiography and obstetric outcomes.; Background Atrial septal aneurysm (ASA) is an uncommon cardiac anomaly that increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy. ASA is related to atrial arrhythmia thromboembolism and it may accompany congenital anomalies such as an atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (PFO). There are no studies examining pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with ASA. We aimed to investigate the cardiologic parameters and obstetric outcomes of pregnant women diagnosed with ASA. Methods This prospective cohort study analyzed 45 pregnant women diagnosed with ASA, who continued their follow-ups in an obstetric tertiary care center. Results A total of 45 pregnant women were recruited; seven pregnancies ended before the 20th gestational week (six spontaneous abortion, one fetal anomaly), 38 women gave birth. In total, there were 32 term births (≥37 weeks), six preterm births (<37 weeks), two extremely preterm births <28 weeks). Among 38 babies delivered, several obstetrical complications such as oligohydramnios, spontaneous preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developed in 16 patients, while 22 women ended with term pregnancy without any complications. Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) developed in one patient. Conclusion ASA may have an increased risk for cardiac complications during pregnancy and may also be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Increased attention to these entities with more studies is needed in order to determine a potential risk for pregnant women.
Early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming.; BACKGROUND: Aberrant fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus seems to increase the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The inability to accurately identify gestational diabetes mellitus in the first trimester of pregnancy has thwarted ascertaining whether early therapeutic interventions reduce the predisposition to these prevalent medical disorders. OBJECTIVE: A metabolomics study was conducted to determine whether advanced analytical methods could identify accurate predictors of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This nested observational case-control study was composed of 92 gravidas (46 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group and 46 in the control group) in early pregnancy, who were matched by maternal age, body mass index, and gestational age at urine collection. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to community standards. A comprehensive metabolomics platform measured 626 endogenous metabolites in randomly collected urine. Consensus multivariate criteria or the most important by 1 method identified low-molecular weight metabolites independently associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, and a classification tree selected a subset most predictive of gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Urine for both groups was collected at a mean gestational age of 12 weeks (range, 6-19 weeks' gestation). Consensus multivariate analysis identified 11 metabolites independently linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Classification tree analysis selected a 7-metabolite subset that predicted gestational diabetes mellitus with an accuracy of 96.7%, independent of maternal age, body mass index, and time of urine collection. CONCLUSION: Validation of this high-accuracy model by a larger study is now needed to support future studies to determine whether therapeutic interventions in the first trimester of pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus reduce short- and long-term morbidity.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been linked to subsequent overall cardiovascular diseases. However, evidence on the associations of GDM with type-specific cardiovascular diseases is lacking, and findings on the potential impact of type 2 diabetes on the associations are not consistent. This study aimed to explore the associations between GDM and the risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: Data were from 12,025 women (≥20 years) who had delivered at least one live birth in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007-2018. GDM history and type-specific cardiovascular diseases including coronary heart disease (CHD), heart failure and stroke were defined by self-report. We also combined our results with those from previously related publications on the associations between GDM and risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases with a random-effect model. RESULTS: Compared with women without GDM, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.82 (1.21-2.72) for CHD, 1.43 (0.80-2.53) for heart failure, and 1.19 (0.76-1.86) for stroke among women with a history of GDM. Type 2 diabetes was associated with 43.90, 67.44, and 63.16% of the excess odds of CHD, heart failure and stroke associated with GDM, respectively. Combining results from this study with those from previously related studies yielded odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.81 (1.60-2.05) for CHD (12 studies, 7,615,322 participants, I(2)= 72.6%), 1.66 (1.25-2.21) for heart failure (5 studies, 4,491,665 participants, I(2)= 88.6%), and 1.25 (1.07-1.46) for cerebrovascular disease (9 studies, 6,090,848 participants, I(2)= 77.8%). CONCLUSIONS: GDM showed stronger associations with coronary heart diseases and heart failure than cerebrovascular disease, and the excess risks are attributable, in part, to type 2 diabetes.
Considering gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension history across two pregnancies in relationship to cardiovascular disease development: A retrospective cohort study.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertension (GHTN) occurrences signal elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. There is little study of occurrence and recurrence of these conditions in relationship to CVD. Among women with two singleton pregnancies, we aimed to quantify CVD risk in relationship to the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences. METHODS: In this Quebec-based retrospective cohort study (n = 431,980), we ascertained the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences over two pregnancies and assessed for CVD over a median of 16.4 years (cohort inception 1990-2012, outcomes 1990-2019). We defined CVD as a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina, requiring hospitalization and/or causing death. We adjusted Cox proportional hazards models for offspring size, preterm/term birth status, maternal age group, time between deliveries, ethnicity, deprivation level, and co-morbid conditions. RESULTS: Compared to absence of GDM/GHTN in either pregnancy, one GDM/GHTN occurrence increased CVD hazards by 47% (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.47, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.35-1.61), two occurrences nearly doubled hazards (HR = 1.91, 95% CI 1.68-2.17), and three or more approximately tripled CVD hazards (HR = 2.93, 95% CI 2.20-3.90). Individual components of the composite demonstrated similar findings. CONCLUSIONS: Health care providers and mothers should consider a complete history of GDM/GHTN occurrences to ascertain the importance and urgency of preventive action.
Long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective UK Biobank study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular outcomes in elderly women after GDM. In the current study, we examined whether women with a history of GDM have an increased risk for long-term overall cardiovascular outcomes. METHODS: Among the UK participants, we included 219,330 women aged 40 to 69 years who reported at least one live birth. The new incidence of diverse cardiovascular outcomes was compared according to GDM history by multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. In addition, causal mediation analysis was performed to examine the contribution of well-known risk factors to observed risk. RESULTS: After enrollment, 13,094 women (6.0%) developed new overall cardiovascular outcomes. Women with GDM history had an increased risk for overall cardiovascular outcomes [adjusted HR (aHR) 1.36 (95% CI 1.18-1.55)], including coronary artery disease [aHR 1.31 (1.08-1.59)], myocardial infarction [aHR 1.65 (1.27-2.15)], ischemic stroke [aHR 1.68 (1.18-2.39)], peripheral artery disease [aHR 1.69 (1.14-2.51)], heart failure [aHR 1.41 (1.06-1.87)], mitral regurgitation [aHR 2.25 (1.51-3.34)], and atrial fibrillation/flutter [aHR 1.47 (1.18-1.84)], after adjustment for age, race, BMI, smoking, early menopause, hysterectomy, prevalent disease, and medication. In mediation analysis, overt diabetes explained 23%, hypertension explained 11%, and dyslipidemia explained 10% of the association between GDM and overall cardiovascular outcome. CONCLUSIONS: GDM was associated with more diverse cardiovascular outcomes than previously considered, and conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia partially contributed to this relationship.
Autonomic modulation in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positional aortocaval compression on cardiovascular autonomic nervous system (ANS) function in late pregnancy. METHODS: Pregnant women with (n=31) and without (n=12) GDM were evaluated at 30-35weeks gestation and 2-3months postpartum. Measures of ANS function included power spectral analysis (performed sitting) and RR-variation during deep breathing (performed supine). Time-related changes (late pregnancy versus 2-3months postpartum) for measurements of cardiovascular ANS function were analyzed using multivariate analysis of variance for repeated measures. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were similar for both groups. Comparing ANS measures for GDM+versus GDM- women during pregnancy and postpartum revealed no significant differences. Time related changes indicated that during late pregnancy total spectral power, low frequency (LF) power, high frequency (HF) power, and RR-variation during deep breathing were significantly reduced (p<0.001 for all). The LF/HF ratio, however, was not significantly affected during late pregnancy (p=0.678). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest decreased activity in both branches of the ANS during mid-third trimester pregnancy, but no significant change in sympathovagal balance. Aortocaval compression appears to affect ANS function whether tests were performed sitting or supine for GDM+and GDM- women.
Five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: . The long-term impact of gestational complications on cardiovascular outcomes in women remains a subject of debate. AIM: To assess the 5-year risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality in women with gestational diabetes and hypertension. METHODS: Retrospective study utilising an health research network(TriNetX). The primary outcome was the composite risk of a cardiovascular event within 5 years with secondary outcomes being its components (all-cause death, acute heart failure, myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke). Women were categorised into 8 different groups based on the ICD-codes for pregnancy related complications recorded 9 months before the delivery:1) gestational diabetes,2) gestational hypertension,3) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension,4) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,5) gestational diabetes with pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,6) gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,7) pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,and 8) no gestational complications. Cox-regression analyses were used to produce hazard ratios (HRs) and 95 % confidence intervals (CI) before and after propensity score matching (PSM). RESULTS: We identified, 24,402 women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension and 920,478 without gestational complications. After PSM, compared to women without pregnancy complications, women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension had a higher 5-year risk of composite outcome(HR 2.25,95 %CI 2.02-2.51), all-cause death(HR 1.64,95 %CI 1.31-2.06), acute heart failure(HR 2.06,95 %CI 1.69-2.52), myocardial infarction(HR 2.46,95 %CI 1.93-3.14), and ischemic stroke(HR 2.37,95 %CI 2.06-2.74). Women who experienced pre-eclampsia or eclampsia showed the highest risk of primary and secondary outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational complications are associated with worse long-term cardiovascular outcomes. There is a clear call to action required to improve the longitudinal management of gestational complications to improve women's long-term health.
Cardiac Troponin T in Neonates from Normal and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancy.; This study is aimed at testing the hypothesis that serum analysis of high-sensitivity troponin T in neonates may serve as a diagnostic tool to predict the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). 86 newborns were studied and stratified into two groups: healthy group; newborns with body weight ≥ 10th percentile, born in good condition (APG 8-10pts) of pregnancy not complicated by diabetes, and the GDM group; neonates born to mothers with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Results. The study revealed minimal troponin levels in GDM, and healthy groups equal to 0.02 ng/mL and 0.028 ng/mL, respectively. The GDM group is defined by an interquartile range of hs-TnT higher than the healthy group. This study confirms previously reported upper levels of troponin in healthy children. There are possible health problems that can appear during infancy and influence the further development of a child affected by GDM.
Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in patients with intracranial aneurysms: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to define the prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension (HT), chronic HT, and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in a defined population of patients with saccular intracranial aneurysms (sIAs). METHODS: We included all patients with sIA, first admitted to the Neurosurgery Department of Kuopio University Hospital from its defined catchment population between 1990 and 2015, who had given birth for the first time in 1990 or later. The patients' medical records were reviewed, and clinical data were linked with prescription drug usage, hospital diagnoses and causes of death, obtained from nationwide registries. The prevalences of pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes in patients were compared with a matched control population (n = 324). In addition, the characteristics of sIA disease in patients with pre-eclampsia were compared to those of sIA patients without pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: A total of 169 patients with sIA fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Of these, 22 (13%) had pre-eclampsia and 32 (19%) had other hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. In 324 matched controls who had given birth, the prevalence of pre-eclampsia was 5% (n = 15) and other hypertensive disorders were diagnosed in 10% (n = 34). There was no significant difference in prevalence of gestational diabetes (12% vs. 11%). Patients with sIA with pre-eclampsia more frequently had irregularly shaped aneurysms (p = 0·003). CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia was significantly more frequent in patients with sIA than in their population controls. Irregularly shaped aneurysms were more frequent in sIA patients with pre-eclampsia. Further studies are required to determine whether history of pre-eclampsia may indicate an elevated risk for sIA formation or rupture.
Care of the infant of the diabetic mother.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) from all causes of diabetes is the most common medical complication of pregnancy and is increasing in incidence, particularly as type 2 diabetes continues to increase worldwide. Despite advances in perinatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) remain at risk for a multitude of physiologic, metabolic, and congenital complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia and hyperviscosity, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly of the central nervous system. Overt type 1 diabetes around conception produces marked risk of embryopathy (neural tube defects, cardiac defects, caudal regression syndrome), whereas later in gestation, severe and unstable type 1 maternal diabetes carries a higher risk of intrauterine growth restriction, asphyxia, and fetal death. IDMs born to mothers with type 2 diabetes are more commonly obese (macrosomic) with milder conditions of the common problems found in IDMs. IDMs from all causes of GDM also are predisposed to later-life risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Care of the IDM neonate needs to focus on ensuring adequate cardiorespiratory adaptation at birth, possible birth injuries, maintenance of normal glucose metabolism, and close observation for polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and feeding intolerance.
Characteristics of Premature Myocardial Infarction Among Women With Prior Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth are associated with ischemic heart disease in later life. OBJECTIVES: The authors aimed to study the features of premature myocardial infarction (MI) among women with and without prior APOs. METHODS: We performed a retrospective analysis of women with premature MI (<65 years of age) referred for left heart catheterization matched with a database of abstracted pregnancy data. We compared MI characteristics and epicardial coronary anatomy between women with and without APOs during their index pregnancy and evaluated time from delivery to MI. RESULTS: Of 391 women with premature MI and associated coronary angiography (age: 49 ± 8 years), 154 (39%) had a prior APO (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy n = 78, preeclampsia n = 35, gestational diabetes mellitus n = 28, and preterm birth n = 48). Women with APO history had a higher prevalence of diabetes (33% vs 16% without APO; P = 0.001) and presented earlier with MI following delivery (19.6 [IQR: 14.3-23.5] years vs those without APO 21.5 [IQR: 17.0-25.4] years; P = 0.012), driven by preeclampsia (17.1 [IQR: 12.7-22.4] years, P = 0.010). Women with and without APOs had similar MI features including rates of ST-segment elevation MI, obstructive and multi-vessel coronary artery disease, percutaneous coronary intervention, and shock. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with premature MIs, 39% had a history of an APO. Women with APO history presented sooner after pregnancy but had similar MI characteristics vs those without APOs. Pregnancy history may identify women who warrant early, aggressive cardiovascular disease prevention.
[Gender differences in stroke risk factors].; Currently, there are a lot of studies on gender-related risk factors for stroke. However, contradictory data and the lack of a common view on the problem of gender-based approach to stroke prevention determine the importance of this problem. The most significant sex-non-specific stroke risk factors are hypertension, cardiac conditions, including atrial fibrillation, smoking, glucose and lipid metabolism disorders, excessive alcohol consumption, overweight, low physical activity and sedentary lifestyle, emotional stress. However, the incidence and significance of each stroke risk factor in women are different compared with men, due to women's reproductive status. Hypertension, atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, abdominal obesity, migraine with aura, emotional stress and depression are more common risk factors in women compared to men. The stroke risk factors unique to women are the timing of age at menarche, pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, hormonal status disturbances, the use of combined oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy.
Assessing the causal association of pregnancy complications with diabetes and cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: To the best of our knowledge, numerous observational studies have linked pregnancy complications to increased risks of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), causal evidence remains lacking. Our aim was to estimate the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was employed, which is not subject to potential reverse causality. Data for pregnancy complications were obtained from the FinnGen consortium. For primary analysis, outcome data on diabetes, related traits, stroke, and coronary heart disease (CHD) were extracted from the GWAS Catalog, MAGIC, MEGASTROKE, and CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium. The MAGIC and UKB consortium datasets were used for replication and meta-analysis. Causal effects were appraised using inverse variance weighted (IVW), weighted median (WM), and MR-Egger. Sensitivity analyses were implemented with Cochran's Q test, MR-Egger intercept test, MR-PRESSO, leave-one-out (LOO) analysis and the funnel plot. RESULTS: Genetically predicted gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was causally associated with an increased diabetes risk (OR=1.01, 95% CI=1-1.01, P<0.0001), yet correlated with lower 2-hour post-challenge glucose levels (OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.82-0.97, P=0.006). Genetic liability for pregnancy with abortive outcomes indicated decreased fasting insulin levels (OR=0.97, 95% CI=0.95-0.99, P=0.02), but potentially elevated glycated hemoglobin levels (OR=1.02, 95% CI=1.01-1.04, P=0.01). Additionally, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy was tentatively linked to increased risks of stroke (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.04-1.18, P=0.002) and CHD (OR=1.3, 95% CI=1.2-1.4, P=3.11E-11). Gestational hypertension might have a potential causal association with CHD (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.01-1.22, P=0.04). No causal associations were observed between preterm birth and diabetes, stroke, or CHD. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study provide genetic evidence that gestational diabetes, pregnancy with abortive outcomes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy may serve as early indicators for metabolic and cardiovascular risks. These insights are pivotal for the development of targeted screening and preventive strategies.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Incident Heart Failure in the Women's Health Initiative.; IMPORTANCE: Some prior evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) may be associated with heart failure (HF). Identifying unique factors associated with the risk of HF and studying HF subtypes are important next steps. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of APOs with incident HF overall and stratified by HF subtype (preserved vs reduced ejection fraction) among postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: In 2017, an APO history survey was administered in the WHI study, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women. The associations of 5 APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery) with incident adjudicated HF were analyzed. In this cohort study, the association of each APO with HF was assessed using logistic regression models and with HF subtypes using multinomial regression, adjusting for age, sociodemographic characteristics, smoking, randomization status, reproductive history, and other APOs. Data analysis was performed from January 2020 to September 2021. EXPOSURES: APOs (gestational diabetes, HDP, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: All confirmed cases of women hospitalized with HF and HF subtype were adjudicated by trained physicians using standardized methods. RESULTS: Of 10 292 women (median [IQR] age, 60 [55-64] years), 3185 (31.0%) reported 1 or more APO and 336 (3.3%) had a diagnosis of HF. Women with a history of any APO had a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, or smoking. Of the APOs studied, only HDP was significantly associated with HF with a fully adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.75 (95% CI, 1.22-2.50), and with HF with preserved ejection fraction in fully adjusted models (OR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.29-3.27). In mediation analyses, hypertension explained 24% (95% CI, 12%-73%), coronary heart disease 23% (95% CI, 11%-68%), and body mass index 20% (95% CI, 10%-64%) of the association between HDP and HF. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this large cohort of postmenopausal women, HDP was independently associated with incident HF, particularly HF with preserved ejection fraction, and this association was mediated by subsequent hypertension, coronary heart disease, and obesity. These findings suggest that monitoring and modifying these factors early in women presenting with HDP may be associated with reduced long-term risk of HF.
How Do the Different Types of Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Influence Offspring Outcomes?; Background/Aim of the study: Exposure to maternal diabetes is considered one of the most common in utero insults that can result in an increased risk of complications later in life with a permanent effect on offspring health. In this study, we aim to assess the level of risk associated with each type of maternal diabetes on obesity, glucose intolerance, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the literature utilizing PubMed for studies published between January 2007 and March 2022. Our search included human cohorts and case control studies following offspring exposed at least to two different types of maternal diabetes clearly identified during pregnancy. Collected outcomes included prevalence, incidence, odds ratio, hazard ratio and risk ratio. Results: Among 3579 published studies, 19 cohorts were eligible for inclusion in our review. The risks for overweight, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and CVD were increased for all types of maternal diabetes during pregnancy. The risk of overweight or obesity in infancy and in young adults was similar between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 1 diabetes (T1D). The risk for T2D or abnormal glucose tolerance was double for offspring from GDM mothers compared to offspring from T1D mothers. In contrast, the risk for T1D in offspring at any age until young adulthood was increased when mothers had T1D compared to GDM and T2D. The risk for CVD was similar for all types of maternal diabetes, but more significant results were seen in the occurrence of heart failure and hypertension among offspring from T2D mothers. The risk of autism spectrum disorders and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders was mainly increased after in utero exposure to preexisting T1D, followed by T2D. Conclusions: Offspring of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for multiple adverse outcomes with the highest risk detected among offspring from T2D mothers. Future work warrants large multiethnic prospective cohort studies that aim to identify the risks associated with each type of maternal diabetes separately.
Pregnancy outcomes in patients complicated with pre-excitation syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome are more likely to develop supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) during pregnancy and delivery, leading to an increased risk of adverse events. METHOD: This was a retrospective study of 309 pregnancies in 280 women (29 women had two pregnancies in this series) with pre-excitation syndrome who delivered at West China Second University Hospital from June 2011 to October 2021. All the 309 pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were divided into SVT and non-SVT groups to analyze the cardiac and obstetric complications. RESULTS: Among the included pregnant women in the past 10 years, the prevalence of pre-excitation syndrome was 0.24% (309/127725). There were 309 cases with pre-excitation syndrome in all hospitalized pregnant women. Among them, 62 (20.1%, 62/309) had a history of SVT. In the 62 cases with SVT during pregnancy, 22 (35.5%) cases had a history of SVT. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with SVT during pregnancy. The cesarean section rate was 88.7% in the SVT group, which was significantly higher than that in the non-SVT group (64.8%) (P < 0.001). Cases with SVT during pregnancy had more cardiac and obstetric complications. Four fetal deaths were recorded in the SVT group. Additionally, 29 women experienced two pregnancies during the study period, among whom, five received radiofrequency ablation after the first delivery and obtained better outcomes in the second pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The adverse outcomes such as cardiac complications, maternal and fetal complications (PROM, prematurity, SGA, fetal distress, etc.) in pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were closely related to SVT, with possible risk factors including history of SVT before pregnancy, cardiac function, heart organic abnormalities, and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Impact of prior gestational diabetes on long-term type 2 diabetes complications.; AIMS: While women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and at a younger age, it is unknown whether T2DM following GDM is associated with worse clinical outcomes. This study aims to examine the impact of GDM on subsequent development of long-term complications of T2DM. METHODS: All women with T2DM from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a nationally representative cross-sectional survey of US population, between 2007 and 2018 (n = 2494) were stratified into two groups: those with a history of GDM (n = 385) and those without (n = 2109). Rates of macrovascular and microvascular complications of T2DM were compared between the two groups using bivariate and multivariate analyses. RESULTS: Of 2494 participants with T2DM included in the analysis, 385 (15.4 %) had a history of GDM and 2109 (84.6 %) did not. A history of GDM was independently associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (aOR 2.53, 95%Cl: 1.18-5.40) and likely coronary artery disease (aOR 2.15, 95 % Cl: 1.00-4.66). CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort, women with T2DM and a history of GDM had higher risk of macrovascular complications of myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease, compared to those with no history of gestational diabetes.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Speckle-Tracking Echocardiography.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disease that occurs during pregnancy and may result in fetal cardiac dysfunction. Our study aimed to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with GDM by a quantitative analysis software based on speckle-tracking echocardiography. METHODS: Forty-nine fetuses exposed to GDM and 50 normal fetuses were enrolled, and fetal echocardiography were performed and analyzed in this prospective cross-sectional study. We compared cardiac systolic function between the two groups using fetal cardiac quantitative analysis software. RESULTS: In the GDM group, left ventricular (24 ± 4 versus 28 ± 4, P < .001) and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (23 ± 4 versus 26 ± 4, P = .002) and right ventricular free wall strain (26 ± 6 versus 29 ± 5, P = .006) were significantly lower compared with the control group, whereas there was no significant difference in global spherical index (1.2 ± 0.1 versus 1.2 ± 0.1, P = .425). Additionally, 24-segment transverse fraction shortening of the right ventricle was more impaired than the left, and the segments with reduced fraction shortening were mainly located in the mid and apical sections of the right ventricle, and midsection of the left ventricle. CONCLUSION: Fetuses exposed to GDM may have cardiac dysfunction before the onset of cardiac morphologic abnormalities, and the right ventricle is more vulnerable than the left during fetal development.
Significance of Obstetrical History with Future Cardiovascular Disease Risk.; The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes profound changes to support the increasing demands of fetal growth during pregnancy. An accumulating body of evidence has shown that common pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, low birth weight, and preterm delivery, can be associated with future cardiovascular adverse events in mothers. Factors such as glucose metabolism, hyperlipidemia, inflammatory markers, and large- and small-vessel stiffness/functionality have been linked with these pregnancy conditions. Critically, there are no established guidelines to account for these maternal factors when considering future cardiovascular disease risk, one of the leading causes of female mortality. This article reviews the study of cardiovascular disease and pregnancy, and proposes possible connections that should spur future investigation in an area of medicine that requires significant research.
Association Between History of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography.; IMPORTANCE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are recognized risk enhancers for cardiovascular disease, but the prevalence of subclinical coronary atherosclerosis after these conditions is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To assess associations between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography screening. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort of women in Sweden (n = 10 528) with 1 or more deliveries in 1973 or later, ascertained via the Swedish National Medical Birth Register, who subsequently participated in the Swedish Cardiopulmonary Bioimage Study at age 50 to 65 (median, 57.3) years in 2013-2018. Delivery data were prospectively collected. EXPOSURES: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age infant, and gestational diabetes. The reference category included women with no history of these exposures. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Coronary computed tomography angiography indexes, including any coronary atherosclerosis, significant stenosis, noncalcified plaque, segment involvement score of 4 or greater, and coronary artery calcium score greater than 100. RESULTS: A median 29.6 (IQR, 25.0-34.9) years after first registered delivery, 18.9% of women had a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, with specific pregnancy histories ranging from 1.4% (gestational diabetes) to 9.5% (preterm delivery). The prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis in women with a history of any adverse pregnancy outcome was 32.1% (95% CI, 30.0%-34.2%), which was significantly higher (prevalence difference, 3.8% [95% CI, 1.6%-6.1%]; prevalence ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.06-1.22]) compared with reference women. History of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were both significantly associated with higher and similar prevalence of all outcome indexes. For preeclampsia, the highest prevalence difference was observed for any coronary atherosclerosis (prevalence difference, 8.0% [95% CI, 3.7%-12.3%]; prevalence ratio, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.14-1.45]), and the highest prevalence ratio was observed for significant stenosis (prevalence difference, 3.1% [95% CI, 1.1%-5.1%]; prevalence ratio, 2.46 [95% CI, 1.65-3.67]). In adjusted models, odds ratios for preeclampsia ranged from 1.31 (95% CI, 1.07-1.61) for any coronary atherosclerosis to 2.21 (95% CI, 1.42-3.44) for significant stenosis. Similar associations were observed for history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension among women with low predicted cardiovascular risk. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among Swedish women undergoing coronary computed tomography angiography screening, there was a statistically significant association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and image-identified coronary artery disease, including among women estimated to be at low cardiovascular disease risk. Further research is needed to understand the clinical importance of these associations.
Pregnancy Complications and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Later in Life: A Nationwide Cohort Study.; Background The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalizations of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after adjustment for major confounding. Methods and Results In a nationwide register-based cohort study, women with singleton births between 1973 and 2014 were included from the Swedish Medical Birth Register. Outcomes of mortality and hospitalizations of CVD were collected from the Cause of Death Register and the National Inpatient Register. The cohort was followed from the date of the first delivery until death or end of follow-up, whichever occurred first. The pregnancy complications studied were preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Among the 2 134 239 women (mean age at first pregnancy, 27.0 [SD, 5.1] and mean parity 1.96 [SD, 0.9]), 19.1% (N=407 597) had 1 of the studied pregnancy complications. All pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalization for CVD (ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease) after adjustment for major confounding in a Cox proportional hazard regression model. The adjusted hazard ratio for cardiovascular mortality was 1.84 (95% CI, 1.38-2.44) for preterm birth and 3.14 (95% CI, 1.81-5.44) for stillbirth. Conclusions In this large cohort study, pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and hospitalizations for CVD, also after adjusting for confounding, including overweight, smoking, and comorbidities. The study highlights that less established pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and stillbirth are also associated with cardiovascular mortality and CVD.
Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction in Pre-eclampsia and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Windows Into Future Cardiometabolic Health?; Placental insufficiency and adipose tissue dysregulation are postulated to play key roles in the pathophysiology of both pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A dysfunctional release of deleterious signaling motifs can offset an increase in circulating oxidative stressors, pro-inflammatory factors and various cytokines. It has been previously postulated that endothelial dysfunction, instigated by signaling from endocrine organs such as the placenta and adipose tissue, may be a key mediator of the vasculopathy that is evident in both adverse obstetric complications. These signaling pathways also have significant effects on long term maternal cardiometabolic health outcomes, specifically cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have noted that both PE and GDM are strongly associated with lower maternal flow-mediated dilation, however the exact pathways which link endothelial dysfunction to clinical outcomes in these complications remains in question. The current diagnostic regimen for both PE and GDM lacks specificity and consistency in relation to clinical guidelines. Furthermore, current therapeutic options rely largely on clinical symptom control such as antihypertensives and insulin therapy, rather than that of early intervention or prophylaxis. A better understanding of the pathogenic origin of these obstetric complications will allow for more targeted therapeutic interventions. In this review we will explore the complex signaling relationship between the placenta and adipose tissue in PE and GDM and investigate how these intricate pathways affect maternal endothelial function and, hence, play a role in acute pathophysiology and the development of future chronic maternal health outcomes.
Cardiovascular disease in women: the significance of hypertension and gestational diabetes during pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the major killer of women around the globe. Complications during pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, are now recognized as risk factors for future CVD. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies of diverse populations demonstrate the links between these complications of pregnancy and a woman's future risk of CVD including atherosclerosis, hypertension, stroke, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Markers that persist in these women following pregnancy continue to be identified and include microalbuminuria, proteinuria, elevated homocysteine levels, C-reactive protein, and salt sensitivity. Efforts are now being placed on establishing specialized clinics to monitor women beyond pregnancy to help reduce the burden of future disease. SUMMARY: Pregnancy offers a unique window through which women at risk of future CVD may be identified. Clinicians have an opportunity to implement health monitoring, lifestyle modifications, and other interventions during this period, and beyond, that will help reduce the burden of CVD. Research should continue to focus on identifying and understanding the mechanisms that lead to future CVD in these women; deciphering whether pregnancy unmasks an existing predisposition to disease, compounds the risk of future disease, or is the direct cause of future disease.
Therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: Evidence from human and animal studies.; Obesity prior to and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications during pregnancy. One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a condition characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance that is diagnosed in the third trimester of pregnancy. GDM predisposes both mothers and their children to increased obesity and cardiometabolic disorders, namely type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Current treatments include lifestyle changes and insulin injections, but oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide are increasingly prescribed as they do not require injections. However, the long-term implications of therapies for diabetes during pregnancy on mothers and their offspring are not fully understood. In this review, we describe current treatments for GDM, including the first line lifestyle interventions such as exercise as well as insulin, glyburides and metformin. We also review selected natural health products that are sometimes used by individuals during pregnancy that could also be an effective therapeutic in pregnancies characterized by obesity or GDM. We focus on both the short- and long-term effects of treatments on the health of mothers and their offspring. We review the current literature from clinical research and animal studies.
Cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize evidence on conventional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The review protocol is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019118149). PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Studies reporting on CVD risk factors in women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM were selected. A total of 139 studies were eligible, of which 93 were included in the meta-analysis. Women with previous GDM have significantly higher systolic blood pressure (2.47 mmHg 95% CI 1.74 to 3.40, n = 48, 50,118 participants) diastolic blood pressure (1.89 mmHg 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 48, 49,495 participants), BMI (1.54 kg/m(2) 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 78, 255,308 participants), total cholesterol (0.26 SMD 95% CI 0.15 to 0.37, n = 48, 38,561 participants), LDL cholesterol (0.19 SMD 95% CI 0.08 to 0.30, n = 44, 16,980 participants), triglycerides (0.56 SMD 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70, n = 46, 13,175 participants), glucose (0.69 SMD 95% CI 0.56 to 0.81, n = 55, 127,900 participants), insulin (0.41 SMD 95% CI 0.23 to 0.59, n = 32, 8881 participants) and significantly lower HDL cholesterol (-0.28 SMD 95% CI -0.39 to -0.16, n = 56, 35,882 participants), compared to women without previous GDM. The increased blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose are seen as early as <1 year post-partum.Women with previous GDM have a higher risk of CVD based on significant increases in conventional risk factors. Some risk factors are seen as early as <1 year post-partum. Women with GDM may benefit from early screening to identify modifiable CVD risk factors.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, body mass index, and cardiometabolic multimorbidity: a prospective cohort study.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could increase the risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. However, evidence on its association with cardiometabolic multimorbidity (CMM) was limited. This study aimed to evaluate the association between GDM and the prevalence, incidence, patterns, and progression of CMM; and the role of body mass index (BMI) in such association. METHODS: This study included 203,372 women who have given birth in UK Biobank. The diagnoses of GDM and cardiometabolic diseases (including stroke, coronary heart disease [CHD], and T2DM) were reported by participants or obtained through linkage to inpatient hospital data until 31(st) December 2020. BMI was assessed at the baseline assessment. CMM was defined as having two or more of included cardiometabolic diseases. Logistic regression models and Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and CMM, and the modifications on both additive and multiplicative scales were assessed to evaluate the effect of BMI on such association. RESULTS: A total of 1,217 women had a history of GDM, 2,351 participants had CMM at the end of follow-up and 1,601 was newly diagnosed during follow-up. GDM was associated with higher prevalence (odds ratio [OR]=4.64, 95% confidence interval [95% CI]=3.54-6.08) and incidence (hazard ratio [HR]=3.62, 95% CI=2.62-5.00) of CMM. In particular, GDM was associated with higher odds of T2DM, coexisting T2DM and vascular disease, and T2DM followed by vascular disease. Formal testing for effect modification suggested multiplicative modification by BMI for the association between GDM and incident CMM. CONCLUSIONS: GDM was associated with CMM in women's late life, with multiplicative modification effects of BMI. Our results suggest that maternal and lifestyle interventions (e.g., weight management) are warranted for the primary and secondary prevention of CMM, particularly in women with a history of GDM.
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the Korean population.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a non-traditional lipid parameter that can reflect the burden of atherosclerosis. A lipid profile resembling atherosclerosis emerged during pregnancy. Although lipid metabolism is pivotal in diabetes pathogenesis, there is no evidence linking AIP to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, our objective was to explore the relationship between AIP and GDM and assess AIP's predictive capability for GDM. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis based on data from a prospective cohort study in Korea involving 585 single pregnant women. AIP was calculated as log10 (TG/HDL). We examined the relationship between AIP and GDM using logistic regression models, curve fitting, sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analyses. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was also used to determine the ability of AIP to predict GDM. RESULTS: The average age of the participants was 32.06 ± 3.76 years. The AIP was 0.24 ± 0.20 on average. The GDM incidence was 6.15%. After adjustment for potentially confounding variables, AIP showed a positive linear relationship with GDM (P for non-linearity: 0.801, OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.27-1.97). The robustness of the connection between AIP and GDM was demonstrated by sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses. An area under the ROC curve of 0.7879 (95% CI 0.7087-0.8671) indicates that AIP is an excellent predictor of GDM. With a specificity of 75.41% and sensitivity of 72.22%, the ideal AIP cut-off value for identifying GDM was 0.3557. CONCLUSIONS: This study revealed that the AIP at 10-14 weeks of gestation was independently and positively correlated with GDM risk. AIP could serve as an early screening and monitoring tool for pregnant women at high risk of GDM, thereby optimizing GDM prevention strategies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov registration no. NCT02276144.
The Role of Endothelial Dysfunction in the Pathogenesis of Pregnancy-Related Pathological Conditions: A Review.; In the recent decades, endothelial dysfunction (ED) has been recognized as a significant contributing factor in the pathogenesis of many pathological conditions. In interaction with atherosclerosis, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension, ED plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of coronary artery disease, chronic renal disease, and microvascular complications in diabetes mellitus. Although ED plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy-related disorders such as preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome, fetal growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus, the exact pathogenetic mechanisms are still a matter of debate. The increased prevalence of these entities in patients with preexisting vascular diseases highlights the essential pathological role of the preexisting ED in these patients. The abnormal uteroplacental circulation and the release of soluble factors from the ischemic placenta into the maternal bloodstream are the main causes of the maternal ED underlying the characteristic preeclamptic phenotype. Besides the increased risk for maternal and fetal poor outcomes, the preexisting ED also increases the risk of development of future cardiovascular diseases in these patients. This study aimed to look deeper into the role of ED in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy-related hypertensive and liver diseases. Hopefully, it could contribute to improvement of the awareness, knowledge, and management of these conditions and also to the reduction of the adverse outcomes and additional long-term cardiovascular complications.
Lifetime Duration of Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk in Women With Type 2 Diabetes or a History of Gestational Diabetes: Findings From Two Large Prospective Cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: Breastfeeding duration is inversely associated with risks of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes in parous women. However, the association among women at high risk, including women with type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We included 15,146 parous women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses' Health Study I and II (NHS, NHS II) and 4,537 women with a history of GDM from NHS II. Participants reported history of breastfeeding via follow-up questionnaires. Incident CVD by 2017 comprised stroke or coronary heart disease (CHD) (myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization). Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% CIs were estimated using Cox models. RESULTS: We documented 1,159 incident CVD cases among women with type 2 diabetes in both cohorts during 188,874 person-years of follow-up and 132 incident CVD cases among women with a GDM history during 100,218 person-years of follow-up. Longer lifetime duration of breastfeeding was significantly associated with lower CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes, with pooled aHR of 0.68 (95% CI 0.54-0.85) for >18 months versus 0 months and 0.94 (0.91-0.98) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Similar associations were observed with CHD (pooled aHR 0.93 [0.88-0.97]) but not with stroke (0.96 [0.91-1.02]) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Among women with GDM history, >18 months versus 0 months of breastfeeding was associated with an aHR of 0.49 (0.28-0.86) for total CVD. CONCLUSIONS: Longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower risk of CVD in women with type 2 diabetes or GDM.
NIDDM--the devastating disease.; Of the various types of diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) is by far the most common and is increasing rapidly in many populations around the world. It is a heterogeneous disorder, characterized by a genetic predisposition and interaction between insulin resistance and decreased pancreatic beta-cell function. There is a strong association between the presence of obesity and low levels of physical exercise and the development of NIDDM. However, NIDDM may also develop in lean individuals and the incidence increases significantly with increasing age. A diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes is a strong predictor for future development of NIDDM and should signal appropriate interventions to prevent or delay the progression to NIDDM. NIDDM is frequently associated with other conditions such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia and decreased high-density lipoprotein which are additional risk factors for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The 'insulin resistance syndrome', which includes obesity, NIDDM, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia is a major and increasing cause of morbidity and mortality in many populations. In addition, people with NIDDM and poor glycemic control may develop severe microvascular complications of diabetes, including retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy. Appropriate diet, weight control and increased physical activity will increase insulin sensitivity in insulin resistant patients and are effective treatments for patients with NIDDM or may prevent the development of NIDDM in susceptible individuals. If these measures are unsuccessful, then oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin therapy may be required.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with subclinical atherosclerosis: a systemic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an elevated risk of adverse health outcomes such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Whether there is a direct correlation between GDM and elevated cIMT is still controversial. METHODS: PubMed, Embase and reference lists of relevant papers were reviewed. Studies assessing the relationship between GDM and cIMT were included. Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) of cIMT was calculated using random-effect models. RESULTS: Fifteen studies with a total of 2247 subjects were included in our analysis, giving a pooled WMD of 0.05 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.03 -0.07). Furthermore, meta regression and subgroup analysis found that the association between GDM and larger cIMT already existed during pregnancy, and this relation was stronger in obese GDM patients. CONCLUSIONS: GDM in and after pregnancy is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Weight control may be helpful to prevent cardiovascular diseases for GDM patients.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate fetal ventricular diastolic function in pregnancies of women with gestational diabetes (GD), to determine whether minimal anomalies of glucose metabolism may influence fetal cardiac function. STUDY DESIGN: Fetal ventricular filling time was measured by transabdominal ultrasound in singleton pregnancies between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation. We used a measurement which consists in the ratio between the diastolic time and the whole cardiac cycle time. RESULTS: The study included 35 women with a GD and 217 non-diabetic. Right ventricular filling time (RVFT) was significantly lower in the GD group (mean of RVFT = 39.2 ± 4.4 vs 43.6 ± 4.6; p  <  0.01). Likewise, left ventricular filling time (LVFT) was shorter in the GD group compared to the non-GD group, though the difference was not significant (mean of LVFT = 43.6 ± 4.6 vs 44.6 ± 5.5; p = 0.33). CONCLUSIONS: Fetal right cardiac function is altered also in pregnancies where gestational diabetes is well controlled.
The metabolic syndrome in women.; The metabolic syndrome is estimated to be present in 47 million US residents with a similar age-adjusted prevalence in men (24%) and women (23%). The consideration of various metabolic risk factors as a single entity in the metabolic syndrome provides clinicians with a tool by which they can identify a population at increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women in the US. To reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, efforts have focused on modifying the metabolic risk factors that constitute the metabolic syndrome: abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and hypertension. In addition, because of several circumstances specific to women, including pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, oral contraceptive therapy use, and menopause, there are special considerations regarding risk factor identification, modification, and clinical management. This article provides a review of diagnostic and therapeutic issues that clinicians should consider when caring for women at risk for developing or diagnosed with the metabolic syndrome.
Plant-based snacking: research and practical applications of pistachios for health benefits.; Pistachio nuts are a nutrient-dense source of good quality plant protein, commonly consumed as a minimally processed snack food or ingredient. The present paper is based on a symposium held during the 13th FENS (Federation of European Nutrition Societies) 2019 conference in Dublin that explored recent research and practical applications of pistachios as a plant-based snack, in particular, for appetite control and healthy weight management; and for glycaemic control during pregnancy. Individual nut types, whilst similar in nutritional composition, have unique characteristics which may have a significant impact on potential health effects. Recognising this, the further purpose here is to explore future research needs for pistachios, based on work completed to date and the discussion that ensued among researchers at this event, in order to advance the full scope of health benefits from pistachios, in particular, taking into account of both sustainability and nutritional health.
Three-dimensional echocardiography and cardiac strain imaging in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with premature cardiovascular disease and adverse cardiovascular outcome in the mother. Subclinical cardiac functional changes in the left ventricle have been reported during pregnancy in women with GDM using conventional echocardiography, but results are inconsistent. The aims of the current study were to assess whether GDM is associated with biventricular systolic dysfunction in the mother and whether these cardiac changes can be detected using the novel echocardiographic modalities of strain imaging and three-dimensional (3D) echocardiography. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study in women with GDM and controls examined at 26-40 weeks of gestation. All women underwent echocardiography, and 3D volumes of the left and right ventricles and left atrium were collected. Ejection fraction and left ventricular mass were measured using 3D echocardiography. Left ventricular mass was indexed to body surface area. Speckle-tracking echocardiography was used to assess global longitudinal strain of the left and right ventricles and strain of the left atrium. RESULTS: The study population included 123 women with GDM and 246 controls. Women with GDM, compared to controls, were older (35.1 ± 5.2 vs 32.4 ± 5.5 years; P < 0.001), had higher body mass index (30.6 (interquartile range (IQR), 26.2-35.2) vs 27.5 (IQR, 24.7-30.7) kg/m(2) ; P < 0.001) and had higher systolic blood pressure (119.9 ± 11.2 vs 116.4 ± 12.0 mmHg; P = 0.007). In all women with GDM, there was good glycemic control. In women with GDM, compared to controls, there was lower global longitudinal strain of the left ventricle (-19.3% (IQR, -21.4 to -17.6%) vs -20.1% (IQR, -22.1 to -18.7%); P = 0.002) and right ventricle (-22.2% (IQR, -26.1 to -19.8%) vs -24.1% (IQR, -27.0 to -21.9%); P < 0.001). There was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction, left ventricular mass, diastolic function assessed by left atrial strain, or 3D functional indices. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have lower left and right ventricular myocardial deformation. Volumetric assessment using 3D echocardiography does not provide additional information about maternal cardiac function. Strain imaging is a sensitive echocardiographic modality to detect early cardiac functional changes in women with GDM. Further studies are needed to assess the pattern of deterioration of cardiac function with advancing age in women with a history of GDM. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study from fetal life to infancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) persist in the offspring beyond the neonatal period. DESIGN: Longitudinal study. SETTING: Fetal Medicine Unit in a UK teaching hospital. METHODS: 73 women with GDM and 73 women with uncomplicated pregnancy were recruited and fetal cardiac scans were performed at 35-36 weeks' gestation. Repeat echocardiogram was performed in their offspring during infancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fetal and infant cardiac functional and structural changes. RESULTS: Fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared with controls, had more globular right ventricles (sphericity index 0.7, interquartile range [IQR] 0.6/0.7 versus 0.6, IQR 0.5/0.6, P < 0.001) and reduced right global longitudinal systolic strain (-16.4, IQR -18.9/-15.3 versus -18.5, IQR -20.6/-16.8, P = 0.001) and left global longitudinal systolic strain (-20.1, IQR -22.5/-16.9 versus -21.3, IQR -23.5/-19.5), P = 0.021). In the GDM group, compared with controls, in infancy there was higher left ventricular E/e' (8.7, IQR 7.3/9.7 versus 7.9 IQR, 6.8/8.9 P = 0.011) and lower left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain (-21.0, IQR -22.5/-19.4 versus -22.3, IQR -23.5/-20.7, P = 0.001) and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (13.8, IQR 12.7/16.1 versus 15.2, IQR 13.8/16.8, P = 0.003). These differences remained following multivariable analysis. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with alterations in fetal cardiac function and structure compared with controls and persistent cardiac changes in infancy. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Gestational diabetes mellitus, even when well controlled, is associated with fetal cardiac changes and these persist in infancy.
Maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring.; Since 1980, global obesity has doubled, and the incidence of cardiometabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease is also increasing. While genetic susceptibility and adult lifestyle are implicated in these trends, evidence from clinical cohorts, epidemiological studies and animal model experiments support a role for early-life environmental exposures in determining the long-term health of an individual, which has led to the formulation of the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. In fact, maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which are on the rise, are strongly associated with altered fetal growth and development as well as with lifelong perturbations in metabolic tissues. A mounting body of evidence implicates epigenetic mechanisms (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) in the regulation of these effects and their transmission to future generations. This review critically discusses the current evidence (in animal model systems and humans) that implicates maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy in perturbing the epigenome of the next generation, and the consequential impact on growth, organ development and ultimately cardiometabolic disease progression. Additionally, this review will address some of the limitations of the DOHaD approach and areas that require further study. For example, future research requires verification of the mechanistic impact of the epigenetic marks and their persistence over the life course. Ultimately, this knowledge is needed to establish optimal screening, prevention and therapeutic approaches for children at risk of cardiometabolic disease development.
Down's syndrome: nutritional intervention.; Down's Syndrome patients are known to be of short stature, prone to infections, autoimmune disease, hypothyroidism, leukaemia, heart defects and later Alzheimer's disease. They tend to have older mothers, like Alzheimer's disease patients. The latter tend to have sibs with either Down's Syndrome or lymphoma/leukaemia. Evidence, looking at 28 Down's Syndrome patients, suggests that multiple food allergies, gluten-gliadin sensitivity or intolerance are causing a coeliac disease-like picture with a malabsorption state for essential vitamins, minerals and severe autoimmune disease. It is hoped that missed gluten-gliadin sensitivity or intolerance with or without coeliac disease will be considered as a cause of abnormal oogenesis and spermatogenesis resulting in trisomy 21 and other aneuploidies. The mechanism most likely is low B1 interfering with sufficient release of cAMP for normal meiosis. Alternatively exorphins and peptides from foods may suppress prostaglandin E1 synthesis, or food sensitivities may alter toxic metal absorption mechanisms, which are thought to play a role in the development of Alzheimer's disease. Adequate vitamin/mineral supplementation, especially B1, prior to conception and in the first trimester is recommended for mothers at risk for DS, especially older mothers and a gluten free diet for those with coeliac disease or gluten-gliadin sensitivity/intolerance. Hopefully this will prevent conception of a DS child, or prevent heart defects/stigmata if one is conceived. DS children should be investigated for the above and commence a food allergy free diet with relevant supplements to meet their needs as early as maximum development.
Recent Experimental Studies of Maternal Obesity, Diabetes during Pregnancy and the Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease.; Globally, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death. Most concerning is the rise in cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, diabetes and hypertension among youth, which increases the likelihood of the development of earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease. While lifestyle factors are involved in these trends, an increasing body of evidence implicates environmental exposures in early life on health outcomes in adulthood. Maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which have increased dramatically in recent years, also have profound effects on fetal growth and development. Mounting evidence is emerging that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy have lifelong effects on cardiovascular risk factors and heart disease development. However, the mechanisms responsible for these observations are unknown. In this review, we summarize the findings of recent experimental studies, showing that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy affect energy metabolism and heart disease development in the offspring, with a focus on the mechanisms involved. We also evaluate early proof-of-concept studies for interventions that could mitigate maternal obesity and gestational diabetes-induced cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring.
Do Women with Diabetes Need More Intensive Action for Cardiovascular Reduction than Men with Diabetes?; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This narrative review makes the case for greater efforts to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women with diabetes. RECENT FINDINGS: In a recent meta-analysis including five CVOTs of diabetes medications with 46,606 subjects, women (vs men) with type 2 diabetes had a higher relative risk for stroke (RR 1.28; 95% CI 1.09, 1.50) and heart failure (1.30; 1.21, 1.40). Prior studies found higher "within-gender" RR for CVD mortality in women with diabetes although men have an absolute higher risk. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2-fold higher CVD risk than the background population. Worse CVD and CVD risk factor management in women, as well as lower female therapy adherence, contribute further to these disparities. The mechanism behind this excess risk includes biological, hormonal, socioeconomic, clinical, and behavioral factors that still require further investigation. The need for more intensive CVD reduction in women now includes more attention to screening for both incident diabetes and CVD risk factors among high-risk women.
Insulin resistance and preeclampsia.; Insulin resistance appears to be a causative mechanism for the development of essential hypertension. Insulin resistance syndrome consists of a cluster of abnormalities that aggravate preexisting tendencies to develop hypertension, resulting in a cascade of physiologic alterations and ultimately leading to increased rates of heart attack, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease. Like hypertension, NIDD is mediated by insulin resistance and is expressed in individuals with limited beta-cell reserve. Episodes of increased insulin resistance, such as aging, weight gain, and pregnancy, cannot be compensated for in these states, and glucose intolerance results. In the case of pregnancy, the temporary state of insulin resistance unmasks individuals with an early beta-cell defect and allows for identification of high-risk groups at a time when therapeutic interventions could result in primary prevention of disease. Evidence is beginning to accumulate that preeclampsia is at least partially mediated by insulin resistance as well, and that individuals with preeclampsia may have clinically silent but persistent alterations in insulin resistance. If this condition proves a corollary to gestational diabetes, there may be an opportunity to intervene for primary prevention of some forms of essential hypertension as well. The availability of new pharmacologic agents to enhance insulin sensitivity represents a true opportunity effectively to prevent the long-term complications associated with insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. To achieve this goal, early and accurate identification of populations at risk is essential. A complete understanding of the role of insulin resistance in the generation of preeclampsia will aid significantly in the discovery of the genetic polymorphisms and intracellular pathways by which insulin resistance is translated into cardiovascular disease, stroke, and nephropathy.
Fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: There is few evidence of right ventricular (RV) function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the RV function of fetuses using routine and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography (2D STE) to determine the effects of well-controlled GDM in the third trimester. METHODS: We used a Philips Epiq7C ultrasound instrument to obtain RV data sets from 63 subjects from July 2019 to February 2022. We compared the free wall thickness (FWT), fractional area change (FAC), Tei index (TEI), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and free wall longitudinal strain(FWLS)of the RV in mothers with well-controlled GDM and normal gestational age-matched fetuses. RESULTS: 63 third trimester fetuses (32 GDM; 31 healthy controls) met the enrolment criteria. Significant differences in fetal RV were detected between the GDM and control groups for the FAC (36.35 ± 6.19 vs. 41.59 ± 9.11; P = 0.008) and the FWLS (-18.28 ± 4.23 vs. -20.98 ± 5.49; P = 0.021). There was a significant difference among the segmental strains of the base, middle and apex of the RV free wall in the healthy controls (P = 0.003), but in the GDM group, there was no statistical difference (p = 0.076). RV FWLS had a strong correlation with FAC (r = 0.467; P = 0.0002). CONCLUSIONS: In well-controlled GDM, there was measurable fetal RV hypertrophy and significant systolic function decline, indicating the presence of ventricular remodeling and dysfunction. 2D-STE can evaluate the RV free wall contraction in a more comprehensive way.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. METHODS: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. RESULTS: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. CONCLUSION: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation.
Pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million California pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy present an opportunity to assess risk for subsequent cardiovascular disease. We sought to determine whether peripartum cardiomyopathy and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy subtypes predict future myocardial infarction, heart failure or stroke independent of one another and of other risks such as gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction. METHODS AND RESULTS: The California Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database was used to identify all hospitalised pregnancies from 2005 to 2009, with follow-up through 2011, for a retrospective cohort study. Pregnancies, exposures, covariates and outcomes were defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes. Among 1.6 million pregnancies (mean age 28 years; median follow-up time to event excluding censoring 2.7 years), 558 cases of peripartum cardiomyopathy, 123 603 hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 107 636 cases of gestational diabetes, 116 768 preterm births and 23 504 cases of intrauterine growth restriction were observed. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, peripartum cardiomyopathy was independently associated with a 39.2-fold increase in heart failure (95% CI 30.0 to 51.9), resulting in ~1 additional hospitalisation per 1000 person-years. There was a 13.0-fold increase in myocardial infarction (95% CI 4.1 to 40.9) and a 7.7-fold increase in stroke (95% CI 2.4 to 24.0). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with 1.4-fold (95% CI 1.0 to 2.0) to 7.6-fold (95% CI 5.4 to 10.7) higher risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure and stroke, resulting in a maximum of ~1 additional event per 1000 person-years. Gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction had more modest associations. CONCLUSION: These findings support close monitoring of women with cardiovascular pregnancy complications for prevention of early cardiovascular events and study of mechanisms underlying their development.
Association of Concomitant Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes With Cardiovascular Disease.; IMPORTANCE: Accruing evidence suggests that gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes (GD) are each associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the extent to which the co-occurrence of GHTD and GD is associated with the risk of CVD remains largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study used the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. All women in Ontario with a GHTD and/or GD diagnosis, and a live-birth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, were considered for inclusion. Women with pregravid diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease were excluded. Statistical analysis was performed from November 2021 to September 2022. EXPOSURES: GD and/or GHTD, defined using diagnosis coding. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD (including a composite of myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy), estimated using Cox regression models, adjusting for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. The follow-up extended from the index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. RESULTS: Among 886 295 eligible women (mean [SD] age, 30 [5.6] years; 43 861 [4.9%] with isolated GHTD, 54 061 [6.1%] with isolated GD, and 4975 [0.6%] with GHTD and GD), there were 1999 CVD events over 12 years of follow-up. In the early postpartum phase (first 5 years post partum), there was no association of co-occurrence of GTHD and GD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.42, 95% CI, 0.78-2.58) or GD alone (aHR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.60-1.06) with CVD; there was an association between isolated GTHD and incident CVD compared with no GTHD and no GD (aHR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.51-2.35). In the late postpartum period (after the initial 5 years post partum), compared with no GD and no GHTD, isolated GHTD (aHR, 1.41, 95% CI, 1.12-1.76) and co-occurrence of GHTD and GD (aHR, 2.43, 95% CI, 1.60-3.67) were each associated with a higher risk of incident CVD. There was no association between isolated GD and incident CVD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, GHTD was associated with a high risk of CVD post partum, and the co-occurrence of GD and GHTD was associated with a much greater postpartum CVD risk. These findings suggest that CVD preventive care is particularly needed in the aftermath of combined GD and GHTD.
Non-Invasive Detection of Fetal Vascular Endothelial Function in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Endothelial dysfunction in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with their subsequent cardiovascular events. Prenatal assessment of endothelial function in fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemic environment remains challenging. The aim of this study was to assess the fetal vascular endothelial function in GDM patients using color M-mode derived aortic propagation velocity (APV) and evaluate the correlation of APV with endothelial function biomarkers. METHODS: This observational cross-sectional study included 31 gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy pregnant mothers from August 2019 to January 2020. Clinical data were compared between the groups. Fetal APV was measured using color M-mode echocardiography at late gestation. Concentrations of endothelial biomarkers including von Willebrand Factor (vWF), vascular endothelial-cadherin and endothelin-1 in umbilical cord serum were assessed. Measurements between diabetic group and controls were compared. RESULTS: vWF was the only endothelial functional marker that differed between the two groups. Fetuses in the GDM group had significantly lower APV levels and higher vWF levels compared with the healthy controls (P < 0.05). There was a moderate but significant correlation between APV and vWF (r =-0.58, P < 0.001). There were no associations between APV and ventricular wall thickness or umbilical artery pulsatility index. CONCLUSIONS: Color M-mode propagation velocity of aorta is a non-invasive, practical method that correlates well with GDM and fetal endothelial function. This novel metric could contribute to recognizing early vascular functional alterations and hence represents a potential strategy for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
National Diabetes Month - November 2018.; November is National Diabetes Month. In the United States, approximately 30 million persons are living with diabetes and 84 million with prediabetes (1). Persons with prediabetes are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and stroke (2). Likewise, women who have had gestational diabetes (diabetes during pregnancy) are at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes later in life (2). However, type 2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed through a structured lifestyle change program that promotes weight loss, healthy eating, and increased physical activity (2). A report on changes in gestational diabetes in the United States is included in this issue of MMWR (3).
Leptin and adiponectin as predictors of cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. Adipokine imbalance in the presence of metabolic dysfunction may be a key event in promoting CVD. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma adiponectin, leptin and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting adiponectin and leptin levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. RESULTS: We found the L/A ratio higher in GDM women both during pregnancy and follow-up compared to non-GDM women. A high L/A ratio during pregnancy was associated with CV risk based on lipid ratios at follow-up, especially the TG/HDL-C ratio. Further, interaction analysis indicated that an increase in the L/A ratio of 1 unit was associated with a higher CV risk in GDM compared to normal pregnancy. Finally, low adiponectin levels independently predicted increased lipid ratios at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our findings suggest that high L/A ratio in pregnancy and in particularly in those with GDM are associated with an unfavorable CVD risk profile during follow-up. Future studies should investigate if a dysregulated leptin and adiponectin profile during pregnancy is associated with atherosclerotic disease during long-term follow-up.
Do we have new preventive strategies for optimizing cardiovascular health in women?; Over the past decades, progress in efforts to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has been achieved, although a disturbing trend for stagnation of cardiovascular mortality rates among younger women compared with those in younger men has been identified. While the menopause transition has traditionally offered an unequivocal opportunity to assess cardiovascular risk and counsel women to adopt preventive strategies, the veritable 'window of opportunity', usually applied to the concept of timing the initiation of menopausal hormone therapy, must be opened much wider to encompass younger women including those who have experienced adverse events during pregnancy, treatment for breast cancer, and premature menopause. Collaborative efforts by a number of expert medical groups provide encouragement and justification for an aggressive approach to identify and modify cardiovascular risk earlier in younger women, starting at age 20 years. Quantifying cardiovascular risk with country and population-specific risk calculators can be helpful to validate perception of risk and encourage preventive recommendations. Adherence to established guidelines for lifestyle measures (smoking cessation, healthful eating habits, enhanced physical activity, and weight control) along with treatment of traditional risk factors - hypertension, glucose intolerance, and dyslipidemia - provides a sound basis for prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac adaptation to pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether maternal cardiac adaptation at term differs between women with, and those without, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study of pregnant women at term with or without GDM. For both cases and controls, only women without any comorbidity or form of pre-existing diabetes who had a singleton pregnancy without complication (such as pre-eclampsia or fetal growth restriction) were included. All women underwent conventional and speckle-tracking echocardiography to assess both the left- and right-heart geometry and function. RESULTS: A total of 40 women with GDM and 40 healthy controls were enrolled. Women with GDM, compared with controls, had a significantly higher heart rate (83 ± 10 vs 75 ± 9 beats per min; P < 0.001), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.43 ± 0.07 vs 0.37 ± 0.08; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.80 ± 0.15 vs 0.73 ± 0.12 m/s; P = 0.026) and LV late diastolic transmitral valve velocity (A) (0.65 ± 0.13 vs 0.57 ± 0.11 m/s; P = 0.006). In women with GDM compared with controls, speckle-tracking analysis revealed a significant reduction in LV global longitudinal strain (GLS) (-16.29 ± 2.26 vs -17.61 ± 1.89; P = 0.012), LV endocardial GLS (-18.50 ± 2.59 vs -19.84 ± 2.35; P = 0.031) and LV epicardial GLS (-14.40 ± 2.01 vs -15.73 ± 1.66; P = 0.005). Right ventricular (RV) analysis revealed a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (58 ± 10 vs 66 ± 11 ms; P = 0.001) and RV E/A ratio (1.13 ± 0.18 vs 1.29 ± 0.35; P = 0.017), as well as a higher RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.16 ± 0.04 vs 0.14 ± 0.02; P = 0.023) and peak late diastolic transtricuspid valve velocity (0.46 ± 0.1 m/s vs 0.39 ± 0.08 m/s; P = 0.001), in women with GDM compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that even a short period of exposure to hyperglycemia, as occcurs in women with GDM, is associated with significant maternal functional cardiac impairment at term. Given these findings, further study of postnatal maternal cardiovascular recovery after GDM pregnancy is warranted. Copyright © 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease: an update.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. While it was previously believed that men have greater susceptibility to CVD, recent research suggests that women face an increased risk of CVD after the onset of menopause, primarily due to the loss of the protective effects of estrogens. Premature ovarian insufficiency (POI), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and gestational factors, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, are specific reproductive disorders that may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD at earlier ages, i.e., before the onset of menopause. This suggests that women with these conditions should be closely monitored for CVD risk factors even before reaching menopause. Such early intervention may help reduce the incidence of CVD and improve overall cardiovascular health in this population. The precise pathophysiological mechanism underlying the development of CVD in women with menopause, premature POI, PCOS, and gestational factors remains elusive. This review article seeks to elucidate the latest research on the relationship between these conditions and CVD in women, aiming to explore the underlying pathogenic mechanisms contributing to this association.
Gestational diabetes, pregnancy hypertension, and late vascular disease.; The complexity of the several pathogenic pathways that cause hypertension and vascular disease and the prolonged interval that appears to predate clinical morbidity have hindered inquiry into the association between GDM and vascular disorders. As a forme fruste of later type 2 diabetes, GDM-affected gravidas are identified as at risk of diabetes-related atherosclerosis, glomerular disruption, and pathogenic retinal angio-genesis. That GDM is evidence for underlying chronic conditions such as dysregulation of innate immune response that, independent of the diabetic state, produces vascular disease is difficult state, produces vascular disease is difficult to assert with the present published literature. Cross-sectional studies of patients with established gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are ambiguous as to the possible pathogenic effect of insulin resistance. Cohort studies initiated in early and mid-pregnancy show evidence that both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia may be more prevalent in gravidas with greater insulin resistance. The association of gestational glucose intolerance with gestational hypertension appears to be independent of obesity and ambient glycemia but explained in part by insulin resistance. Late pregnancy preeclampsia is associated with elevated mid-pregnancy BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose and insulin, urate, and C-reactive protein, suggestive of metabolic and immune dysregulation. GDM appears to be associated with overexpressed innate immune response, which, in turn, is associated with vascular dysfunction and vascular disease. Among women with GDM, markers of insulin resistance do not appear to correlate with hypertension in short-term cohort studies. However, when non-GDM subjects are compared with subjects with GDM, postpregnancy studies do show an associated with vascular dysfunction and vascular disease. Among women with GDM, markers of insulin resistance do not appear to correlate with hypertension in short-term cohort studies. However, when non-GDM subjects are compared with subjects with GDM, postpregnancy studies do show an association of insulin resistance with both inflammatory dysregulation and vascular dysfunction. Cohort studies that have used population-based pregnancy databases consistently identify a clinically significant association of both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia with later hypertensive disorders. Associations with coronary artery disease or stroke are less consistent, requiring further investigation. Preventing the evolution of diabetes and lipid and immune dysregulation of the metabolic syndrome has become a silent public health issue because of the epidemic of childhood and early adulthood obesity and the opportunity at hand to treat insulin resistance by behavioral and pharmacological interventions. However, limited available literature highlights the need for long-term cohort studies of women with well-characterized metabolic and vascular profiles during pregnancy and decades later. Our present knowledge suggests that screening for GDM provides an opportunity of pregnancy outcome improvement. Limited studies of diabetes prevention in at-risk patient groups suggest that we may have the opportunity to reduce the risk of later diabetes. Additional investigation is required to determine if interventions that prevent or postpone diabetes also delay the onset of vascular disease.
The birth of cardiac disease: Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the biggest killer worldwide, composing a major economic burden for health care systems. Obesity and diabetes are dual epidemics on the rise and major risk factors predisposing for CVD. Increased obesity- and diabetes-related incidence is now observed among children, adolescents, and young adults. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic pregnancy disorder, and its prevalence is rapidly increasing. During pregnancies complicated by GDM, the offspring are exposed to a compromised intrauterine environment characterized by hyperglycemic periods. Unfavorable in utero conditions at critical periods of fetal cardiac development can produce developmental adaptations that remodel the cardiovascular system in a way that can contribute to adult-onset of heart disease due to the programming during fetal life. Epidemiological studies have reported increased cardiovascular complications among GDM-descendants, highlighting the urgent need to investigate and understand the mechanisms modulated during fetal development of in utero GDM-exposed offspring that predispose an individual to increased CVD during life. In this manuscript, we overview previous studies in this area and gather evidence linking GDM and CVD development in the offspring, providing new insights on novel mechanisms contributing to offspring CVD programming by GDM, from the role of maternal-fetal interactions to their impact on fetal cardiovascular development, how the perpetuation of cardiac programming is maintained in postnatal life, and advance the intergenerational implications contributing to increased CVD premature origin. Understanding the perpetuation of CVD can be the first step to manage and reverse this leading cause of morbidity and mortality. This article is categorized under: Reproductive System Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Cardiovascular Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Metabolic Diseases > Genetics/Genomics/Epigenetics.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus : what after delivery ?].; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs in an increasing number of pregnancies. Due to its disappearance after delivery, GDM can be underestimated despite description of many risks for mothers and offsprings later in life. These women are at higher risk for metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular disease. Overweight/obesity, metabolic disturbances, cardiovascular complications and lower cognitive abilities are more frequent in offsprings. These two populations need an early and adequate prevention of metabolic and cardiovascular disorder from a public health point of view. Lifestyle (healthy diet and exercise) is the best advice to promote in these families. For these women with previous DG, breast-feeding as long as possible and metformin may also be part of the management.
Fetal Strain and Strain Rate Measured with Speckle Tracking Echocardiography in Maternal Diabetes: Systematic Review.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate fetal cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with diabetes compared to those of mothers without diabetes using 2D-STE. METHODS: Embase, MEDLINE, and CENTRAL were searched for observational studies on 2D-STE fetal left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain and strain rate that included singleton, non-anomalous pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. The strain values were pooled per 4 weeks of gestation for meta-analysis using random-effects models. RESULTS: Fifteen studies met the criteria, including 990 fetuses of diabetic mothers and 1,645 control fetuses. The study design was cross-sectional in fourteen studies and longitudinal in one study. Gestational age, type of diabetes, ultrasound device, and 2D-STE software varied between the studies. Glycemic control and type of treatment were often lacking. In fetuses of diabetic mothers versus healthy mothers, left ventricular strain was significantly decreased (7 studies), increased (1 study), or not significantly different (7 studies). Right ventricular strain was decreased (7 studies), increased (1 study), or not different (2 studies). Left ventricular strain rate was decreased (3 studies), increased (1 study), or not different (2 studies). Right ventricular strain rate was increased (1 study) or not different (2 studies). CONCLUSION: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes show evidence of systolic dysfunction, which is more visible in the right ventricle. Contradictory results are probably due to suboptimal study designs and variation in gestational age, diabetes severity, image acquisition, and software. Large prospective longitudinal studies are needed to assess fetal myocardial function with 2D-STE in pregestational diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. The influence of glycemic control, BMI, and treatment should be evaluated.
Insulin resistance and its potential role in pregnancy-induced hypertension.; New-onset hypertension (which includes preeclampsia and gestational hypertension) is a common and morbid complication of pregnancy. Many features of the insulin resistance syndrome have been associated with this condition. These include hypertension, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, obesity, and lipid abnormalities. Other accompanying abnormalities may include elevated levels of leptin, TNFalpha, tissue plasminogen activator, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and testosterone. The documentation of these features before the onset of hypertension in pregnancy suggests that insulin resistance or associated abnormalities may have a role in this disorder. Furthermore, the recognition that features of the insulin resistance syndrome persist many years after pregnancy among women with this condition raises the possibility that these women may have increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. These observations suggest that interventions to reduce insulin resistance may reduce the risk of both hypertension in pregnancy and later life cardiovascular complications, and warrant further study.
The Use of Machine Learning in MicroRNA Diagnostics: Current Perspectives.; MicroRNAs constitute small non-coding RNAs that play a pivotal role in regulating the translation and degradation of mRNA and have been associated with many diseases. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is an evolving cluster of interrelated fields, with machine learning (ML) standing out as one of the most prominent AI fields, with a plethora of applications in almost every aspect of human life. ML could be defined as computer algorithms that learn from past data to predict future data. This review comprehensively reviews the current applications of microRNA-based ML models in healthcare. The majority of the identified studies investigated the role of microRNA-based ML models in the management of cancer and specifically gastric cancer (maximum diagnostic accuracy (Accmax): 94%), pancreatic cancer (Accmax: 93%), colorectal cancer (Accmax: 100%), breast cancer (Accmax: 97%), ovarian cancer, neck squamous cell carcinoma, liver cancer, lung cancer (Accmax: 100%), and melanoma. Except for cancer, microRNA-based ML models have been applied for a plethora of other diseases, including ulcerative colitis (Accmax: 92.8%), endometriosis, gestational diabetes mellitus (Accmax: 86%), hearing loss, ischemic stroke, coronary heart disease (Accmax: 96%), tuberculosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension (Accmax: 83%), dementia (Accmax: 82.9%), major cardiovascular events in end-stage renal disease patients, and alcohol dependence (Accmax: 79.1%). Our findings suggest that the development of microRNA-based ML models could be used to enhance the diagnostic accuracy of a plethora of diseases while at the same time substituting or minimizing the use of more invasive diagnostic means (such as endoscopy). Even not as fast as anticipated, AI will eventually infiltrate the entire healthcare industry. AI is the key to a clinical practice where medicine's inherent complexity is embraced. Therefore, AI will become a reality that physicians should conform with to avoid becoming obsolete.
[Relationship Between ABO Blood Group and Pregnancy Complications].; ABO blood group system is the most commonly used blood group classification system in clinic practice. The relevant antigens, A, B and H determinants, are complex carbohydrate molecules that are expressed in red blood cells and other cell lines and tissues. These antigens are determined by the ABO locus located on chromosome 9 (9q34.1-q34.2). ABO blood group is associated with the development of many human diseases, e.g., cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and tumors. The relationship between the ABO blood group of pregnant women and various pregnancy complications, including preeclampsia (PE) and the related diseases, pregnancy associated venous thromboembolism (PA-VTE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), have become the focus of obstetricians' recent research interest. Herein, we reviewed the relationship between ABO blood group and these pregnancy complications, and found that most of the reported findings supported the following views: 1) Blood type O is a protective factor for PE, while blood type AB increases the risk of PE; 2) blood types other than O are more prone to PA-VTE than blood type O; 3) blood type O or blood type AB may be related to the pathogenesis of GDM; 4) women of blood type O are at higher risks for PPH than those of other blood types. More in-depth epidemiological and genetic studies are needed to confirm these findings in the future. These findings can provide new ideas for researching into the pathogenesis of obstetric diseases and form the theoretical basis for obstetricians to prevent and treat related diseases.
Gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.; The development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a major contributing factor to the worldwide health burden of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Insulin resistance, subclinical inflammation, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension are all factors in this reciprocal interaction that contribute to the development of MASLD, which includes hepatocellular carcinoma, advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). A new risk factor for MASLD/NASH that affects the course of the disease independently throughout life is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with a history of GDM had a higher chance of developing NASH, according to a recent study that used a large-scale database. Although the precise etiology is yet unknown, temporary disruption of pancreatic beta cell activity during pregnancy may set off systemic inflammation, affecting distant organs including the liver. Early screening and management strategies are crucial in mitigating MASLD progression and preventing adverse cardiovascular events in affected individuals.
Pregnancy Complications Lead to Subclinical Maternal Heart Dysfunction-The Importance and Benefits of Follow-Up Using Speckle Tracking Echocardiography.; Pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are frequent and influence not only fetal outcomes but also the maternal cardiac function. GDM and HDP may act as a proxy for increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk later in life. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a relatively new imaging technique that provides more sensitive assessment than conventional echocardiography of the maternal cardiac function. Recent research suggests that STE can be used during pregnancy and postpartum as a useful method of early detection of subclinical maternal cardiac changes related to pregnancy complications, such as GDM and HDP, and as an indicator for future maternal cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this review was to underline the current value of STE in the follow-up protocol of high-risk pregnant women, as a mean for pre- and postpartum monitoring. A review of the literature was conducted in the PubMed database to select relevant articles regarding the association of STE changes and HDP or GDM in the prenatal and postpartum maternal evaluations. Both GDM and HDP are associated with subtle myocardial changes in shape, size and function; these preclinical cardiac changes, often missed by conventional evaluation, can be detected using STE. Left ventricular global circumferential strain might be an important predictor of maternal cardiovascular disorders and might help to define a high-risk group that requires regular monitoring later in life and timely intervention.
Long-Term Metabolic Consequences in Patients with a History of Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common metabolic complication of pregnancy. Universal guidelines on gestational diabetes have been impeded by the long-term controversies on its definition and screening strategies. The prevalence of gestational diabetes is rising all over the world, is significantly influenced by ethnicity and its rise is mainly attributed to increasing maternal obesity and age. Gestational diabetes mellitus has important long-term implications, including gestational diabetes recurrence, increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease for the mother. Gestational diabetes mellitus may be viewed as a chronic metabolic disorder that is identified in women during gestation and may provide a unique opportunity for the early identification and primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in these women. In this mini-review, the evolution of screening tests for gestational diabetes and guidelines are briefly described and metabolic and cardiovascular long-term consequences of women with a history of gestational diabetes are summarized. A summary of our own St. Mary's Hospital-UK Research series on long-term metabolic consequences of 368 women with a history of gestational diabetes of 3 different ethnic groups and 482 control women is also included. We found that approximately 2 years following delivery, 37% of women with a history of gestational diabetes had abnormal glucose concentrations, but, most importantly, even those who were normoglycaemic, postpartum displayed metabolic abnormalities on detailed testing. Future research needs to focus on the prevention of gestational diabetes long-term complications, but also in identification of pre-pregnancy predictors and risk reduction before conception.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet's disease: population-based registry linkage study in Taiwan.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet's disease (BD) METHODS: Data collected by the Taiwan National Health Insurance Administration between 2001 and 2012 was used for our study. A total of 2,350,339 pregnancies from the Taiwan National Health Insurance database and birth registry were identified. Maternal history of BD in women was ascertained. A comparison was made to determine whether BD increased the risk of health issues associated with pregnancy and fetal outcomes. Using an adjusted generalized estimating equation model, we estimated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for fetal-neonatal and maternal outcomes. RESULTS: There were 99 pregnancies in women with BD and 2,350,240 pregnancies in women without BD. The OR and 95% CI of puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7-85.9), and those of gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1-3.25). Both were higher than the values in general pregnant women after adjusting for age, infant sex, urban residence, income, occupation, birth year, and Charlson Comorbidity Index. However, there were no adverse fetal outcomes in pregnant women with BD. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with BD have no significant risks of multiple complications except for puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. Close monitoring of blood sugar is suggested. Furthermore, neonatal outcomes were not influenced by BD. Key Points • Patients with Behçet's disease are at a risk of puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. • The odds ratio and 95% confidence interval for puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7-85.9), and those for gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1-3.25). • Pregnant patients with Behçet's disease have no risks of neonatal outcomes.
Obesity and fetal-maternal outcomes.; In women Obesity has a significant impact on every aspect of female reproductive life both in terms of infertility and early pregnancy complications. It is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, post-dates pregangy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarian section and complications during and following operative procedures, post-partum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism and increased hospital day. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity.
Maternal cardiac function at 19-23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To examine differences in maternal cardiovascular indices at 19-23 weeks' gestation between pregnancies that develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those without GDM, and to determine whether such cardiovascular changes are the consequence of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history or GDM per se. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and maternal echocardiography for assessment of E/A ratio, E/e' ratio, myocardial performance index, global longitudinal systolic strain, left ventricular ejection fraction, peripheral vascular resistance, left ventricular cardiac output and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area. The measurements of the maternal cardiac indices were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared to those in the non-GDM group. Likelihood ratios were derived for those indices that were altered significantly in GDM, and these were used to modify the prior risk derived from maternal demographic characteristics and medical history. The area under the receiver-operating-characteristics curve and the detection rate of GDM, at 10%, 20% and 40% false-positive rates, in screening by a combination of maternal factors with cardiovascular indices were determined. RESULTS: The study population of 2853 pregnancies contained 199 (7.0%) that developed GDM. In pregnancies that developed GDM, there were significant differences from the non-GDM group in E/A ratio, E/e' ratio, myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. After adjustment for maternal demographic characteristics and factors from the medical history known to affect cardiac indices, the only cardiovascular indices that were significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups were peripheral vascular resistance and myocardial performance index, both of which were marginally increased in the GDM group. The performance of screening for GDM by maternal demographic characteristics and medical history was not improved by the addition of cardiovascular indices. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have subtle functional and hemodynamic cardiac changes prior to the development of GDM. These cardiac changes are mostly related to the adverse risk-factor profile of these women. Maternal cardiac assessment at 20 weeks does not offer additional predictive information for GDM development in pregnancy to that calculated based on demographic characteristics and medical history. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death for women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight-affecting up to 30% of pregnant women-increase the risk of CVD. Early menarche and polycystic ovary syndrome are implicated. Premature and early menopause and significant vasomotor symptoms are all associated. Including reproductive risk assessment is critical when determining CVD risk and implementing evidence-based prevention strategies.
Postpartum healthcare after gestational diabetes and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy identify women with an elevated lifetime risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. METHODS: Prospective cohort of women recruited from the postpartum service of a large community-based academic obstetrical hospital after delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP). Interviews were conducted, and validated surveys completed, before hospital discharge and again 3 months postpartum. RESULTS: The study sample included 249 women: 111 with GDM, 127 with HDP, and 11 with both. Most, 230 (92.4%) had a PCP prior to pregnancy and 97 (39.0%) reported an office visit with their PCP during the prenatal period. Of the 176 (70.7%) participants who attended the 3-month study visit, 169 (96.0%) women with either diagnosis reported they had attended their 6-week postpartum visit. By the 3-month study visit, 51 (57.9%) women with GDM had completed follow-up glucose testing; 93 (97.9%) with HDP had follow-up blood pressure testing; and 101 (57.4%) with either diagnosis recalled ever having completed lipid screening. Women least likely to complete screening tests were those who had no college education, less than a high school level of health literacy, and who were not privately insured. CONCLUSION: There are important opportunities to improve postpartum testing for diabetes and CVD risk factor assessment. Most women were connected to primary care suggesting a "hand-off" to a primary care physician after pregnancy is feasible. More robust strategies may be needed to improve follow-up care for women with less education, lower health literacy, and those without private health insurance.
Antenatal Glycemic Management and Postpartum Cardiovascular Disease Risk Screening.; OBJECTIVES: This study aims to evaluate the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles of patients referred to the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Eligible patients had their MHC appointment at 6 months postpartum between November 2011 and May 2022 and experienced GDM in their most recent pregnancy. Included participants were then divided into subgroups comparing methods of glycemic control: diet-controlled GDM and insulin-controlled GDM. Additionally, the MHC recruited 47 patients who have not experienced a complication in pregnancy to act as a comparator group in research studies. Demographics, medical and pregnancy history, and CVD risk scores were compared between the 3 groups. RESULTS: In total, 344 patients with GDM were included in the analysis; 165 were insulin-controlled and 179 diet-controlled. When measuring the median 30-year Framingham risk score based on both BMI and lipids, there was a significant stepwise increase seen from the unexposed group, the diet-controlled GDM, and the insulin-controlled groups, respectively (all P < 0.05). The presence of metabolic syndrome showed a stepwise increase in prevalence when comparing the unexposed group, diet-exposure group, and the insulin-exposure group, respectively (16.7%; 21.5%-44.8%, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings reinforce the prevalence of maternal CVD risk among GDM-diagnosed patients in the postpartum period and the necessity for screening. More specifically, our findings show how CVD risk may differ based on required interventions for glycemic control throughout pregnancy. Future research should aim to compare a more diverse patient population to optimise the generalizability of glycemic control-specific CVD outcomes.
Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome.; Obesity and diabetes have become globally epidemic. The cause of this unprecedented rise in obesity is multifactorial, with inactivity, excessive calorie intake, and genetic factors implicated. More recent data indicate that exposure to diabetes during pregnancy increases the risk of childhood and adult obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Evidence derived from recent randomized controlled trials indicates that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment reduces newborn obesity and therefore may contribute to reducing the global prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome. Current evidence detailing increases in global prevalence of obesity was reviewed together with data evaluating the effectiveness of treatment of GDM. Development of new protocols for diagnosis and treatment of GDM may reduce population obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Maternal Chronic Diseases in the Future: A Cross-Sectional Study Using KoGES-HEXA Data.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MS), in the future. We designed a large-scale cohort study to evaluate the influence of APOs (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), stillbirth, macrosomia, and low birth weight) on the incidence of chronic diseases, body measurements, and serum biochemistry in the future and investigate whether combinations of APOs had additive effects on chronic diseases. We used health examinee data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES-HEXA) and extracted data of parous women (n = 30,174; mean age, 53.02 years) for the analysis. Women with APOs were more frequently diagnosed with chronic diseases and had a family history of chronic diseases compared with women without APOs. Composite APOs were associated with an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, angina pectoris, stroke, and MS (adjusted odds ratio: 1.093, 1.379, 1.269, 1.351, 1.414, and 1.104, respectively) after adjustment for family history and social behaviors. Preeclampsia and GDM were associated with an increased risk of some chronic diseases; however, the combination of preeclampsia and GDM did not have an additive effect on the risk. APOs moderately influenced the future development of maternal CVD and metabolic derangements, independent of family history and social behaviors.
The risk of metabolic syndrome in women with previous GDM in a long-term follow-up.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) during long-term follow-up of women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Furthermore, we evaluated the glycemic measures from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy as predictors of incident MetS. Women diagnosed with GDM were divided into two groups according to the results of OGTT: one abnormal value = GDM1 (n = 338) and two abnormal values = GDM2 (n = 151), while women with normal glucose tolerance (n = 385) served as controls. MetS and its components were evaluated in a follow-up study (mean follow-up time 7.3 ± 5.1 years) according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Fasting plasma glucose in OGTT was the best predictor of incident MetS in ROC (area under the curve) analysis. The incidence of MetS during a <5-year follow-up was 22.2% in controls, 39.3% in GDM1 and 60.4% in GDM2; and >10-year follow-up 24.2%, 46.2% and 62.5%, respectively. In controls and GDM2, the incidence of MetS remained nearly constant during the follow-up, whereas in GDM1 it increased. In conclusion, already mild gestational glucose intolerance may progress to MetS and therefore merits intervention measures to prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Correlation between atherogenic risk and adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication which increases the risk for maternal and foetal complications during pregnancy, and also significantly increases the cardiovascular risk for women's health in the postpartum. Current literature provides contradictory information on the role of adiponectin (AdipoQ) in the course of GDM. The aim of the study was to measure AdipoQ concentration in blood of women with GDM and to find correlations between this adipokine and clinical and biochemical parameters of the atherogenic risk. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The GDM group included 50 women diagnosed with GDM between 24 - 28 weeks of gestation who underwent routine prenatal tests for GDM in compliance with the guidelines of the Polish Diabetes Association. All patients underwent clinical and laboratory evaluation at GDM diagnosis. Laboratory tests included serum AdipoQ concentration, fasting glucose and insulin, OGTT, lipid parameters, C-reactive protein and fibrinogen in serum. RESULTS: The GDM group showed significantly elevated fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR values, total cholesterol, LDLcholesterol and triglicerydes as compared with the control group (p<0.05). The atherogenic index, CRP, fibrinogen in women with GDM were significantly higher than in the control group (p<0.05). AdipoQ concentrations did not differ significantly between the groups during gestation (p=0.7054). No correlations, except with the neonatal weight (r= - 0.29, p<0.05), were found between AdipoQ and the studied parameters. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the conducted studies, it may be conclude that women with early diagnosed and promptly treated GDM have a normal adiponectin level, although insulin resistant changes and increased cardiovascular risk in basic metabolic parameters are observed. Moreover, adiponectin does not reflect the atherogenic risk in pregnant women with GDM.
Cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide register-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and has maternal health implications reaching beyond the perinatal period. We aimed to investigate the incidence and severity of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous GDM in a Danish population and to study whether proxies of impaired beta cell function-insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy and development of subsequent manifest diabetes mellitus-influence incident risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. METHODS: A nationwide register-based cohort study was conducted on the complete cohort of 700,648 women delivering in Denmark during 1997-2018. The exposure variable was GDM and primary outcome was overall cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Secondary outcomes were major cardiovascular disease (ischemic heart disease, heart failure, and/or stroke/transient cerebral ischemia), hypertension, dyslipidemia, and venous thrombosis. Severity of morbidity was assessed using number of hospital contacts with diagnosis codes related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity and number of redemptions of prescribed medication related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women who developed cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity after pregnancy. RESULTS: The median follow-up period was 10.2-11.9 years with a total range of 0-21.9 years. GDM was associated with increased risk of any cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (adjusted HR 2.13 [95% CI 2.07-2.20]), major cardiovascular disease (adjusted HR 1.69 [95% CI 1.55-1.84]), hypertension (adjusted HR 1.89 [95% CI 1.82-1.96], dyslipidemia (adjusted HR 4.48 [95% CI 4.28-4.69]), and venous thrombosis (adjusted HR 1.32 [95% CI 1.16-1.50]). Insulin treatment during pregnancy and subsequent development of manifest diabetes exacerbated the risk estimates. Previous GDM was associated with more hospital contacts and more redeemed prescriptions in women developing cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Previous GDM was associated with significantly higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity, especially incident dyslipidemia. Risks were exacerbated by proxies of beta cell impairment. Severity of morbidity was significantly worse if GDM preceded cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with prior gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; This study aims to investigate the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). PubMed and other databases were searched up to August 31, 2017. Cohort studies evaluating risk of CVD postpartum in women with and without prior GDM were included. Random-effect model was used to estimate the pooled relative risk of CVD. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed to check the consistency of the effect size and to explore sources of heterogeneity. Multivariable logistic regression was used to control for high heterogeneity. Seven cohort studies with 3,417,020 pregnant women including 14,146 incident CVD events were retrieved. In the pooled analysis, women with previous GDM had a higher risk of CVD than those without (RR: 1.74, 95%CI: 1.28-2.35, I(2) = 95.7%). Four studies reported the event of coronary artery disease (CAD) and two studies reported stroke. The overall RR for CAD was 2.09 (95%CI: 1.56-2.80, I(2) = 91.2%) and that for stroke was 1.25 (95%CI: 1.07-1.48). In view of the high level of heterogeneity, adjustments were made for this, with the resulting adjusted OR for CVD and CAD being 1.95 (95%CI: 1.83-2.08) and 1.59 (95%CI: 1.30-1.94). Women with prior GDM have increased risk of CVD.
Correlation between inflammatory markers and insulin resistance in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and systemic inflammation. We aimed to evaluate further lipid profile and inflammatory status assessed by high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and TNF-α in GDM. Based on oral glucose tolerance testing, participants were stratified into three groups: normal 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT), normal 100 g glucose tolerance test (NOGTT) (control group) (n = 40); abnormal GCT NOGTT (glucose intolerance) (n = 37); and GDM (n = 39), defined by Carpenter and Coustan. The three groups did not demonstrate significantly different hsCRP levels (p = 0.4180) and lipid profile parameters, such as total cholesterol (p = 0.4210) and LDL-cholesterol (p = 0.4440) levels. Triglycerides (p = 0.0150) and atherogenic index of the plasma levels (p = 0.0280) were slightly higher in the GDM group. But, TNF-α levels increased significantly in the GDM (p < 0.0001) and in glucose intolerance (p = 0.0062) groups as compared with the control group. Among the metabolic syndrome components, insulin resistance was apparently associated with TNF-α, whereas dyslipidaemia was slightly associated with hsCRP because of the effects of maternal age on lipid markers. These findings suggest that TNF-α has a stronger correlation with pregnancy-associated insulin resistance than hsCRP at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation.
Gestational diabetes and the metabolic syndrome: can obesity and small, dense low density lipoproteins be key mediators of this association?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a condition of glucose intolerance with first appearance or recognition at the time of a pregnancy, associated with an inadequate pancreatic response to the advanced insulin resistance of the later stages of pregnancy, and accompanied by enhancing β-cell mass and secretion of insulin. Women who had GDM exhibit a higher risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Additionally, previous GDM has been proposed as independently correlated with higher risk for development of atherosclerosis in a healthy population, similar to the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and independently of the presence of established CVD risk factors. Available data indicate multiple metabolic abnormalities common in women with GDM, including a high small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) concentration and a resultant high prevalence of CVD and the MetS. Preliminary data indicate that a measurement of sdLDL is worthwhile in women with GDM during pregnancy as well as the postpartum period. A close follow up of these women should be emphasized in clinical practice because GDM could predict not only eventual health risks for these mothers, but also their offspring. Thus, an improvement in care and risk modification of women with GDM may not only contribute towards improved CVD profile, but also potentially prevent adverse outcomes in their offspring. Lifestyle changes should be promoted in order to prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy and decrease the risk of MetS in the postpartum and long-term.
Comparison of Stroke Recurrence, Cardiovascular Events, and Death Among Patients With Pregnancy-Associated vs Non-Pregnancy-Associated Stroke.; IMPORTANCE: Women with pregnancy-associated stroke might have different risks of stroke recurrence, including during subsequent pregnancies, and other cardiovascular events due to pregnancy-specific stroke risk factors, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the rate of stroke recurrence, cardiovascular hospitalization, and death in women with pregnancy-associated stroke compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study included all women aged 15 to 49 years in France who were affiliated with the general scheme of French health care insurance (94% of women) and had a first hospitalization for stroke between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2018. Women were followed up until December 31, 2020, with the registration of stroke recurrence, hospitalization for cardiovascular conditions, and death. Data were from the French health care database Système National des Données de Santé. Statistical analyses were conducted between December 2021 and September 2022. EXPOSURE: Pregnancy status at the time of stroke. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Poisson regressions were used to estimate incidence rates of these events with 95% CIs. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) of each event during the follow-up for women with a pregnancy-associated stroke vs women with a non-pregnancy-associated stroke. RESULTS: Among women aged between 15 and 49 years between 2010 and 2018 and living in France, 1204 had a pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean (SD) age of 31.5 (5.8) years, and 31 697 had a non-pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean age of 39.6 (8.2) years. Among the 1204 women with a pregnancy-associated stroke, the incidence rate was 11.4 (95% CI, 9.0-14.3) per 1000 person-years, with 2 recurrent events during a subsequent pregnancy. Compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke, women with pregnancy-associated stroke had lower risks of ischemic stroke (adjusted HR, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.36-0.77), cardiovascular events (adjusted HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.49-0.69), and death (adjusted HR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.22-0.79). In contrast, the risk of recurrent intracerebral hemorrhage and cerebral venous thrombosis did not differ significantly, whereas the risks of venous thromboembolism (HR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.14-3.58) and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation (HR, 3.93; 95% CI, 1.10-14.0) were increased. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, although the risks of ischemic stroke, overall cardiovascular events, and mortality were lower after a pregnancy-associated stroke than after a non-pregnancy-associated stroke, the risks of venous thromboembolism and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation were higher. Recurrent stroke during a subsequent pregnancy remained rare.
Fetal cardiac geometry and function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus using Fetal HQ.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether abnormal cardiac shape and ventricular global, transverse, and longitudinal contractility are present in fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM. METHODS: A prospective observational study was performed on 80 fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM and 90 control fetuses. Using Fetal HQ, a new speckle-tracking technique, cardiac shape, global contractility, transverse contractility, and longitudinal contractility were calculated. The number and percentage of fetuses with z score values below 5th or above 95th were computed. RESULTS: Compared with controls, there were no significant differences in the frequency of cardiac geometric abnormalities in GDM fetuses. Despite good glycemic control, 60.0% of fetuses in the well-controlled GDM group had one or more types of global, longitudinal, and transverse contractility abnormalities of one or both ventricles, but more frequent on the right ventricle (RV, 50%). The most frequent abnormality of the RV occurred in the transverse contractility (35%), followed by abnormalities of global contractility (25%), and longitudinal contractility (21.3%), compared with controls. The left ventricle (LV) analysis demonstrated that the percentage of study fetuses with only transverse contractility abnormality (18.8%) was significantly higher. CONCLUSIONS: Despite good glycemic control, abnormal ventricular contractility was present in fetuses of women with GDM, but more frequent in the RV. For both the RV and LV, transverse ventricular contractility abnormality were more prevalent than abnormal global and longitudinal contractility. Fetuses of women with GDM should be evaluated for ventricular contractility abnormality and have more follow-ups despite good glycemic control.
Manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy.; CONTEXT: Physiologic changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance, thrombophilia, immunosuppression, and hypervolemia. These changes may herald the development of disease in later life. OBJECTIVE: To summarize current evidence on how pregnancy reveals risk of chronic disease. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: MEDLINE was searched for articles published between 1990 and 2005 relating pregnancy conditions to the development of chronic disease. Bibliographies and the Web sites of the International Society of Obstetric Medicine and International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy were also reviewed. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Pregnancy exaggerates atherogeniclike responses, including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, manifesting as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. These complications herald an increased risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease, with a 2-fold increased risk of coronary artery disease and stroke. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus can progress to type 2 diabetes mellitus. The rate of progression varies from 6% to 92% depending on diagnostic criteria, race/ethnicity, and duration of surveillance (from 6 months to 28 years). Pregnancy increases risk of venous thrombosis by 7- to 10-fold. Heritable thrombophilia is present in at least 15% of Western populations and underlies at least 50% of gestational venous thromboses. Thus, the procoagulant changes during pregnancy can unmask hereditary thrombophilia. An important adaptation leading to immunotolerance of the fetoplacental unit is a switch from helper T-cell (T(H)) 1 dominance to T(H)2 dominance. Patients with a T(H)1-dominant immune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis, improve during pregnancy. However, rheumatoid arthritis is 5 times more likely to develop after delivery than at any other time. During pregnancy, there is a 50% increase in plasma volume, which can unmask glomerulopathies, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arterial aneurysms, or arteriovenous malformations. Development of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy predicts increased risk of later cholelithiasis. CONCLUSIONS: The physiologic changes of pregnancy can reveal risk of chronic diseases. Exaggerated responses reflective of the metabolic syndrome are seen in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes and can herald future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy is therefore an important screening opportunity for cardiovascular and metabolic disease risk factors, with the possibility of early intervention.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function in normal fetuses (control group) compared to those who are exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus using different echocardiographic measurements, and to explore the application of left atrial shortening fraction in determination of fetal diastolic function with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A total of 50 women with gestational diabetes and 50 women with a healthy pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was performed and structural as well as functional fetal cardiac parameters were measured. Data were compared between with or without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and the control group. RESULTS: In the study group, out of 50 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers, 18 had myocardial hypertrophy and 32 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.55). Mitral E/A ratio was lower in gestational diabetes group as compared to the control (p < 0.001). Isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and myocardial performance index were greater in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (p < 0.001). In fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, left atrial shortening fraction was lower as compared to those without myocardial hypertrophy and those of the control group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers have altered cardiac function even in the absence of septal hypertrophy, and that left atrial shortening fraction can be used as a reliable alternate parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function.
Diabetes-induced perturbations are subject to intergenerational transmission through maternal line.; The hypothesis of fetal origins of adult disease states that early life events program the occurrence of significant adult diseases, including diabetes and obesity. Maternal diabetes is associated with general stress environment for developing fetus, and gestational diabetes is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in offspring. Intra-uterine fetal programming of fetal tissues exposes the offspring to increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Here, we examined the transmission of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming in second generation and compared maternal and paternal routes of intergenerational effects. We organized 40 Wistar rats into three groups, male offspring of diabetic mothers, female offspring of diabetic mothers, and offspring of control mothers. These groups were mated with normal healthy rats to assess the effect of grand-maternal diabetes on pregnancy outcome in F2 rats, as well as glucose-sensing parameters, insulin resistance, and glucose tolerance prenatally and postnatally. We found that F2 offspring of diabetic mothers had impaired glucose sensing, increased oxidative stress, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose tolerance, and these effects were more prominent in the F2 offspring of F1 female rats (F2-DF1F). We deduce that fetal programming of maternal diabetes is mostly transmitted through maternal line across two generations.
Astaxanthin alleviates gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through suppression of oxidative stress.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide, which increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease for both the mother and the fetus. Natural compound Astaxanthin has been reported to have benefits in obesity and diabetes. A pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mouse was used as a genetic GDM model to investigate the effect of Astaxanthin on GDM symptoms and reproductive outcomes. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucose intolerance, insulin sensitivity, biochemical indexes of plasma, and the liver were measured; Nrf2 and HO-1 protein levels were detected by Western blotting. Astaxanthin significantly alleviated the glucose intolerance and β cell insufficiency, inhibited in vivo oxidative stress, enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes, and improved reproductive outcomes. Mechanistically, the effect of Astaxanthin was mediated by restoring the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Our findings supported that Astaxanthin was a potential therapeutic reagent for not only diabetes but also GDM symptomology.
Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To offer a baseline for clinical diagnosis, echocardiography was performed to evaluate the disparities in heart function comparing pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (GDM) and ordinary pregnant women. METHODS: A prospective case-control study is being conducted on pregnant women with or without gestational diabetes. The sample size for both the intervention and control groups is the same: no diabetes diagnosis or previous forms, a single pregnancy, and no issues (such as preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction). The females were all subjected to routine echocardiograms to examine the morphology and function of their left and right hearts. RESULTS: In the research, 51 women with GDM and 50 healthy controls volunteered. Women with GDM had a significantly higher heartrate (82 ± 9 vs. 74 ± 8), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.39 ± 0.06 vs. 0.31 ± 0.07; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.79 ± 0.14 vs. 0.72 ± 0.13 m/s; P = 0.031), and LV late diastolic implementing regulations valve velocity (0.6). Speckle-tracking analysis showed significant decrease in LV right ventricular (RV). A study indicated a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (59 ± 9 vs. 68 ± 12 ms; P = 0.001), RV E/A ratio (1.21 ± 0.19 vs. 1.31 ± 0.31; P = 0.022), and a greater RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.17 ± 0.03 vs. 0.12 ± 0.03; P = 0.023). CONCLUSIONS: Our results revealed that the heart function of diabetic pregnant women differed considerably from that of the control group, such as LV-RWT, LV diastolic transmitral valve speed, and LV late diastolic transmitral valve speed. Given these results, further research into the postpartum cardiovascular healing of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus is required.
The Risk for Glucose Intolerance after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus since the Introduction of the IADPSG Criteria: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; The aim of the study was to assess the postpartum risk for glucose intolerance since the introduction of the 'International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' (IADPSG) criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Studies published since 2010 were included, which evaluated the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and cardiovascular (CV) events in women with previous GDM compared to normal glucose tolerant women. We included forty-three studies, evaluating 4,923,571 pregnant women of which 5.8% (284,312) had a history of GDM. Five studies used IADPSG criteria (n = 6174 women, 1314 with GDM). The overall pooled relative risk (RR) for postpartum T2DM was 7.42 (95% CI: 5.99-9.19) and the RR for postpartum T2DM with IADPSG criteria was 6.45 (95% CI: 4.74-8.77) compared to the RR of 9.08 (95% CI: 6.96-11.85; p = 0.17) for postpartum T2DM based on other diagnostic criteria. The RR for postpartum IGT was 2.45 (95% CI: 1.92-3.13), independent of the criteria used. None of the available studies with IADPSG criteria evaluated the risk for CV events. Women with a history of GDM based on the IADPSG criteria have a similarly increased risk for postpartum glucose intolerance compared to GDM based on other diagnostic criteria. More studies with GDM based on the IADPSG criteria are needed to increase the quality of evidence concerning the long-term metabolic risk.
Classical Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Pregnancy and Associations to Uteroplacental Acute Atherosis.; Uteroplacental acute atherosis (AA) is a pregnancy-specific arterial lesion resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. AA is frequent in preeclamptic pregnancies, which associate with increased long-term maternal risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that AA in pregnant women associates with classical risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, glucose intolerance, elevated C-reactive protein, age, and body mass index. We included 237 women delivered by cesarean section (healthy pregnancies, n=94; preeclampsia, n=87; pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, n=39; diabetes mellitus with preeclampsia, n=17). They provided blood before delivery for biomarker analyses. AA was diagnosed by immunohistochemistry in uteroplacental (decidual) tissue collected after placental removal. Statistical analyses were performed with Mann-Whitney test. Levels of traditional cardiovascular markers were not associated with decidual AA within the groups of women with normotensive pregnancies, preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, or diabetes mellitus superimposed with preeclampsia. However, the oldest patient age quartile (36-43 years old) with AA had significantly higher levels of LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and apolipoprotein B (both P<0.01) than women of the same age without AA. AA was associated with elevated median prepregnancy/early pregnancy systolic blood pressure ( P=0.01) in the total cohort, but as preeclampsia was strongly associated with this finding ( P<0.01), this was likely caused by a large proportion of preeclamptic pregnancies in the AA group (62.7%). Our findings demonstrate that dyslipidemia associated with cardiovascular risk is a feature of uteroplacental AA in older women, not of AA in pregnancy in general.
Fetal cardiac Doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes.; AIM: To examine the structural and functional changes of the fetal heart in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the power of fetal cardiac Doppler parameters in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in this group of pregnancy. METHODS: Within the study's scope, 36 cases in the A1 GDM group, 33 cases in the A2 GDM group, and 124 cases in the control group were evaluated. The relationship between structural and functional fetal cardiac parameters and perinatal outcomes was evaluated via fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: Fetal left ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) values were found to be statistically significantly higher when compared between the A1 GDM and A2 GDM groups and the control group (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively), while the E/A ratio was found to be significantly lower (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively). It was determined that the maternal blood HbA1c level showed a significant negative correlation with the fetal cardiac E/A ratio and a significant positive correlation with isovolumetric relaxation time and MPI (p = 0.000, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Adverse perinatal outcome rate was higher in the diabetic group (46.4%-22.6%). When the cases with GDM were examined in terms of perinatal outcomes, it was observed that there was a significant difference in HbA1c levels, E/A ratio, and MPI values between the cases in the group with adverse perinatal outcomes and the group with normal results (p = 0.001, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The strong relationship between abnormal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes suggest that cardiac Doppler may be a valuable tool for fetal monitoring and management for the GDM patient group.
Neonatal Myocardial Infarction in Association With Gestational Diabetes.; Fetal and neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a complication of gestational diabetes and usually follows a benign course. In this report, we present a rare case of a newborn of a diabetic mother with severe ventricular hypertrophy who developed myocardial infarction confirmed by elevated cardiac enzymes, electrocardiographic changes, and subendocardial ischemia on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Follow-up revealed complete functional myocardial recovery with normalisation of ventricular systolic and diastolic functions on serial echocardiograms.
Previous gestational diabetes history is associated with impaired coronary flow reserve.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prediabetic state that is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We have investigated coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) and epicardial fat thickness (EFT), and left ventricular diastolic function in patients with a history of previous GDM (p-GDM). METHODS: Ninety-three women with GDM history and 95 healthy women without GDM history were recruited. We used transthoracic Doppler echocardiography to assess CFVR, EFT, and left ventricular diastolic function. Insulin resistance of each subject was assessed with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Hemoglobin A1c and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were also measured in all patients. RESULTS: CFVR values were significantly lower (2.34 ± 0.39 versus 2.80 ± 0.24, p < 0.001) and EFT values were significantly higher in patients with p-GDM than the control group (5.5 ± 1.3 versus 4.3 ± 1.1, p < 0.001). E/E' ratio (7.21 ± 1.77 versus 6.53 ± 1.38, p = 0.003), hemoglobin A1c (5.2 ± 0.4 and 5.0 ± 0.3, p = 0.001), HOMA-IR (2.8 ± 1.4 versus 1.7 ± 0.9, p = 0.04), and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in the p-GDM group than the control group. Multivariate analysis revealed that gestational diabetes history is independently associated with CFVR. CONCLUSION: Women with a GDM history may be at more risk regarding coronary microvascular dysfunction compared to the healthy ones.
Can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?; AIM: o examine the association between glucose level during pregnancy and the subsequent development of long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was conducted. The study included all women who had at least one glucose measurement during their pregnancies. Cases were all women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity (n = 815). Controls were randomly matched by age and year of delivery (n = 6065). The atherosclerotic morbidity group was further divided by severity: major events (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular disease, chronic renal failure), minor events (hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidaemia without target organ damage or complications) and cardiac evaluation tests (such as coronary angiography without records of atherosclerosis, cardiac scan and stress test). The mean follow-up duration for the study group was 74 months. Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. RESULTS: A significant linear association was found between glucose levels during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Among the cases with severe atherosclerotic morbidity, the proportion of women with a high glucose level (> 5.5 mmol/l) was the highest, whereas in controls it was the lowest (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for atherosclerotic confounders such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and obesity, a glucose level of > 5.5 mmol/l was noted as an independent risk factor for hospitalizations later in non-pregnant life (hazard ratio = 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.1-1.5, P < 0.003). CONCLUSION: A high glucose level during pregnancy, even if within the range of slight glucose intolerance, may serve as a marker for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Further long-term studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Geometry and Contractility in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Two-Dimensional Speckle-Tracking Technology.; Background: The most commonly known cardiac effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GD) in the fetus is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but recent studies show that it is preceded by subclinical cardiac dysfunction. This study aimed to assess the effect of GD on fetal cardiac geometry and contractility by two-dimensional speckle-tracking technology. Methods: We performed a prospective observational study that included 33 pregnant patients with GD and 30 healthy individuals. For all fetuses, a four-chamber 3 s cine-loop was recorded and analyzed with Fetal Heart Quantification (FetalHQ®), a novel proprietary speckle-tracking software. The following cardiac indices were calculated: global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter (EDD), fractional shortening (FS), and sphericity index (SI) for both ventricles. Demographic and cardiac differences between the two groups were analyzed, as well as intra-rater and inter-rater reliability. Results: There were significant changes in right ventricular FAC and FS for segments 4−24 in fetuses exposed to GD (−1 SD, p < 0.05). No significant differences were detected for GSI, GLS, EDD, or SI for either ventricle. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to GD present impaired right ventricular contractility, especially in the mid and apical segments.
A Rare Case of Acute Myocardial Infarction in Pregnancy: Successful Treatment Strategies.; BACKGROUND Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is rare, but is associated with a high mortality rate, particularly during labor and delivery. This article concerns a 23-year-old woman with a history of insulin-treated gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism treated with levothyroxine presenting at 32 weeks of pregnancy with acute chest pain and coronary artery occlusion requiring angioplasty followed by cesarean delivery. The aim of this report is to outline the diagnostic difficulties of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and to present their treatment. CASE REPORT A 23-year-old female patient at 32 weeks' gestation treated for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism was admitted to the hospital due to acute chest pain. The ECG showed ST-segment elevation in leads I, aVL, and V4-V6 and elevated troponin T. Based on this, the patient was diagnosed with myocardial infarction and given low-molecular heparin, followed by primary coronary angioplasty with revascularization. After the procedure, she received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel. The pregnancy was terminated at 38 weeks by cesarean section, delivering a healthy baby. CONCLUSIONS This report shows the importance of rapid and accurate diagnosis and management of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy, and delivery by cesarean section, to ensure survival of the mother and the child.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus : prelude of risks not to be misunderstood].; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication in pregnant women. It is diagnosed between the 24th and 28th last menstrual period thanks to an oral glucose tolerance test with 75 g of glucose. Although blood glucose levels usually return to normal after childbirth, it can lead to some medium- and long-term complications, including cardiovascular, metabolic and renal complications. Early detection of various risk factors related to these complications would avoid some negative consequences for women with background of gestational diabetes.
Obesity, waist-hip ratio and hunter-gatherers.; Obesity is a rapidly growing global problem. It is not simply the result of eating too much, and not all types of obesity have the same significance. Obesity is in part genetic, and one particularly important genetic type of obesity is the tendency to 'truncal obesity',-that is, a raised waist-to-hip ratio. Such obesity is powerfully associated not only with a tendency to diabetes, but also to cardiovascular disease, ('Syndrome X'). Interestingly, this is the type of obesity seen in every hunter-gatherer (HG) population around the globe. Such people are intolerant of carbohydrate, especially refined carbohydrate, especially in the excessive amounts typically consumed in affluent societies. In such pure HG communities, rates of diabetes can be as high as 50%, when the 'Western' lifestyle is adopted. Many of us, however, share some of their genes and their carbohydrate intolerance-perhaps as many as 20 or 30% of the world's population. Pregnancy can uncover this characteristic, and obesity and glucose intolerance in pregnancy are rapidly burgeoning problems. Quite contrary to the common nutritional dogma of encouraging regular carbohydrates, it is suggested that pregnant women with a high waist-to-hip ratio should be strongly advised to adhere to a low-glycaemic-index diet. Additionally, many dietary interventions, some of them derived from observation of HG populations, are of proven benefit in reducing the expression of glucose intolerance and may well help in tackling the obesity epidemic.
Incidence of Heart Failure Related to Co-Occurrence of Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The extent to which their co-occurrence of gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) influences heart failure (HF) risk is unclear. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to characterize the risk of HF related to concomitant GHTD and GDM. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We included women with a livebirth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, and excluded those with prepregnancy diabetes, hypertension, HF, or coronary artery disease. GDM, GHTD, peripartum cardiomyopathy (at index pregnancy) were identified using diagnosis coding. Incident HF was assessed from index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. We estimated associations of GDM and/or GHTD with peripartum cardiomyopathy and incident HF. RESULTS: Among 885,873 women (mean age: 30 years, 54,015 with isolated GDM, 43,750 with isolated GHTD, 4,960 with GDM and GHTD), there were 489 HF events over 8 years. Compared to no-GDM and no-GHTD, isolated GDM (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR]: 1.44; 95% CI: 1.02-2.04) and isolated GHTD (aHR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.17-2.31) were associated with a higher risk of incident HF. The co-occurrence of GDM and GHTD was associated with a higher HF risk (aHR: 2.64; 95% CI: 1.24-5.61). GDM and GHTD increased the risk of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted risk ratio [aRR]: 7.30; 95% CI: 6.92-7.58), similarly to isolated GHTD (aRR: 7.40; 95% CI: 7.23-7.58). CONCLUSIONS: The co-occurrence of GDM and GHTD was associated with a significantly high risk of incident HF.
The life course perspective of gestational diabetes: An opportunity for the prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has traditionally been defined as glucose intolerance of varying severity with first onset in pregnancy, is rising in prevalence with maternal hyperglycemia currently affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide. Although often perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy, GDM is actually a chronic cardiometabolic disorder that identifies women who have an elevated lifetime risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In identifying high-risk women early in the natural history of these conditions, the diagnosis of GDM raises the tantalizing possibility of early intervention and risk modification. However, before such promise can be realized in practice, a series of clinical challenges/obstacles (reviewed herein) must be overcome. Ultimately, the coupling of this life course perspective of GDM with concerted efforts to overcome these challenges may enable fulfilment of this unique opportunity for the primary prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.
Some thoughts on the vasculopathy of women with ischemic heart disease.; Considerable experimental and clinical data indicate that sex has an important influence on cardiovascular physiology and pathology. This report integrates selected literature with new data from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) on vascular findings in women with ischemic heart disease (IHD) and how these findings differ from those in men. A number of common vascular disease-related conditions are either unique to (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, peripartum dissection, polycystic ovarian syndrome, etc.) or more frequent (e.g., migraine, coronary spasm, lupus, vasculitis, Raynaud's phenomenon, etc.) in women than men. Post-menopausal women more frequently have many traditional vascular disease risk conditions (e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, inactivity, and so on), and these conditions cluster more frequently in them than men. Considerable evidence supports the notion that, with these requisite conditions, women develop a more severe or somewhat different form of vascular disease than men. Structurally, women's coronary vessels are smaller in size and appear to contain more diffuse atherosclerosis, their aortas are stiffer (fibrosis, remodeling, and so on), and their microvessels appear to be more frequently dysfunctional compared with men. Functionally, women's vessels frequently show impaired vasodilator responses. Limitations of existing data and higher risks in women with acute myocardial infarction, need for revascularization, or heart failure create uncertainty about management. A better understanding of these findings should provide direction for new algorithms to improve management of the vasculopathy underlying IHD in women.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal right heart growth in late-term pregnancy: A prospective study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy strongly associated with an increased risk of structural fetal abnormalities. As the fetal heart grows quickly during the late-term pregnancy period, it is important to understand fetal heart growth before birth. This study explored how GDM affects fetal heart growth by evaluating basic echocardiography indicators during late pregnancy. METHODS: This prospective, longitudinal study included 63 GDM patients (GDM group) and 67 healthy pregnant women (control group). All subjects underwent fetal echocardiography scans at gestational weeks 28-32, 32-36, and 36-40. Twelve echocardiographic indicators were assessed at each observation and analyzed by using a mixed model. RESULTS: The left atrial diameter (LA) and left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LV) similarly increased from the first to the third observation. The right ventricular end-diastolic diameter (RV) was significantly different between the groups, and a group × time interaction was detected. The tricuspid annular peak systolic velocity (s') increased more rapidly in the GDM than the control group during the first to second observations, and the group × time interaction was significant. The increase in the tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) of the GDM group was "slow-fast", while that of the control group was "fast-slow", during three observations. After adjusting covariates, the group difference and interaction effect of TAPSE and RV remained significant. CONCLUSIONS: The differences in fetal right heart indicators between the GDM and control groups suggest that GDM may affect the structure and functional growth of the fetal right heart during late-term pregnancy.
Epidemiology of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: prevalence, risk factors, predictors and prognosis.; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) represent some of the most important problems faced by public health because HDP is a major cause of maternal and prenatal morbidity and mortality. Several epidemiological studies have been performed to determine the prevalence and risk factors of HDP as well as its subtypes. The prevalences of HDP, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia are 5.2-8.2%, 1.8-4.4% and 0.2-9.2%, respectively. Body mass index, anemia and lower education appear to be modifiable risk factors for HDP. Maternal age, primiparous, multiple pregnancy, HDP in previous pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preexisting hypertension, preexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus, preexisting urinary tract infection and a family history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia appear to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Genetic variants including a single-nucleotide polymorphism in the angiotensinogen gene have also been reported to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Epidemiological studies have recently examined the associations between a history of HDP and its subtypes and future risks of other diseases. These studies have reported associations between a history of HDP and a risk of coronary heart disease, heart failure, dysrhythmia, stroke, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, end-stage renal dysfunction and cardiomyopathy. HDP is not associated with the future incidence of total cancer. In conclusion, HDP is not a rare complication of pregnancy and the influence of HDP remains for an extended duration. Physicians should consider the effects of HDP when treating chronic diseases in women.
Evaluation of right side foetal myocardial performance index in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; The aim of our study is to investigate the myocardial performance index (MPI) of the right side of the foetal heart in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare it with non-diabetic pregnancies. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted between August 2018 and March 2019 at Kanuni Sultan Suleyman Research and Training Hospital. Women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-34 weeks of gestation were included in the study and non-diabetic pregnant women were included as the control group. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart were evaluated and compared between the groups. A total of 65 pregestational or gestational diabetic patients and 65 non-diabetic patients were included in the study. Isovolumetric contraction time and isovolumetric relaxation time values were significantly longer in the diabetic group (p < .001). Ejection time values were significantly shorter in the diabetic group (p < .001). MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group than the non-diabetic group (p < .001). In conclusion, MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus causes foetal cardiomyopathy and foetal diastolic dysfunction. Myocardial performance index (MPI) is a non-invasive, Doppler-derived myocardial performance assessment that is independent of both heart rate and ventricular anatomy.What do the results of this study add? MPI of the right side of the foetal heart was significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. There was no difference in right ventricular MPI between pregestational and gestational groups in diabetic pregnancies, and between insulin using and not insulin using groups.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study results are promising. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. Prospective cohort studies evaluating serial MPI and evaluating by postpartum foetal echocardiography are needed to evaluate possible adverse effects of diabetes on foetal cardiac functions.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease which should prompt screening for other cardiovascular risk factors, including dyslipidaemia. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are not routinely screened for cardiovascular risk factors. AIMS: The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of dyslipidaemia postpartum in women with GDM. METHODS: The study was performed in a large university hospital. Women with GDM had a fasting lipid profile performed 6 weeks postnatally. Clinical details were obtained from the medical records. Lipid results in our cohort were compared with healthy women of the same age. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of postpartum dyslipidaemia was 52 % (n = 51). Total cholesterol was raised in 44 % (n = 43), low-density lipoprotein was raised in 33 % (n = 32) and triglycerides were raised in 16 % (n = 16). Of the 51 women with dyslipidaemia, 73 % (n = 37) had more than one abnormality in their lipid profile. Four of the five women with an abnormal postpartum GTT had an abnormal lipid profile. Compared with healthy women of the same age, women with GDM had higher total cholesterol (p = 0.04), higher LDL (p = 0.003), higher triglycerides (p < 0.001) and lower HDL (p < 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM should be screened for dyslipidaemia postpartum and protective cardiovascular interventions offered where appropriate.
Placental Fatty Acid Metabolism and Transport in a Rat Model of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of heightened insulin resistance triggered during gestation. This study examines how insulin resistance alters placental long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) transport and metabolism in a rat model of lean GDM. Pregnant Sprague Dawley rats were administered with S961, an insulin receptor antagonist (30 nmol/kg s.c. daily), or vehicle from gestational day (GD) 7 to 20. Daily maternal body weight, food, and water intake were measured. Blood pressure assessment and glucose tolerance test were done on GD20. Fetal plasma and placenta were collected on GD20 and processed for fatty acid measurement using LC-mass spectrometry. The expression of fatty acid metabolism-related genes in the placenta was assessed using RT(2) Profiler PCR arrays. The results were validated by qRT-PCR. Blockade of insulin receptors with S961 in pregnant rats resulted in glucose intolerance with increased fasting glucose and insulin levels. Maternal body weight gain and food and water intake were not affected; however, S961 significantly increased maternal blood pressure and heart rate. The placenta n3 and n6 LCPUFA concentrations were significantly decreased by 8% and 11%, respectively, but their levels in the fetal plasma were increased by 15% and 4%. RT2 profiler arrays revealed that placental expressions of 10 genes related to fatty acid β-oxidation (Acaa1a, Acadm, Acot2, Acox2, Acsbg1, Acsl4, Acsm5, Cpt1b, Eci2, Ehhadh) and 3 genes related to fatty acid transport pathway (Fabp2, Fabp3, Slc27a3) were significantly upregulated. In summary, lack of insulin action increased the expression of genes related to placental fatty acid β-oxidation and transport with an increased transfer of LCPUFA to the fetus. The increased lipid levels routed toward the fetus may lead to fat adiposity and later-life metabolic dysfunction.
Increased Fetal Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Potential Synergy Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Maternal Hypercholesterolemia.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death worldwide. Evidence suggests that the risk for CVD can increase at the fetal stages due to maternal metabolic diseases, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal supraphysiological hypercholesterolemia (MSPH). GDM is a hyperglycemic, inflammatory, and insulin-resistant state that increases plasma levels of free fatty acids and triglycerides, impairs endothelial vascular tone regulation, and due to the increased nutrient transport, exposes the fetus to the altered metabolic conditions of the mother. MSPH involves increased levels of cholesterol (mainly as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) which also causes endothelial dysfunction and alters nutrient transport to the fetus. Despite that an association has already been established between MSPH and increased CVD risk, however, little is known about the cellular processes underlying this relationship. Our knowledge is further obscured when the simultaneous presentation of MSPH and GDM takes place. In this context, GDM and MSPH may substantially increase fetal CVD risk due to synergistic impairment of placental nutrient transport and endothelial dysfunction. More studies on the separate and/or cumulative role of both processes are warranted to suggest specific treatment options.
A Case of Postnatal Aortic Arch Atresia.; BACKGROUND: Aortic arch atresia is a rare congenital cardiac defect that may occur after birth. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus may increase the risk of aortic arch atresia in newborns after birth. CASE DESCRIPTION: A 16-day-old infant was referred to our hospital on the 15th postnatal day after an interrupted or atretic aortic arch was discovered. No obvious abnormality was detected in the infant during the prenatal ultrasound. Laboratory tests showed elevated inflammatory marker levels. Transthoracic echocardiography showed stenosis of the transverse arch of the aorta and a blind end at the distal end of the left subclavian artery. During surgery, it was found that the isthmus of the aorta was uninterrupted but completely occluded due to inflammation. CONCLUSION: This case demonstrates that type A interrupted aortic arch and coarctation of the aorta can be acquired after birth, and if coarctation of the aorta is complicated by inflammation or if the pregnant women have gestational diabetes mellitus, it can result in aortic arch atresia as the patient's condition worsens. It is advised to consider aortic arch atresia when imaging reveals type A interrupted aortic arch.
Optimising Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy: A Review of Risk Prediction Models Targeting Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders.; Cardiovascular disease, especially coronary heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, is a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women globally. The development of cardiometabolic conditions in pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, portend an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease in women. Pregnancy therefore represents a unique opportunity to detect and manage risk factors, prior to the development of cardiovascular sequelae. Risk prediction models for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy can help identify at-risk women in early pregnancy, allowing timely intervention to mitigate both short- and long-term adverse outcomes. In this narrative review, we outline the shared pathophysiological pathways for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, summarise contemporary risk prediction models and candidate predictors for these conditions, and discuss the utility of these models in clinical application.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Overall and Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases: A Population- and Sibling-Matched Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and various incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) end points, considering the effects of the mediating role of type 2 diabetes and shared environmental/familial factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This population-based cohort study included 10,02,486 parous women in Denmark during 1978-2016. We used Cox regression to 1) examine the associations of GDM with overall and type-specific CVDs using full-cohort and sibling-matched analysis, 2) quantify the impact of type 2 diabetes after GDM using mediation analysis, and 3) assess whether these associations were modified by prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. RESULTS: Women with a history of GDM had a 40% increased overall CVD risk (hazard ratio [HR] 1.40, 95% CI 1.35-1.45). Sibling-matched analyses yielded similar results (HR 1.44, 95% CI 1.28-1.62). The proportion of association between GDM and overall CVD explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes was 23.3% (15.4-32.8%). We observed increased risks of specific CVDs, including 65% increased stroke risk and more than twofold risks for myocardial infarction, heart failure, and peripheral artery disease. The elevated overall risks were more pronounced among women with GDM and prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM was associated with increased risks of overall and specific CVDs. Increased risks were partly explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes, and the need to identify other pathways remains important. Continuous monitoring of women with a history of GDM, especially those with prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD, may provide better opportunities to reduce their cardiovascular risk.
Retinoic acid attenuates cardiac injury induced by hyperglycemia in pre- and post-delivery mice.; The aim of the present study is to explore the effect of retinoic acid (RA) on cardiac injury induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM mice were given 3 mg/kg RA once daily until the 19th day of pregnancy or the 7th day of post-partum. Compared to normal control and normal pregnant control mice, GDM mice before and after delivery showed significantly cardiac injury. RA treatment attenuated cardiac injury as evidenced by decreased heart mass and left ventricular mass, mRNA expressions of ANP and BNP, and cardiac fibrosis compared with that in GDM mice. The protective effect of RA on GDM cardiomyopathy was related to the decreased MDA content and ROS generation, the increased GSH-Px and SOD content as well as the reduced TNF-α and IL-1β content and inhibition of NF-κB signaling. In addition, RA treatment delayed the continuous rise of blood glucose before delivery and decreased the higher level of glucose after delivery. In conclusion, RA treatment could increase the activity of the antioxidant enzyme and suppress the oxidative stress, inflammation response, and activation of NF-κB signaling, thereby improving blood glucose level and cardiac injury of GDM mice before and after delivery.
Impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly greater lifetime risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared with women who had an uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Microvascular endothelial dysfunction, mediated via reduced nitric oxide (NO)-dependent dilation secondary to increases in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy complicated by GDM. We examined whether this microvascular dysfunction reduces insulin-mediated vascular responses in women with a history of GDM. We assessed in vivo microvascular endothelium-dependent vasodilator function by measuring cutaneous vascular conductance responses to graded infusions of acetylcholine (10(-10)-10(-1) M) and insulin (10(-8)-10(-4) M) in control sites and sites treated with 15 mM l-NAME [N(G)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; NO-synthase (NOS) inhibitor] or 5 mM l-ascorbate. We also measured protein expression of total endothelial NOS (eNOS), insulin-mediated eNOS phosphorylation, and endothelial nitrotyrosine in isolated endothelial cells from GDM and HC. Women with a history of GDM had reduced acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation, and the NO-dependent responses to both acetylcholine (P = 0.006) and insulin (P = 0.006) were reduced in GDM compared with HC. Insulin stimulation increased phosphorylated eNOS content in HC (P = 0.009) but had no effect in GDM (P = 0.306). Ascorbate treatment increased acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation in GDM, and endothelial cell nitrotyrosine expression was higher in GDM compared with HC (P = 0.014). Women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular vasodilation responses to insulin, and this attenuation is mediated, in part, by reduced NO-dependent mechanisms. Our findings further implicate increased endothelial oxidative stress in this microvascular insulin resistance.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. The mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that insulin-dependent microvascular responses are reduced in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose intolerance. This reduced microvascular sensitivity to insulin may contribute to increased cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes risk in these women.
Infant of a diabetic mother: clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment.; An infant of a diabetic mother is defined as a newborn born to a mother who has diabetes during pregnancy. The term diabetic mother refers to pregnant women with diabetes diagnosed either before (type 1 or 2 diabetes) or during pregnancy (gestational diabetes). Rising incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in young women and increasing maternal age at conception account for the higher risk of birth complications and adverse maternal and infant outcomes. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) because of mother's diabetes are prone to developing complications and the most common include: large birth weight and complications resulting from it (i.e. birth injuries, perinatal asphyxia), cardiovascular and respiratory insufficiency (poor tolerance of labor stress), neonatal hypoglycemia and it's complications, delayed lung maturity (fetal hyperinsulinism and the opposite function of insulin to cortisol), cardiomegaly and hypertrophy of the intraventricular septum (functional narrowing of the outflow of the left ventricle and cardiac failure), congenital malformations (most often of the central nervous system and heart). Less common complications in IDMs are: persistent pulmonary hypertension, hyperbilirubinemia, renal vein thrombosis, small left colon syndrome, intrauterine death, polycythemia, and a predisposition to obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes later in life. This article presents current knowledge about pathological conditions and the recommended management for IDMs.
Maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for adverse cardiovascular outcome later in life. However, it is uncertain whether this increased risk is due to cardiovascular changes occurring during pregnancy and persisting thereafter or to an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor profile. Some studies have reported that GDM is associated with reduced systolic and diastolic left ventricular function in pregnancy; however, it remains unknown whether these changes persist after delivery. The objective of this study was to compare cardiac function and structure in women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at 35-36 weeks' gestation and about 6 months after delivery. METHODS: This was a longitudinal study in which women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy had detailed cardiovascular assessment at 35-36 weeks' gestation and repeat examination around 6 months after delivery. In all women, left ventricular systolic and diastolic indices were measured and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was calculated. Cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance were also calculated using echocardiography. Linear mixed model analysis accounting for differences in maternal characteristics was carried out to compare findings of cardiovascular function between the GDM group and controls and within each group at 35-36 weeks' gestation and at 6 months after delivery. RESULTS: We studied 73 women with GDM and 73 controls with uncomplicated pregnancy. At 35-36 weeks' gestation, women with GDM, compared to controls, had higher E/e' ratio and lower E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain; there were no significant differences between the groups in ejection fraction. Left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was also increased in women with GDM. There were no significant differences between the groups in cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance. At 6 months after delivery, cardiac functional indices improved in both patients with GDM and controls, but in the GDM group, compared to controls, there was a lower degree of improvement in E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSION: In the third trimester, patients with GDM have subtle differences in diastolic and systolic left ventricular function compared to controls and, despite improvement after delivery, these changes persist for at least 6 months. Long-term follow-up is therefore needed to assess whether women with GDM are at risk for an accelerated decline in their cardiac function and, if so, whether this trend can be reversed or delayed by optimal cardiovascular risk factor modification. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Implementing care for women with gestational diabetes after delivery-the challenges ahead.; Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, affects one in six pregnancies globally and significantly increases a woman's lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Being a relatively young group, women with GDM are also at higher risk of developing diabetes related complications (e.g., cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) later in life. Children of women with GDM are also likely to develop GDM and this perpetuates a cycle of diabetes, escalating our current pandemic of metabolic disease. The global prevalence of GDM has now risen by more than 30% over the last two decades, making it an emerging public health concern. Antepartum management of maternal glucose is unable to fully mitigate the associated lifetime cardiometabolic risk. Thus, efforts may need to focus on improving care for women with GDM during the postpartum period where prevention or therapeutic strategies could be implemented to attenuate progression of GDM to DM and its associated vascular complications. However, strategies to provide care for women in the postpartum period often showed disappointing results. This has led to a missed opportunity to halt the progression of impaired glucose tolerance/impaired fasting glucose to DM in women with GDM. In this review, we examined the challenges in the management of women with GDM after delivery and considered how each of these challenges are defined and could present as a gap in translating evidence to clinical care. We highlighted challenges related to postpartum surveillance, postpartum glucose testing strategies, postpartum risk factor modification, and problems encountered in engagement of patients/providers to implement interventions strategies in women with GDM after delivery. We reasoned that a multisystem approach is needed to address these challenges and to retard progression to DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with GDM pregnancies. This is very much needed to pave way for an improved, precise, culturally sensitive and wholistic care for women with GDM.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk: Bridging epidemiological knowledge into personalized postpartum care and follow-up.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is globally the leading cause of death and disability. Sex-specific causes of female CVD are under-investigated. Pregnancy remains an underinvestigated sex-specific stress test for future CVD and a hitherto missed opportunity to initiate prevention of CVD at a young age. Population-based studies show a strong association between female CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This association is also present after other pregnancy complications that are associated with placental dysfunction, including fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus. Few women are, however, offered systematic cardio-preventive follow-up after such pregnancy complications. These women typically seek help from the health system at first clinical symptom of CVD, which may be decades later. By this time, morbidity is established and years of preventive opportunities have been missed out. Early identification of modifiable risk factors starting postpartum followed by systematic preventive measures could improve maternal cardiovascular health trajectories, promoting healthier societies. In this non-systematic review we briefly summarize the epidemiological associations and pathophysiological hypotheses for the associations. We summarize current clinical follow-up strategies, including some proposed by international and national guidelines as well as user support groups. We address modifiable factors that may be underexploited in the postpartum period, including breastfeeding and blood pressure management. We suggest a way forward and discuss the remaining knowledge gaps and barriers for securing the best evidence-based follow-up, relative to available resources after a hypertensive pregnancy complication in order to prevent or delay onset of premature CVD.
Maternal Dyslipidaemia in Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Possible Impact on Foetoplacental Vascular Function and Lipoproteins in the Neonatal Circulation.; Dyslipidaemia occurs in pregnancy to secure foetal development. The mother shows a physiological increase in plasma total cholesterol and Triglycerides (TG) as pregnancy progresses (i.e. maternal physiological dyslipidaemia in pregnancy). However, in some women pregnancy-associated dyslipidaemia exceeds this physiological adaptation. The consequences of this condition on the developing fetus include endothelial dysfunction of the foetoplacental vasculature and development of foetal aortic atherosclerosis. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) associates with abnormal function of the foetoplacental vasculature due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia, and associates with development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Supraphysiological dyslipidaemia is also detected in GDM pregnancies. Although there are several studies showing the alteration in the maternal and neonatal lipid profile in GDM pregnancies, there are no studies addressing the effect of dyslipidaemia in the maternal and foetal vasculature. The literature reviewed suggests that dyslipidaemia in GDM pregnancy should be an additional factor contributing to worsen GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction by altering signalling pathways involving nitric oxide bioavailability and neonatal lipoproteins.
Left atrial shortening fraction to predict fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) in the detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, we enrolled 256 pregnant women and divided them into GDM group (n = 156) and control group (n = 100). Fetal echocardiography was performed at 24-28 weeks of gestation to measure the LASF and interventricular septum (IVS) thickness. Based on IVS thickness, the GDM group was subdivided into the septal hypertrophy group (GDM I, n = 62) and non-septal hypertrophy group (GDM II, n = 94). LASF and IVS thickness were compared between the GDM and control groups and between GDM I and GDM II groups. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to determine the diagnostic accuracy of LASF in predicting septal hypertrophy. RESULTS: The GDM group had a larger IVS thickness (P < 0.05) but a lower LASF level (P < 0.001) than those of the control group. GDM I group had significantly lower LASF level than that in the GDM II group (P < 0.001). At 38.41% as the cutoff value, the LASF can predict septal hypertrophy with diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of 96.7% and 65.2%, respectively. CONCLUSION: Fetal GDM are more likely to induce septal hypertrophy and ventricular dysfunction. LASF is a good indicator of septal hypertrophy or early diastolic dysfunction without septal hypertrophy.
The clinical implications of impaired glucose tolerance.; Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was introduced in 1979 as an intermediate category covering the grey area between unequivocal diabetes mellitus and risk free more normal glucose tolerance. The IGT group included those at high risk of subsequent development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) but low risk of specific diabetic complications. Categorisation of subjects as IGT is hampered by the variability of the oral glucose tolerance test, but even those shown to be IGT only once are at increased risk of developing NIDDM. The relative roles of inheritance, fetal undernutrition, and environmental life style factors (physical inactivity and diet) in the aetiology and pathogenesis of IGT are discussed, with all contributing. The prevalence of IGT in different populations has now been widely studied with values ranging from 2 to 25% in adults. Rates of progression to NIDDM also vary widely from 2 to 14% per year. Risk factors for progression are discussed. IGT also carries an increased risk of development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and forms part of the "metabolic syndrome". The role of insulin resistance as a common aetiological factor is briefly reviewed. Finally, possible means of treatment of IGT are listed with the intent of delaying the onset of diabetes and CVD, which is of obvious clinical importance.
Quantitative Analysis of Myocardial Work in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Noninvasive Left Ventricular Pressure-Strain Loop Measurement.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a risk for cardiovascular damage during pregnancy. This study focused on evaluating changes in left ventricular myocardial performance in GDM patients using the left ventricular pressure-strain loop (LV-PSL) method and examining risk factors associated with reduced myocardial function. METHODS: A prospective, randomized study involving 112 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM was conducted from June 2021 to June 2024. Additionally, 84 healthy pregnant women from the same period served as the control group. Utilizing both conventional echocardiography and two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography, left ventricular myocardial work metrics were assessed using LV-PSL technology. RESULTS: GDM patients demonstrated significantly reduced values for global longitudinal strain (GLS), global work index (GWI), global work efficiency (GWE), and global constructive work (GCW) (p < 0.05), while conventional ultrasound measures showed no significant difference between GDM and control groups. GWI, GWE, GCW, and GLS had high predictive value for cardiac function changes in GDM patients, with GWE showing the highest predictive value {Area under curve (AUC) = 0.866, cutoff value = 95.5%, specificity = 0.77, sensitivity = 0.87}. GWI, GWE, and GCW were negatively correlated with GLS (r = -0.532, -0.411, -0.425, all p < 0.001), whereas global wasted work (GWW) showed a positive correlation with GLS (r = 0.325 and p < 0.001). These parameters were also correlated with HbA1c levels (r = -0.316, -0.256, -0.260, all p < 0.001 for negative correlations, and r = 0.172, p < 0.05 for positive correlations). Multivariate logistic regression indicated that 1-h OGTT (mmol/L), 2-h OGTT (mmol/L), and HbA1c (%) were significant predictors of left ventricular systolic function (GWE) in GDM patients. CONCLUSIONS: LV-PSL is an effective tool for early detection of left ventricular systolic function impairment in GDM patients.
[Chest pain and cardiovascular diseases in women : Diagnostics and treatment].; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality not only in men but also in women. The incidence of CVD significantly increases in women, especially after the menopause. Sex and gender differences in the incidence, prevalence and mortality of CVD are due to hormonal, anatomical, and sociocultural differences. As part of the primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD), risk factors specific for women, such as autoimmune diseases and pregnancy-associated diseases (e.g., gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia) should also be taken into account in addition to the classical cardiovascular risk factors. Furthermore, in women with angina pectoris it should be considered that women in particular frequently suffer from ischemia with nonobstructive coronary arteries (INOCA) that can be caused, for example, by coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) or coronary spasms. Based on this, the diagnostics should not be terminated in symptomatic women after coronary angiography with normal epicardial vessels. A targeted diagnostics for CMD and coronary spasms should be carried out at an early stage.
Effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates.; BACKGROUND: There are some evidences supporting the relation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and diastolic dysfunction. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of well-controlled GDM on morphological and functional myocardium. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We designed a prospective cross-sectional study to evaluate left ventricular (LV) diastolic function of 60 neonates born from mothers with well-controlled GDM (case group) on days of 3-5 after birth. The infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) group were divided into two groups: diabetic mothers treated only with diet (class A) and group of mothers on medical therapy by insulin or metformin (class B). Traditional echocardiography and pulsed-wave Doppler (PWD), tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were performed for all the neonates. RESULTS: The study group consisted of 60 neonates as males (M) = 32, (0.53%) and females (F) = 28, (0.46%). Using M-mode echocardiography, interventricular septum thickness (IVS), and LV mass were significantly higher in IDM than control group (p = .0001). The PWD showed both a significantly more peak mitral flow at early diastolic wave (E) and an early filling deceleration time (E-DT) (p = .0001). Tissue Doppler echocardiography parameters A' (cm/s) (p = .0001), E' (cm/s) (p = .002), and E'/A' ratio (p = .0001), left ventricular myocardial performance index (LVMPI), and isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT) were outstandingly different between the two groups (p = .0001, respectively). Evaluating the GDM group mothers of class A and class B, no significant difference was noted in PWD or TDI parameters compared with the healthy ones. CONCLUSIONS: It seems that neonates of mothers with well-controlled GDM are still at increased risk of cardiac hypertrophy, subclinical diastolic dysfunction, and impaired left ventricular relaxation. This can be interpreted that focusing only on glycemic control is not enough to prevent cardiac dysfunction.
Polycystic ovary syndrome--a management update.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women and is associated with both reproductive and metabolic disorders. OBJECTIVE: This article discusses the health risks, clinical assessment and investigations consistent with the new internationally agreed definition of PCOS, available treatments, and the long-term monitoring of women with PCOS. DISCUSSION: Women with PCOS have an increased risk of endometrial carcinoma, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and possibly cardiovascular disease. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a diagnosis of exclusion of other causes of hyperandrogenism. Screening for diabetes is important. Treatment is directed at the presenting symptom as the primary cause is unknown. Long-term medical treatment may include the oral contraceptive pill or metformin. Long-term surveillance is recommended for the early detection and treatment of potential metabolic complications.
Proteomics and bioinformatics analysis of cardiovascular related proteins in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Previous studies have demonstrated that exposed to the initial suboptimal intrauterine environment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. METHODS: In order to investigate the underlying mechanisms involved in the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in the offspring of GDM, we applied a high-throughput proteomics approach to compare the proteomic expression profile of human umbilical vessels of normal and GDM offspring. RESULTS: A total of significantly different 100 proteins were identified in umbilical vessels from GDM group compared with normal controls, among which 31 proteins were up-regulated, while 69 proteins were down-regulated. Differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) are validated using Western blotting analysis. The analysis of these differently expressed proteins (DEPs) related diseases and functions results, performed by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) software. Based on "Diseases and Disorders" analysis, 17 proteins (ACTA2, ADAR, CBFB, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, FGG, GLS, GSTM1, HBB, PGM3, PPP1R13L, S100A8, SLC12A4, TPP2, VCAN) were described to be associated with CVD, especially in Anemia, Thrombus and Myocardial infarction. Functional analysis indicated that DEPs involved in many cardiovascular functions, especially in "vasoconstriction of blood vessel" (related DEPs: ACTA2, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, and FGG). Upstream regulator analyses of DEPs identifies STAT3 as inhibitor of ACTA2, FGA, FGB, and FGG. CONCLUSION: The results of this study indicate that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular risk in the offspring.
Association of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Left Ventricular Structure and Function: The CARDIA Study.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts incident cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, mechanisms linking GDM to CVD beyond intervening incident diabetes are not well understood. We examined the relation of GDM with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular (LV) structure and function, which are important predictors of future CVD risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 609 women (43% black) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who delivered one or more births during follow-up and had echocardiograms in 1990-1991 (mean age 28.8 years) and 2010-2011. RESULTS: During the 20-year follow-up, 965 births were reported, with GDM developing in 64 women (10.5%). In linear regression models adjusted for sociodemographic factors, BMI, physical activity, parity, smoking, use of oral contraceptives, alcohol intake, family history of coronary heart disease, systolic blood pressure, and lipid levels, women with GDM had impaired longitudinal peak strain (-15.0 vs. -15.7%, P = 0.025), circumferential peak strain (-14.8 vs. -15.6%, P = 0.028), lateral e' wave velocity (11.0 vs. 11.8 cm/s, P = 0.012), and septal e' wave velocity (8.6 vs. 9.3 cm/s, P = 0.015) in 2010-2011 and a greater 20-year increase in LV mass indexed to body surface area (14.3 vs. 6.0 g/m(2), P = 0.006) compared with women with non-GDM pregnancies. Further adjustment for incident type 2 diabetes after pregnancy did not attenuate these associations. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy complicated by GDM is independently associated with increased LV mass and impaired LV relaxation and systolic function. Implementation of postpartum cardiovascular health interventions in women with a history of GDM may offer an additional opportunity to reduce future CVD risk.
Epidemiology of Cardiac Arrest During Hospitalization for Delivery in Canada: A Nationwide Study.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac arrest in pregnancy is a rare and devastating condition with high mortality and morbidity. The objective of this study was to generate information about maternal cardiac arrest in Canada by examining the frequency, temporal incidence, associated conditions, potential etiologies, and survival rates. METHODS: This retrospective population-based study used hospitalization data from the discharge abstract database of the Canadian Institute for Health Information relating to obstetric deliveries in Canada from April 1, 2002, to March 31, 2015. The data were accessed through the Public Health Agency of Canada's (PHAC) Canadian Perinatal Surveillance System. Cases of cardiac arrest were identified using the diagnostic and intervention codes from the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and the Canadian Classification of Health Interventions, respectively. Data on patient demographics, medical and obstetrical conditions, and potential etiologies of cardiac arrest were collected. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify conditions associated with cardiac arrest. RESULTS: There were 286 cases of maternal cardiac arrest among 3,568,597 hospitalizations for delivery during the 13-year period. A total of 204 (71.3%) women survived to hospital discharge (95% confidence interval, 65.7%-76.5%). There was no significant variation in the incidence of cardiac arrest or survival from arrest over time or across provinces. Among the pre-existing conditions, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, malignancy, and diseases of the respiratory and nervous system were found to be significantly associated with cardiac arrest. Among the obstetrical conditions, placental abnormalities and polyhydramnios were associated with cardiac arrest. The common potential etiologies included postpartum hemorrhage, heart failure, amniotic fluid embolism, and complications of anesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: In this first Canadian study, the incidence of cardiac arrest during pregnancy was found to be 1:12,500 deliveries. The survival rate reported in our study is higher than reported previously in other countries. Our study findings contribute to better inform the development and implementation of policies and programs in an effort to prevent and manage this condition.
Quantifying fetal heart health in gestational diabetes: a new approach with fetal heart quantification technology.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal heart structure and function using a technique called fetal heart quantification (Fetal HQ), with a focus on mitochondrial dynamics, which employs advanced imaging technology for comprehensive analysis. METHODS: A total of 180 fetuses with normal heart structures, aged 24-40 weeks of gestation, were examined. A 2-3 s cine loop in the standard four-chamber oblique view was captured and analyzed using the speckle-tracking technique with Fetal HQ. Various echocardiographic parameters were evaluated, including four-chamber view (4CV), global spherical index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), 24-segment spherical index (SI), ventricular fractional area change (FAC), cardiac output (CO), and stroke volume (SV). These parameters were compared between the GDM group and the control group during two gestational periods: 24(+0) to 28(+0) weeks and 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks. Statistical analysis was performed using independent samples t-tests and Mann-Whitney U tests to identify significant differences. RESULTS: Twenty fetuses from mothers with GDM and 40 from the control group were recruited at 24(+0) to 28(+0) weeks. At 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks, 40 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 80 from the control group were recruited. The fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar between the GDM and control groups. However, compared to the controls, right ventricular function in the GDM group was lower only at 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks. In the GDM group, the global spherical index (GSI) was lower than in the control group at 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks (1.175 vs. 1.22; p = 0.001). There were significant decreases in ventricular FAC (38.74% vs. 42.83%; p < 0.0001) and 4CV GLS for the right ventricle (-22.27% vs. -26.31%; p = 0.005) at 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that GDM is associated with decreased right ventricular function in the fetal heart, particularly during the later stages of pregnancy (28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks), compared to fetuses from healthy pregnancies. The Fetal HQ technique represents a valuable tool for evaluating the structure and function of fetal hearts affected by GDM during the advanced stages of pregnancy.
Early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is not assessed within the first 10 years postpartum, regardless of subsequent diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine the risk of CVD events related to GDM within 7 years of postpartum. METHODS: This nationwide population-based study of deliveries in 2007 and 2008 with a follow-up of 7 years was based on data from the French medico-administrative database. Two groups were formed: women with a history of GDM and women without GDM or previous diabetes. CVD included angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, stroke, heart bypass surgery, coronary angioplasty, carotid endarterectomy and fibrinolysis. Hypertensive disease was assessed separately. Determinants studied included age, obesity, subsequent diabetes mellitus and hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Adjusted odds ratios for outcomes were calculated using multiple logistic regressions. RESULTS: The hospital database recorded 1,518,990 deliveries in 2007 and 2008. Among these, 62,958 women had a history of GDM. After adjusting for age, DM, obesity and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, GDM was significantly associated with a higher risk of CVD (adjusted Odds Ratio aOR = 1.25 [1.09-1.43]). Considering each variable in a separate model, GDM was associated with angina pectoris (aOR = 1.68 [1.29-2.20]), myocardial infarction (aOR = 1.92 [1.36-2.71]) and hypertension (aOR = 2.72 [2.58-2.88]) but not with stroke. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM was identified as a risk factor of CVD, especially coronary vascular diseases, within the 7 years postpartum. A lifestyle changes from postpartum onwards can be recommended and supported.
Biomarkers of vascular injury and endothelial dysfunction after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus and milder gestational impaired glucose intolerance have elevated future risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, it is unclear whether they show postpartum evidence of vascular injury/dysfunction, an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: In total, 337 women underwent a glucose challenge test and oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy, yielding four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational impaired glucose intolerance, abnormal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance on the oral glucose tolerance test and normal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance. At 3 years postpartum, they underwent repeat oral glucose tolerance test (on which 69 women had pre-diabetes/diabetes) and measurement of the following serum markers of vascular injury/dysfunction: thrombomodulin, E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-3 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. RESULTS: At 3 years postpartum, mean adjusted vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 was the only vascular marker that differed across the previous gestational glucose tolerance groups. On multiple linear regression analysis, each strata of gestational dysglycaemia was an independent predictor of lower vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 at 3 years postpartum (gestational diabetes mellitus: p = 0.005; gestational impaired glucose intolerance: p = 0.003; abnormal glucose challenge test normal glucose tolerance: p = 0.0008), as was current pre-diabetes/diabetes ( p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Dysregulation of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 may be an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease in women with recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
Hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and hyperglycemia: contributing factors in the pathogenesis of hypertension and atherosclerosis.; Subtle abnormalities of carbohydrate metabolism and overt diabetes mellitus are both associated with a substantial increase in the prevalence of hypertension and the accelerated development of atherosclerosis. Hypertension is also a presumed independent risk factor for atherosclerosis, although some of the atherogenic properties of hypertension may be related to the recently recognized subtle metabolic abnormalities commonly found in persons with essential hypertension. The results of epidemiologic studies suggest that the elevated fasting and postprandial insulin levels that often occur in patients with essential hypertension, as well as in patients with type II diabetes mellitus, are an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Elevated glucose levels in patients with diabetes and hypertension appear to contribute to the acceleration of atherosclerosis, perhaps through toxic effects on the vascular endothelium. Other cardiovascular risk factors that are accentuated in persons with carbohydrate intolerance and hypertension include abnormalities in platelet function, clotting factors, the fibrinolytic system, and dyslipidemia. The goals of both nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic therapy for patients with abnormal carbohydrate metabolism and hypertension are to decrease cardiovascular risk as well as lower blood pressure.
Second Trimester Fetal and Maternal Epicardial Fat Thickness in Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies.; Our aim was to evaluate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and sonographically measured fetal epicardial fat thickness between 24-28 weeks' gestation. This was a cross-sectional study that included 40 pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, matched with 40 normal pregnancies with similar maternal age, body-mass index, gestational age, fetal gender, and fetal abdominal circumference on ultrasound. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was measured and recorded during ultrasonography at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Maternal evaluation included measurement of maternal epicardial fat thickness, using echocardiography. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were compared across the groups. Ultrasound views of fetal epicardial fat thickness were evaluated independently by 3 perinatology fellows to determine inter- and intra-observer variability. Partial and intraclass correlation analyses were used. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness measurements were moderately correlated (r=0.63). Mean fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were higher in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (p=0.004 and p<0.0001, respectively) compared to controls. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was positively correlated (r=0.43) with postchallenge 2-h glucose values. Inter- and intra-observer agreement was high, demonstrated by strong correlations (r=0.99 and r=0.99, respectively) across fetal epicardial fat thickness measurements of the examiners. Fetuses from gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies have significantly higher fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values compared to nongestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Fetal epicardial fat thickness obtained during second trimester fetal anatomy ultrasound may potentially be a reliable indicator for gestational diabetes mellitus. However, clinical validation studies are needed.
The Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease: Current Knowledge and Future Directions.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. The goal of this review is to share what is currently known about the increased risk and to identify areas for future research. RECENT FINDINGS: Severe studies have identified a strong association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease such as heart failure, valvular disease, ischemic heart disease, stroke, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. The recognition of this increased risk is reflected in recent changes in prevention guidelines. The guidelines now recognize sex-specific risks such as preeclampsia and preterm delivery and recommend incorporating a pregnancy history to identify them earlier. However, no robust risk prediction tools incorporating these pregnancy risk factors have been developed and validated. While smaller clinical trials have been performed in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in the postpartum timeframe, there remains a paucity of large-scale randomized clinical trials that continue to show a risk reduction in these women. SUMMARY: While there is increasing recognition of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there remains a need for interventional studies aimed at reducing this risk and for incorporation of pregnancy risk factors into traditional cardiovascular risk prediction tools.
The Relationship between Coronary Flow Reserve and the TyG Index in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent metabolic disorder characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The triglyceride glucose (TyG) index, a marker of insulin resistance, and coronary flow reserve (CFR), a measure of coronary microvascular function, are emerging as potential indicators of cardiovascular risk. This study aims to investigate the association between CFR and the TyG index in GDM patients. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study of 87 GDM patients and 36 healthy controls was conducted. The participants underwent clinical assessments, blood tests, and echocardiographic evaluations. The TyG index was calculated as ln(triglycerides × fasting glucose/2). CFR was measured using Doppler echocardiography during rest and hyperemia induced by dipyridamole. Results: The study included 87 individuals in the GDM group and 36 individuals in the control group. There was no significant difference in age between the two groups (34.1 ± 5.3 years for GDM vs. 33.1 ± 4.9 years for the control, p = 0.364). The TyG index was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the controls (p < 0.001). CFR was lower in the GDM group (p < 0.001). A negative correlation between the TyG index and CFR was observed (r = -0.624, p < 0.001). Linear regression revealed the TyG index as an independent predictor of reduced CFR. Conclusions: The study findings reveal a significant association between the TyG index and CFR in GDM patients, suggesting their potential role in assessing cardiovascular risk.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations between five major adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risks of ischemic heart disease in mothers. DESIGN: National cohort study. SETTING: Sweden. PARTICIPANTS: All 2 195 266 women with a first singleton delivery in Sweden during 1973-2015. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure was incidence of ischemic heart disease from delivery to 2018, identified from nationwide inpatient and outpatient diagnoses. Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, adjusting for other adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal factors. Co-sibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic and environmental) factors. RESULTS: During 53.6 million person years of follow-up, ischemic heart disease was diagnosed in 83 881 (3.8%) women. All five adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease. In the 10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were 2.09 (95% confidence interval 1.77 to 2.46) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.72 (1.55 to 1.90) for preterm delivery, 1.54 (1.37 to 1.72) for pre-eclampsia, 1.30 (1.09 to 1.56) for gestational diabetes, and 1.10 (1.00 to 1.21) for small for gestational age. The hazard ratios remained significantly increased even 30-46 years after delivery: 1.47 (1.30 to 1.66) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.40 (1.29 to 1.51) for gestational diabetes, 1.32 (1.28 to 1.36) for pre-eclampsia, 1.23 (1.19 to 1.27) for preterm delivery, and 1.16 (1.13 to 1.19) for small for gestational age. These findings were only partially (<45%) explained by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes showed further increases in risk (eg, <10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios associated with 1, 2, or ≥3 adverse pregnancy outcomes were 1.29 (1.19 to 1.39), 1.80 (1.59 to 2.03), and 2.26 (1.89 to 2.70), respectively)). CONCLUSIONS: In this large national cohort, women who experienced any of five major adverse pregnancy outcomes showed an increased risk for ischemic heart disease up to 46 years after delivery. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes should be considered for early preventive evaluation and long term risk reduction to help prevent the development of ischemic heart disease.
The influence of maternal and perinatal high-fat diet on ozone-induced pulmonary responses in offspring.; There is growing interest in understanding how maternal diet might affect the sensitivity of offspring to environmental exposures. Previous studies demonstrated that adult rat offspring (approximately 6-months-old) from dams given a high-fat diet (HFD) prior to, during, and after pregnancy displayed elevated pulmonary responses to an acute ozone (O(3)) exposure. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of maternal and perinatal HFD on pulmonary and metabolic responses to O(3) in male and female young-adult offspring (approximately 3-month old). One-month-old F0 female Long-Evans rats commenced HFD (60% kcal from fat) or control diet (CD; 10.5% kcal from fat) and were bred on PND 72. Offspring were maintained on respective HFD or CD until PND 29 when all groups were switched to CD. The 3-months-old female and male offspring (n = 10/group) were exposed to air or 0.8 ppm O(3) for 5hr/day for 2 consecutive days. Maternal and perinatal HFD significantly increased body weight and body fat % in offspring regardless of gender. Ozone exposure, but not maternal and perinatal diet, induced hyperglycemia and glucose intolerance in the offspring. Ozone-induced alterations in pulmonary function were exacerbated by maternal and perinatal HFD in both offspring genders. Pulmonary injury/inflammation markers in response to O(3) exposure such as bronchoalveolar lavage fluid total protein, lactate dehydrogenase, total cells, and neutrophils were further augmented in offspring (males>females) from dams fed the HFD. Data suggest that maternal and perinatal HFD may enhance the susceptibility of offspring to O(3)-induced pulmonary injury and that these effects may be sex-specific.
Roles of osteoprotegerin in endocrine and metabolic disorders through receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B signaling.; Endocrine and metabolic diseases show increasing incidence and high treatment costs worldwide. Due to the complexity of their etiology and mechanism, therapeutic strategies are still lacking. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, appears to be a potential candidate for the treatment of these diseases. Studies based on clinical analysis and rodent animal models reveal the roles of OPG in various endocrine and metabolic processes or disorders, such as bone remodeling, vascular calcification, and β-cell proliferation, through the receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) and the receptor activator of NF-κB (RANK). Thus, in this review, we mainly focus on relevant diseases, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to summarize the effects of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in endocrine and metabolic tissues and diseases, thereby providing a comprehensive insight into OPG as a potential drug for endocrine and metabolic diseases.
Cardiac malformations in fetuses of gestational and pre gestational diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: In this study we aimed to determine the prevalence of cardiac malformations in fetuses of Iranian diabetic mothers with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to find the patterns of different cardiac malformations. METHODS: One-hundred and seventy diabetic pregnant women (68 preGDM and 102 GDM) (mean age: 32.17±4.8 years) and 85 healthy controls (mean age: 31.35±4.55 years) were recruited from September 2008 to July 2012. Fetal echocardiography was performed to assess cardiac malformation. In order to study major factors that may affect the results, a complete history was obtained. FINDINGS: Fetal echocardiography was performed at mean gestational age of 24.7±5.4 and 20.27±3.9 weeks in diabetic patients and control group, respectively. Fifteen (8.8%) fetuses of diabetic mothers were detected to have cardiac malformations compared with 1 (1.17%) fetus in control group (OR: 8.13, 95%CI: 1.1-62.61, P-value=0.02). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy noted as the most common cardiac malformation occurred in 6 out of 15 (40%) fetuses, and was found significantly more common in pre-GDM compared to GDM group (7.4% vs 1%, P-value =0.04). Despite the higher incidence of cardiac malformation in pre-GDM compared to GDM group, the difference was not significant. Further, no significant association was observed between the variables including; parity, diabetic regimen, parents' consanguinity, maternal history of hypertension or hypothyroidism and occurring cardiac malformations (P-value>0.05). CONCLUSION: In this study we detected cardiac malformations in 8.8% of our diabetic referrals. The result of the present study shows that screening diabetic mothers for fetal cardiac malformations could be beneficial.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asian women in the United States.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. The incidence of both GDM and type 2 diabetes is exceedingly high in South Asian populations. However, the risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM in South Asian women in the United States is unknown. METHODS: South Asians aged 40 to 84 years without known cardiovascular disease were enrolled in a community-based cohort called Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study. A history of GDM was elicited through self-report, and type 2 diabetes was ascertained by an oral glucose tolerance test. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the odds of type 2 diabetes after GDM history in this cross-sectional analysis. RESULTS: About 9.7% of women in the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study self-reported a history of GDM, and were significantly younger, with higher mean diastolic blood pressure and self-reported weight at age 20 and 40 years than women without a history of GDM. In a model adjusted for age, weight at age 40, family history of diabetes, education, income, physical activity, caloric intake, alcohol use, and cigarette smoking, women with a history of GDM had increased odds of having type 2 diabetes compared with women without GDM (OR 3.2; 95% CI 1.3, 7.5). CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM further increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in US South Asian women. Our findings underscore the importance of early postpartum screening in a population at high risk for type 2 diabetes.
4: Polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common condition characterised by menstrual abnormalities and clinical or biochemical features of hyperandrogenism. Features of PCOS may manifest at any age, ranging from childhood (premature puberty), teenage years (hirsutism, menstrual abnormalities), early adulthood and middle life (infertility, glucose intolerance) to later life (diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease). While pelvic ultrasound examination is useful, many women without PCOS have polycystic ovaries; ultrasound evidence is not necessary for the diagnosis. Testing for glucose intolerance and hyperlipidaemia is wise, especially in obese women, as diabetes mellitus is common in PCOS. Lifestyle changes as recommended in diabetes are fundamental for treatment; addition of insulin-sensitising agents (eg, metformin) may be valuable in circumstances such as anovulatory infertility. Infertility can be treated successfully in most women by diet and exercise, clomiphene citrate with or without metformin, ovarian drilling, or ovulation induction with gonadotrophins; in-vitro fertilisation should be avoided unless there are other indications.
The impacts of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal hearts.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies under different maternal glycemic controls. METHODS: Forty four GDM mothers received 78 fetal echocardiographic evaluations at three gestational periods (<28, 28-34 and >34 weeks) and were divided into poorly-(DM1) and well-(DM2) controlled groups according to their glycemic control at examination. Seventy uncomplicated mothers were selected as controls. Parameters of fetal cardiac anatomy and function were measured and analyzed. RESULTS: GDM fetuses' cardiac ventricular walls were thicker than controls', and the differences between DM1 and DM2 were not significant except for end-diastolic left ventricular walls. In both GDM groups, the aortic flow velocities increased earlier than pulmonary artery and DM1 fetuses changed earlier than DM2 ones. GDM fetuses' left atrial shortening fraction was smaller than the controls' in the period of ⩾34 weeks and negatively correlated with thicknesses of left ventricular walls and interventricular septum in DM1 fetuses (r=-0.438 and -0.506). The right ventricular diastolic function in DM1 and DM2 fetuses decreased after the period of 28-34 weeks and in the period of >34 weeks respectively. Tei index of both left and right ventricles increased in DM1 group after the period of <28 weeks and in DM2 group only in the period of ⩾34 weeks, with no significant differences between DM1 and DM2 groups in this period. CONCLUSION: Fetuses of GDM mothers showed cardiac function impairments. Good maternal glycemic control may delay the impairments, but cannot reduce the degree. Some cardiac changes in GDM fetuses were similar to those in pregestational diabetic pregnancies except for several parameters and their changing time.
Association of Maternal Glucose Concentrations During Pregnancy With Cardiovascular Alterations in Early Childhood: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hyperglycemia has been associated with cardiovascular disease risks in offspring. Previous studies were mostly conducted to test this association in pregnancies with (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus. However, the association may not be limited to populations with diabetes only. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to assess the association between gestational glucose concentrations in women without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood cardiovascular alterations at the age of 4 y. METHODS: Our study was based on the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Briefly, among 1016 nondiabetic mothers (age: 30.8 ± 3.42 y; BMI: 21.3 ± 2.94) and their offsprings (age: 4.41 ± 0.22 y; BMI: 15.0 ± 1.56; 53.0% males), results of maternal 1-h oral OGTT between 24 and 28 gestational weeks were obtained. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography, and vascular ultrasound were performed at 4 y old. Linear regression and binary logistic regression were conducted to test the association between maternal glucose and childhood cardiovascular outcomes. RESULTS: Compared with children from mothers with glucose concentrations in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had higher BP (systolic: 97.0 ± 7.41 compared with 98.9 ± 7.82 mmHg, P = 0.006; diastolic: 56.8 ± 5.83 compared with 57.9 ± 6.03 mmHg, P = 0.051) and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (92.5 ± 9.15 compared with 90.8 ± 9.16 %, P = 0.046). Also, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose concentrations across the full range were associated with higher childhood BP (systolic: β: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.93; diastolic: β: 0.36; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.66). Logistic regression showed, compared with children from mothers in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had a 58% (OR=1.58; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.47) higher odds of elevated systolic BP (≥90th percentile). CONCLUSIONS: In a population without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose were associated with childhood cardiovascular structure and function alterations. Further studies are needed to assess whether interventions to reduce gestational glucose will mitigate subsequent cardiometabolic risks in offspring.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.; Recent studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. GDM has also been shown to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after pregnancy. However, there is limited evidence regarding the role of intercurrent T2DM on the relationship between GDM and future CVD. Thus, we investigated the risks of incident cardiovascular events among women with GDM during pregnancy compared to women without GDM and whether the increased CVD risk is dependent on intercurrent development of T2DM. We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service claims database. Outcomes were the first occurrence of any CVD (myocardial infarction, treatment with coronary revascularization, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease). Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and incident CVD events, using landmark analysis at 4 years. A total of 1,500,168 parous women were included in the analysis, of which 159,066 (10.60%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, 13,222 incident cases of total CVD were observed. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio for total CVD among women with prior GDM, compared with those without GDM, was 1.08 (95% CI 1.02-1.14). Further classifying GDM by progression to T2DM in relation to total CVD risk indicated a positive association for GDM with progression to T2DM vs no GDM or T2DM (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.40-2.15), and no statistically significant association for GDM only (HR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00-1.12). GDM with subsequent progression to T2DM were linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. These findings highlight the need for more vigilant postpartum screening for diabetes and the implementation of diabetes interventions in women with a history of GDM to reduce future CVD risk.
Early Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Gestational Diabetes: The Predictive Role of Routine Biomarkers and Nutrigenetic Variants.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be considered a silent risk for out-of-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. We aimed to assess the predictive role of 3(rd) trimester lipid profile during pregnancy for the susceptibility to markers of subclinical atherosclerosis (CVD susceptibility) at 3 years in a cohort of women with history of GDM. A secondary aim is to evaluate the usefulness of novel nutrigenetic markers, in addition to traditional parameters, for predicting early subclinical atherosclerosis in such women in order to plan adequate early prevention interventions. We assessed 28 consecutive GDM women in whom we collected socio-demographic characteristics and clinical and anthropometric parameters at the 3(rd) trimester of pregnancy. In a single blood sample, from each patient, we assessed 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from 9 genes related to nutrients and metabolism, which were genotyped by High Resolution Melting analysis. All women then attended a 3-year-postpartum follow-up and on that occasion performed an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, with 75 g oral glucose), the measurement of carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT), and analyses of metabolic parameters. In addition, we evaluated the physical activity level and the adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short version) and PREDIMED questionnaires. We found an association between 3(rd) trimester triglycerides and cIMT (p = 0.014). We also found significant associations between the APOA5 CC genotype and cIMT after adjustments for age and body mass index (p = 0.045) and between the interaction CC APOA5/CC LDLR and cIMT (p = 0.010). At the follow-up, the cohort also featured a mean BMI in the overweight range and a high mean waist circumference. We found no difference in the MedDiet adherence, physical activity, and smoking but an inverse correlation between the PREDIMED and the IPAQ scores with the IMT. In conclusion, this preliminary study provides insight into the predictive role of lipid profile during pregnancy and of some genetic variants on cIMT taken as a parameter of subclinical CVD susceptibility in GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a Swedish population based case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To identify if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a clinically useful marker of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and if GDM combined with other risks (smoking, hypertension or body mass) identifies high-risk groups. DESIGN: Population-based matched case-control study. SETTING: National Swedish register data from 1991 to 2008. POPULATION: A total of 2639 women with a cardiovascular event and matched controls. METHODS: Conditional logistic regression examined associations with CVD before and after adjustment for conventional risk factors and confounders. Effect modification for the association of GDM with CVD by body mass index (BMI), smoking and chronic hypertension was assessed by stratification and interaction testing. Adjustment for diabetes post-pregnancy evaluated its mediating role. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Inpatient diagnoses or causes of death identifying ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, atherosclerosis or peripheral vascular disease. RESULTS: The adjusted odds ratios (and 95% confidence intervals) for the association of CVD with GDM are 1.51 (1.07-2.14), 2.23 (2.01-2.48) for smoking, 1.98 (1.71-2.29) for obesity and 5.10 (3.18-8.18) for chronic hypertension. In stratified analysis the association of CVD with GDM was only seen among women with BMI ≥25, with an odds ratio of 2.39 (1.39-4.10), but only women with a BMI <30 accounted for this increased risk. Adjustment for post-pregnancy diabetes attenuated it somewhat to 1.99 (1.13-3.52). CONCLUSIONS: In the absence of other recognised cardiovascular risk factors, such as smoking, obesity or chronic hypertension, GDM is a useful marker of raised CVD risk among women with BMI between 25 and 29.
Society for maternal and fetal medicine workshop on pregnancy as a window to future health: Clinical utility of classifying women with metabolic syndrome.; Women with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and obesity during pregnancy are at risk for medical complications later in life. Therefore, practitioners should identify those who can benefit from early diagnosis and interventions. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of risk factors including hypertension, elevated triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose intolerance, and obesity, which also identifies those at risk for cardiovascular disease. Taking the time to classify women with the metabolic syndrome does not necessarily offer risk stratification superior to that offered by identifying the individual components. This article will offer conclusions regarding the need for busy obstetrician/gynecologists to make this classification.
The diagnostic and predictive values of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptides in pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels relative to pregnancy complications and clarify the role of NT-proBNP in predicting pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on 208 singleton pregnant women from August 2015 to October 2018. They were categorized into the early-onset PE (n=52), late-onset PE (n=32), GH (n=21), GDM (n=49), and healthy control (n=54) groups. The NT-proBNP concentrations were measured for all groups, and the correlation between the NT-proBNP levels and the pregnancy complications was analyzed. RESULTS: The NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in the early-onset and late-onset PE groups than in the other groups (P<0.05). The receiver operating characteristic curve showed that the plasma NT-proBNP levels had excellent diagnostic performance for early-onset and late-onset PE. The areas under the curve (AUCs) were 0.864 and 0.825 at the cut-off values of 142.3 pg/mL and 183.5 pg/mL for these two groups, respectively. The plasma NT-proBNP concentrations were positively correlated with the neonatal outcomes. The AUC was 0.788 when the cut-off value was 257.5 pg/mL. The high NT-proBNP level was associated with a low Apgar score and low birth weight. CONCLUSION: NT-proBNP is an effective indicator for assisting in the diagnosis of pregnancy complications and predicting newborn outcomes. NT-proBNP can be used to monitor early-onset and late-onset PE.
Exposure to maternal gestational diabetes is associated with higher cardiovascular responses to stress in adolescent indians.; CONTEXT: Altered endocrinal and autonomic nervous system responses to stress may link impaired intra-uterine growth with later cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that offspring of gestational diabetic mothers (OGDM) have high cortisol and cardiosympathetic responses during the Trier Social Stress Test for Children (TSST-C). DESIGN: Adolescents from a birth cohort in India (n = 213; mean age, 13.5 y), including 26 OGDM, 22 offspring of diabetic fathers (ODF), and 165 offspring of nondiabetic parents (controls) completed 5 minutes each of public speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of two unfamiliar "evaluators" (TSST-C). Salivary cortisol concentrations were measured at baseline and at regular intervals after the TSST-C. Heart rate, blood pressure (BP), stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance were measured continuously at baseline, during the TSST-C, and for 10 minutes after the test using a finger cuff; the beat-to-beat values were averaged for these periods. RESULTS: Cortisol and cardiosympathetic parameters increased from baseline during stress (P < .001). OGDM had greater systolic BP (mean difference, 5.6 mm Hg), cardiac output (0.5 L/min), and stroke volume (4.0 mL) increases and a lower total peripheral resistance rise (125 dyn · s/cm(5)) than controls during stress. ODF had greater systolic BP responses than controls (difference, 4.1 mm Hg); there was no difference in other cardiosympathetic parameters. Cortisol responses were similar in all three groups. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher cardiosympathetic stress responses in the offspring, which may contribute to their higher cardiovascular disease risk. Further research may confirm stress-response programming as a predictor of cardiovascular risk in OGDM.
Perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of diabetes in pregnancy on fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry and function around the time of delivery. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 75 pregnant women delivering at term, comprising 54 normal pregnancies and 21 with a diagnosis of pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal and neonatal conventional and spectral tissue Doppler and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography were performed a few days before and within hours after delivery. Fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry, global myocardial deformation and performance, diastolic and systolic function and left ventricular (LV) torsion were compared between normal pregnancies and those with diabetes, and perinatal changes within the diabetes group were assessed. RESULTS: Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in fetal ventricular geometry, myocardial deformation and cardiac function (right ventricular (RV) sphericity index, 0.56 vs 0.65; LV torsion, 2.1 °/cm vs 5.6 °/cm; LV isovolumetric relaxation time, 101 ms vs 115 ms; and RV isovolumetric contraction time, 107 ms vs 119 ms; P < 0.001 for all). Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in neonatal cardiac parameters (mean RV sphericity index, 0.43 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 1.30 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median LV myocardial performance index (MPI'), 0.39 vs 0.51; median RV-MPI', 0.34 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Paired comparison between fetal and neonatal cardiac indices in diabetic pregnancies demonstrated that delivery resulted in a significant improvement in some, but not all, cardiac indices (mean RV sphericity index, 0.65 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 5.60 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median RV-MPI', 0.51 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with normal term fetuses and neonates, those of diabetic women exhibit cardiac indices indicative of myocardial impairment, reflecting a response to a relatively hyperglycemic intrauterine environment with alteration in fetal loading conditions (LV preload deprivation and increased RV afterload) and adaptation to subsequent acute changes in hemodynamic load at delivery. Elucidating mechanisms that contribute to the alterations in perinatal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancy could help in refining management and developing better therapeutic strategies to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review.; A 30-year-old woman in her second pregnancy, which was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. She had an uneventful spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks+3 days of gestation. Day 1 postpartum, she developed sudden chest pain radiating to her jaw and neck. Her observations were normal, and ECG showed lateral ST elevation in keeping with acute myocardial infarction. The troponin-T level was elevated at 21 ng/L at 0 hour, and >10 000 ng/L at 12 hours, respectively. Coronary angiography confirmed spontaneous dissection of the proximal left anterior descending (LAD) and proximal circumflex coronary arteries. She became unstable during percutaneous coronary intervention and consequently had a successful coronary artery bypass surgery with left saphenous vein grafts to the first obtuse marginal artery and LAD. Echocardiogram revealed moderate to severe impairment of the left ventricular function postoperatively.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Acute Coronary Syndrome in Women With Previous Pregnancy Complications.; BACKGROUND: Women with previous cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy experience double the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few data exist on the clinical effect of these complications at the time of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The objective of this work was to compare risk factors, clinical features, and outcomes among women with premature ACS with or without previous pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy). METHODS: Data were obtained from a multicentre cohort of individuals hospitalized with premature ACS. A total of 251 parous women were included and provided obstetric history and blood samples. They were followed for the development of major adverse cardiac events at 12 months. RESULTS: At presentation with ACS, women with a previous pregnancy complication (38%) were slightly younger than were women without such complications (47.4 ± 6.2 vs 49.1 ± 5.6 years; P = 0.002). They also had more traditional atherosclerotic risk factors. Specifically, women with previous preeclampsia were more likely to have chronic hypertension and an elevated ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase:placental growth factor. There was no between-group difference in Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score or troponin tertile but there was a trend toward higher risk of ST-elevation myocardial infarction in women who had a previous pregnancy complication (odds ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-3.23; P = 0.05). There was also an increased risk of recurrent ACS at 12 months in women with previous preeclampsia (hazard ratio, 6.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.37-33.63; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Among a cohort of women with ACS, previous pregnancy complications were associated with more severe disease and poorer outcome.
Does gestational diabetes history increase epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness?; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that has begun during pregnancy. Recent studies have proven that development of atherosclerosis may be established in this population even without presence of type 2 diabetes. For assessment of atherosclerosis, epicardial fat thickness (EFT) is recently being used as a surrogate marker. In this study, we aimed to prove that women with GDM history are more inclined to have higher EFT levels than women without GDM history. METHODS: Sixty-two patients with previous GDM and 33 age- and sex-matched controls were allocated. Epicardial fat thicknesses of the subjects were measured with transthorasic echocardiography and carotid intima media thickness (c-IMT) was measured with ultrasound. Insulin resistance (IR) of each subject was assessed with Homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: Carotid IMT and EFT were significantly higher in previous GDM group than controls. Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), uric acid, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found significantly higher in the patients with previous GDM as compared to the controls. We observed that carotid IMT (β = 310, P = 0.003), total cholesterol (β = 315, P = 0.002), BMI (β = 308, P = 0.002), HbA1c (β = 227, P = 0.018), and HOMA-IR (β = 184, P = 0.049) were independently correlated with EFT. CONCLUSIONS: Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, high EFT results may indicate presence of atherosclerosis in women with previous GDM.
Evaluation of the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index.; BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, 35 patients who were diagnosed with GDM, and 35 pregnant without glucose intolerance and their babies were evaluated. Fetal echocardiographic, biometric measurements, umbilical artery pulsatility indices (UAPI) and ductus venosus pulsatility indices (DVPI) measurements were performed to evaluate fetal well-being between the groups. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of UAPI, DVPI, systolic functions, the mode of delivery and 5-minute APGAR scores (P=0.849, P=0.485, P=0.770, P=0.060, P=0.587). There was statistically significant difference between the isovolumetric relaxation time and isovolumetric contraction time of groups (P=0.006, P=0.03). The MPI results were statistically different between the groups (P=0.000). Postpartum need for hospitalization was more frequently observed in GDM than the control group (P=0.014). CONCLUSIONS: MPI, which is independent of the ventricular anatomy and fetal heart rate, showing both diastolic and systolic functions, was found significantly higher in GDM. We recommend performing MPI measurement routinely to fetal cardiac functions in GDM.
Postpartum weight retention and the early evolution of cardiovascular risk over the first 5 years after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The cumulative effect of postpartum weight retention from each pregnancy in a woman's life may contribute to her risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, there is limited direct evidence supporting this hypothesis. Thus, we sought to characterize the impact of postpartum weight retention on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors over the first 5-years after pregnancy. METHODS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 330 women (mean age 35.7 ± 4.3 years, mean pre-pregnancy body mass index 25.2 ± 4.8 kg/m(2), 50.9% primiparous) underwent serial cardiometabolic characterization (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, oral glucose tolerance test, insulin sensitivity/resistance (Matsuda index, HOMA-IR), C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin) at 1-year, 3-years, and 5-years postpartum. Based on the magnitude of weight change between pre-pregnancy and 5-years postpartum, they were stratified into the following 3 groups: weight loss (n = 100), weight gain 0-6% (n = 110), and weight gain ≥ 6% (n = 120). RESULTS: At 1-year postpartum, cardiovascular risk factors did not differ between the groups. However, an adverse risk factor profile progressively emerged in the weight retention groups at 3- and 5-years. Indeed, after covariate adjustment, there was stepwise worsening (from the weight loss group to weight gain 0-6% to weight gain ≥ 6% group) of the following cardiovascular risk factors at 5-years: triglycerides (p = 0.001), HDL (p = 0.02), LDL (p = 0.01), apolipoprotein-B (p = 0.003), Matsuda index (p < 0.0001), HOMA-IR (p < 0.0001), fasting glucose (p = 0.07), and CRP (p = 0.01). Moreover, on logistic regression analyses, weight gain ≥ 6% emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes at 5-years (adjusted OR = 3.40, 95%CI: 1.63-7.09). CONCLUSION: Postpartum weight retention predicts trajectories of worsening cardiovascular risk factors and glucose intolerance over the first 5-years after delivery, consistent with its postulated contribution to future vascular disease in women.
Pregnancy, cesarean, and pheochromocytoma: a case report and literature review.; A 43-year-old full-term pregnant woman (gravida 2, para 1, medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus) developed a sudden and malignant hypertension with hemoptysis, sweat, and tachycardia during a scheduled C-section. A dead newborn was delivered and was successfully resuscitated. The mother died after resistant cardiac arrest. Autopsy and pathological analyses revealed an acute pulmonary edema and a necrotic and hemorrhagic voluminous tumor of the left adrenal gland, which was a pheochromocytoma. Pheochromocytoma is a rare tumor of the adrenal glands which secretes catecholamines. In pregnant women, its symptoms can mimic gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. The gestational diabetes mellitus was presumed to be a symptom of the pheochromocytoma, and cardiopulmonary failure the result from the necrosis of the tumor provoked by gravid uterus compression. From a medico-legal point of view, the tumor could not have been suspected during the pregnancy.
Can short- and long-term maternal and infant risks linked to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy be reduced by therapy?; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), especially preeclampsia, and diabetes during pregnancy pose significant risks for both maternal and infant health, extending to long-term outcomes such as early-onset cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Current strategies for managing HDP focus on screening, prevention, surveillance, and timely intervention. No disease-modifying therapies exist so far for established preeclampsia; delivery remains the definitive resolution. Preventive measures-including early pregnancy screening, exercise, and low-dose aspirin-show promise. Antihypertensive treatments reduce severe hypertension risks, whereas magnesium sulfate remains the standard for preventing eclampsia. Planned delivery from gestational week 37 can balance maternal benefits and neonatal risks in women with established preeclampsia. Delivery between 34 and 37 weeks gestation in women with preeclampsia has to balance risks for mother and infant. Lifestyle interventions-particularly diet and physical activity-are pivotal in managing gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. The oral antidiabetic metformin has shown benefits in glycaemic control and reducing maternal weight gain, although its long-term effects on offspring remain uncertain. The safety of other peroral antidiabetics in pregnancy is less studied. Advancements in glucose monitoring and insulin administration present encouraging prospects for enhancing outcomes in women with diabetes types 1 and 2. Both HDP and diabetes during pregnancy necessitate vigilant management through a combination of lifestyle modifications, pharmacological interventions, and timely obstetric care. Although certain treatments such as low-dose aspirin and metformin show efficacy in risk reduction, further research is ongoing to ensure safety for both mothers and their offspring to reduce short- and long-term adverse effects.
Cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: The HELIUS study.; AIMS: Little is known about how pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk are associated, specifically among ethnic minorities. In this study we examined this association in women from six ethnic groups, and the potential value of pregnancy complications as eligibility criterion for CVD risk screening. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study combining obstetric history from the Dutch perinatal registry with data on cardiovascular risk up to 15 years after pregnancy from the multi-ethnic HELIUS study. We included 2,466 parous women of Dutch, South-Asian Surinamese, African Surinamese, Ghanaian, Turkish and Moroccan origin. Associations were studied across ethnicities and predictive value of pregnancy complications for CVD risk factors above traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening was assessed using Poisson regression. RESULTS: History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth were associated with higher prevalence of chronic hypertension and chronic kidney disease across most groups (prevalence ratio 1.6-1.9). Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with increased type 2 diabetes mellitus risk, particularly in ethnic minority groups (prevalence ratio 4.5-7.7). Associations did not significantly differ across ethnic groups. The prediction models did not improve substantially after adding pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. CONCLUSION: History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth and gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with CVD risk factors in parous women, without evidence of a differential association across ethnic groups. However, addition of pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening does not substantially improve the prediction of prevalent CVD risk factors.
The relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and GDM remains unclear. The present study evaluates and compares EFT using transthoracic echocardiography in pregnant women with GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 129 pregnant women in the third trimester: 65 with GDM (GDM group) and 64 with uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). As defined by the World Health Organization, the diagnosis of GDM was based on an abnormal 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. We used echocardiography to measure EFT in blood samples for all the participants. RESULTS: The postprandial blood glucose level was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences in BMI, heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure or lipid parameters between the groups. In the GDM group, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) parameters were significantly higher than in the control group. EFT was significantly higher in the GDM group (P < 0.001) and was correlated with postprandial glucose, BMI, age, and heart rate in both the groups. Only postprandial glucose and BMI remained significantly associated with EFT after multiple stepwise regression analysis. CONCLUSION: Echocardiographically measured EFT was significantly higher in the patients with GDM. The findings show that EFT was strongly correlated with postprandial glucose.
N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels vary by ethnicity and are associated with insulin sensitivity after gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Individuals of South Asian origin have a greater risk of cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than European individuals. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amino-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP) are commonly used for heart failure screening and diagnosis, but biologically BNP exerts several beneficial cardiovascular effects primarily by counteracting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system. We asked whether ethnic differences in circulating NT-proBNP levels could be explained by the differences in cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk markers? METHODS: We examined 162 South Asian and 107 Nordic women in Norway 1-3 years after GDM with a clinical examination, fasting blood samples and an oral glucose tolerance test. We measured the levels of NT-proBNP, high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin, adiponectin and markers of insulin sensitivity, such as the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Finally, we tried to identify which independent covariate best mediated the ethnic differences in NT-proBNP. RESULTS: The mean (SD) age was 35.3 (4.5) years, BMI 29.1 (6.0) kg/m(2), waist-height ratio 0.60 (0.08) and 164 women (61%) had prediabetes/diabetes. Notably, South Asian women had lower levels of NT-proBNP than Nordic women in both the normoglycemic and prediabetes/diabetes groups (median (IQR) 26  (15-38)  vs. 42 (22-66) ng/L, p < 0.001). Higher NT-proBNP levels were associated with greater insulin sensitivity in both South Asian and Nordic women (p = 0.005 and p < 0.001). South Asian women had higher levels of hsCRP (median (IQR) 2.2 (1.1-4.4) vs. 1.2 (0.3-4.2) mg/L), IL-6 (2.3 (1.5-3.2) vs. 1.5 (1.5-2.5) pg/mL), leptin (1647 (1176-2480) vs. 1223 (876-2313) pmol/L), and lower adiponectin levels (7.2 (5.3-9.3) vs. 10.0 (7.2-13.5) mg/L) and Matsuda ISI (2.4 (1.7-3.7) vs. 4.2 (2.9-6.1), p(all)<0.01) than Nordic women. Even after adjusting for these differences, higher NT-proBNP levels remained associated with insulin sensitivity (22% higher NT-proBNP per SD Matsuda ISI, p = 0.015). Insulin sensitivity and adiponectin mediated 53% and 41% of the ethnic difference in NT-proBNP. CONCLUSIONS: NT-proBNP levels are lower in South Asian than in Nordic women after GDM. Lower NT-proBNP levels correlate with impaired insulin sensitivity. Lower NT-proBNP levels in South Asian women could, therefore, be attributed to impaired insulin sensitivity rather than total body fat.
Intrapartal cardiotocographic patterns and hypoxia-related perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: In previous reports, cardiotocographic (CTG) fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring has shown only limited benefits in decreasing adverse perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether an association exists between the recently reported ZigZag pattern (FHR baseline amplitude changes of > 25 bpm with a duration of 2-30 min) and asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes in GDM pregnancies. METHODS: Intrapartal CTGs were recorded in a one-year cohort of 5150 singleton childbirths. The following CTG changes were evaluated: ZigZag pattern, saltatory pattern, late decelerations, episodes of tachycardia and bradycardia, reduced variability, and uterine tachysystole. The cohort was divided into three groups: women with GDM, women with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and women with no OGTT performed. Umbilical artery (UA) blood gases, Apgar scores, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal encephalopathy were used as outcome variables. RESULTS: GDM was diagnosed in 624 (12.1%), OGTT was normal in 4115 (79.9%), and OGTT was not performed in 411 (8.0%) women. Hypoxia-related ZigZag patterns (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.64-2.34) and late decelerations (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.27-2.13) of FHR, as well as a greater risk of fetal asphyxia (UA pH < 7.10 and/or UA BE < -12.0 meq/L and/or Apgar scores < 7 at 5-min) (OR 6.64, 95% CI 1.84-12.03) were observed in those with GDM compared with those without GDM. CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with intrapartal ZigZag pattern and late decelerations, cord blood acidemia and low 5-min Apgar scores at birth indicating increased occurrence of fetal hypoxia in GDM pregnancies.
The metabolic syndrome: common origins of a multifactorial disorder.; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a combination of cardiometabolic risk determinants including obesity (central adiposity), insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidaemia, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hypertension. MetS is rapidly increasing in prevalence worldwide as a consequence of the continued obesity "epidemic", and as a result will have a considerable impact on the global incidence of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is debate concerning whether the risk of cardiovascular disease is greater in patients diagnosed with MetS than that of the sum of the individual risk factors. At present, no unifying origin that can explain the pathogenesis of MetS has been identified and therefore no unique pharmacological treatment is available. This review summarises and critically evaluates the current clinical and scientific evidence supporting the existence of MetS as a multifactorial endocrine disease, for which maternal nutrition may be a common pathogenic mechanism. In addition, we suggest that ectopic fat accumulation (such as visceral and hepatic fat accumulation) and the proinflammatory state are central to the development of the MetS.
Assessment of Cardiac Function in Fetuses of Gestational Diabetic Mothers During the Second Trimester.; Fetuses of diabetic mothers may have structural or functional cardiac abnormalities which increase morbidity and mortality. Isolated functional abnormalities have been identified in the third trimester. The aim of the present study was to assess fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic, and global myocardial performance) in the second trimester in mothers with gestational diabetes, and also to relate cardiac function with glycemic control. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus referred for fetal cardiac evaluation in the second trimester (between 19 and 24 weeks) from March 2015 to February 2016 were enrolled as case subjects in this study. Non-diabetic mothers who had a fetal echocardiogram done between 19 and 24 weeks for other indications were enrolled as controls. Functional cardiac variables showed a statistically significant difference in isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and the myocardial performance index and mitral E/A ratios in the gestational diabetic group (p = 0.003). Mitral annular plane systolic excursion was significantly less in the diabetic group (p = 0.01). The only functional cardiac variable found abnormal in mothers with poor glycemic control was the prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time. Functional cardiac abnormalities can be detected in the second trimester in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers and timely intervention can improve postnatal outcomes.
Predictive values of clinical data,molecular biomarkers, and echocardiographic measurements in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to use molecular biomarkers and clinical data and echocardiograms that were collected during admission to predict bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants with gestational age ≤32 weeks. METHODS: Eighty-two patients (40 with BPD, BPD group and 42 healthy as controls, non-BPD group) admitted to the Department of Neonatology of the Children's Hospital of Soochow University between October 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020, were enrolled in this study at the tertiary hospital. Basic clinical data on the perinatal period, echocardiographic measurements, and molecular biomarkers (N-terminal-pro-B-brain natriuretic peptide, NT-proBNP) were collected. We used multiple logistic regression analysis to establish an early predictive model for detecting BPD development in preterm infants of gestational age ≤32 weeks. We also used a receiver operating characteristic curve to assess the sensitivity and speciﬁcity of the model. RESULTS: No significant differences were found between the BPD and non-BPD groups in terms of sex, birth weight, gestational age, incidence of asphyxia, maternal age, gravidity, parity, mode of delivery, premature rupture of membranes >18 h, use of prenatal hormones, placental abruption, gestational diabetes mellitus, amniotic fluid contamination, prenatal infections, and maternal diseases. The use of caffeine, albumin, gamma globulin; ventilation; days of FiO(2) ≥ 40%; oxygen inhalation time; red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg); and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group. The levels of hemoglobin, hematocrit, and albumin in the BPD group were significantly lower than those in the non-BPD group. The total calorie intake was significantly lower in the BPD group on the 3rd, 7th, and 14th day after birth than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The incidence rates of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), pulmonary hypertension, and tricuspid regurgitation were significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The serum level of NT-proBNP 24 h after birth was significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Serum NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in infants with severe BPD than in those with mild or moderate BPD (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: As there were various risk factors for BPD, a combining clinical data, molecular biomarkers, and echocardiogram measurements can be valuable in predicting the BPD. The tricuspid regurgitation flow rate (m/s), NT-proBNP (pg/ml), ventilator-associated pneumonia, days of FiO(2) ≥ 40% (d), red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg), and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were the most practical factors considered for designing an appropriate model for predicting the risk of BPD.
Diabetes among Alaska Natives: a review.; This review summarizes the published information on diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes among Alaska Natives. The most recently published age-adjusted prevalence was 28.3/1000 in 1998. There is evidence of a steadily increasing prevalence, documented both by cross sectional screening studies and patient registry methods. The overall incidence rates in 1986-1998 of lower extremity amputation (6.1/1000) and renal replacement therapy (2.1/1000) appear to be lower than those in other Native American populations in the United States. Incidence of stroke and MI in 1986-1998 varied widely by ethnic group and gender with Eskimo women having the highest rate of stroke (19.6/1000), and Aleut men the highest rate of MI (14/1000). The overall mortality among diabetic Alaska Native people in 1986-1993 (43.2/1000) was somewhat lower than that in other US diabetic populations, with heart disease being the most common cause of death. A high rate of gestational diabetes (6.7%) was reported in one region in 1987-88, but this appeared to decline following nutritional education intervention. In screening studies, the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance has been found to be positively associated with body mass index and negatively associated with daily seal oil or salmon consumption and higher levels of physical activity. Observations on the prevalence and relationships among other factors in the insulin resistance syndrome are summarized. Suggestions for prevention of diabetes and further studies are presented.
Disorders in glucidic metabolism and congenital heart diseases: detection and prevention.; The identification of gestational diabetes (GDM) through appropriate screening and its subsequent treatment have not been demonstrated to limit neonatal malformations to date. This study aimed to detect congenital heart diseases in newborns of mothers with GDM by evaluating the existence of a correlation with maternal glycemic control. This observational prospective study investigated newborns of mothers with GDM enrolled during a period of 9 months. Four subgroups were considered according to the type of maternal glucidic alteration during pregnancy and the home treatment: impaired glucose tolerance, insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and gestational diabetes not controlled (NC: untreated diabetes). Student's t test was used to compare the subgroups. The study enrolled 65 newborns (30 boys) born to 82 of mothers with impaired glucidic metabolism. Patent ductus arteriosus was observed in 11 patients (16.9 %), pulmonary stenosis of mild grade in 4 patients ( 6.2 %), and hypertrophy of the ventricular septum in 22 patients (33.8 %). A total of 14 patients had increased thickness in the left ventricle posterior wall, and 17 patients had an abnormal electrocardiogram. Hyperglycemia can influence the development of the fetal heart, affecting both its structure and its function. A treatment with insulin for women with GDM is supported by the study data.
Aging-Related Behavioral, Adiposity, and Glucose Impairments and Their Association following Prenatal Alcohol Exposure in the C57BL/6J Mouse.; People that experience prenatal alcohol exposure (PAE) may have behavioral and metabolic impairments, and it is unclear whether these remain stable or change with age. We assessed behavioral and metabolic endpoints across the lifespan in a mouse model of fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (FASD). Pregnant C57BL/6J mice received alcohol (ALC; 3 g/kg) or maltose-dextrin (control, CON) daily from embryonic day 8.5 to 17.5. Offspring were tested on accelerating rotarod, Y-maze, novel object recognition, and fear conditioning at 6 weeks and 10 and 17 months; females were also tested at 24 months. Body composition, fasting glucose, and glucose clearance were assessed at 18 months. Female but not male ALC mice had greater adiposity than age-matched CON from 7 months onward. At 18 months, male but not female ALC mice had reduced glucose clearance and ALC mice were more likely to have elevated fasting glucose. In the rotarod training session, ALC females performed worse than CON. In the Y-maze, significant exposure-age interactions affected ALC performance in both sexes versus age-match CON. For fear conditioning, all animals acquired the task and froze more at older ages. In both the context and cued tasks, there were exposure-age interactions and ALC animals frozen less than CON at 10 months. Correlation analysis revealed that fasting glucose and glucose clearance correlated with % of body fat in ALC but not in CON mice. Additionally, glucose intolerance and % body fat negatively correlated with performance in the rotarod, context learning, and novel object recognition tasks in ALC but not CON mice. All mice exhibit worsening of behavioral performance as they age, and PAE did not further exacerbate this. ALC but not CON mice displayed adiposity and glucose intolerance that correlate with their cognitive impairments, suggesting that these may be mechanistically related in PAE. Findings emphasize that FASD should be considered a whole-body disorder.
Epicardial fat thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide.; OBJECTIVE: The female population with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a postpartum profile with increased cardiovascular (CV) risk factors and heightened prospective CV risk. Epicardial fat tissue was reported to be related to cardiometabolic diseases as metabolically active adipose tissue and natriuretic peptides (NPs) have been shown to have metabolic effects. This study's aim was to determine the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and NPs in the female population diagnosed with GDM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study involved 161 pregnant women: 96 with GDM, and 65 healthy controls. GDM was diagnosed following the American Diabetes Association (2013) norms for diagnosing diabetes. All patients underwent echocardiography to measure EFT. N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and other parameters were quantified in blood samples. The Independent Samples t-test, Pearson's correlation test, and a multivariable logistic regression analysis (LRA) were performed for statistical evaluation. A p-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Fasting (91.46±14.29 mg/dl vs. 82.18±8.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), first-hour (202.30± 21.60 mg/dl vs. 161.57±16.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), and second-hour (176.95±20.43 mg/dl vs. 130.93±16.95 mg/dl) glucose levels (p<0.001), fasting insulin level (14.54±3.50 mUL/mL vs. 11.51±2.04 mUL/mL; p<0.001), and Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) value (3.28±0.99 vs. 2.31±0.45; p<0.0001) in GDM Group were significantly higher than Control Group. The GDM Group also had significantly increased EFT values compared to the Control Group (4.74±0.65 mm vs. 3.77±0.66 mm; p<0.0001), whereas NT-proBNP levels of diabetic women were considerably lower compared to controls (21.59±19.86 pg/ml vs. 39.74±33.96 pg/ml; p<0.0001). In addition, EFT thickness and the NT-proBNP level were determined to be significantly negatively correlated (r=-32, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: EFT evaluation might play a prognostic role in detecting cardiometabolic risk associated with potential disorders such as GDM. This study showed a potential interplay between epicardial adipose tissue and NPs secreted by cardiomyocytes and practical effects on fat metabolism in GDM subjects.
Glucose tolerance in pregnancy and the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Studies demonstrate an association between high but non-diabetic blood glucose levels and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Pregnancy alters glucose metabolism and results in a continuum of glucose tolerance, it is not known whether this continuum is associated with a continuum of risk of CVD in later life. OBJECTIVES: To examine the long-term risk of CVD associated with the continuum of maternal glucose tolerance. PARTICIPANTS: Nine hundred and seventeen participants assessed during pregnancy and followed over 20 years. MEASUREMENTS: Smoking behaviour, BMI at index pregnancy and follow-up, and gestational HbA1c. MAIN OUTCOME: Requiring medication for hypertension and CVD, and hospital admissions for CVD as ascertained by record linkage over 20-year period. RESULTS: Fifty-one women had a history of CVD, 85 women had hypertension and 17 women (2.3%) were admitted for CVD. There was a significant increase in the risk for CVD, hypertension and hospitalisation for CVD across the quartiles of gestational HbA1c after adjustment for known risk factors. This increased risk reached statistical significance in the highest quartile although confidence intervals were wide. CONCLUSION: Sub-clinical HbA1c during pregnancy was associated with a dose-related increase in the presence of medication and hospital admission for CVD. The magnitude of these effects is of note.
Gestational diabetes: risks, management, and treatment options.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly defined as glucose intolerance first recognized during pregnancy. Diagnostic criteria for GDM have changed over the decades, and several definitions are currently used; recent recommendations may increase the prevalence of GDM to as high as one of five pregnancies. Perinatal complications associated with GDM include hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, stillbirths, clinical neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and cesarean deliveries. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Management strategies increasingly emphasize optimal management of fetal growth and weight. Monitoring of glucose, fetal stress, and fetal weight through ultrasound combined with maternal weight management, medical nutritional therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy can decrease comorbidities associated with GDM. Consensus is lacking on ideal glucose targets, degree of caloric restriction and content, algorithms for pharmacotherapy, and in particular, the use of oral medications and insulin analogs in lieu of human insulin. Postpartum glucose screening and initiation of healthy lifestyle behaviors, including exercise, adequate fruit and vegetable intake, breastfeeding, and contraception, are encouraged to decrease rates of future glucose intolerance in mothers and offspring.
Early puberty: a review on its role as a risk factor for metabolic and mental disorders.; Accumulating evidence indicates that there is a trend of early puberty onset in humans. The early timing of puberty has raised concerns due to its association with significant negative health outcomes. However, overall impact and potential risk of early puberty remain uncertain. In this study, we conducted a comprehensive review of existing epidemiological studies to gain insights into the long-term adverse health effects associated with early puberty. Our objective was to provide a consolidated summary of these outcomes at a population level by considering studies that encompass various indicators of puberty. In all, early puberty has been identified as a potential risk factor for various metabolic diseases, such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Children who experience early puberty are more likely to have a higher body mass index (BMI) during adulthood, increasing their risk of obesity. Early puberty also has been found to be an independent risk factor for diabetes mellitus, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), as earlier onset of menarche in girls and voice breaking in boys is associated with a higher prevalence of T2DM. Furthermore, evidence suggests that early puberty may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD, including conditions like coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, angina, and hypertension. In addition, adolescents who experience early puberty, particularly girls, are more likely to suffer from mental problems, such as behavioral dysfunction and depression. Notably, early puberty has a more significant impact on girls than boys. Further research should consider the underlying mechanisms and potential preventive measures.
The correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oxidative stress levels.; Background The primary objective of this study was to compare the fetal cardiac performance index (Tei index) between the fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers and non-GDM mothers; and the secondary objective was to compare various other parameters of fetal cardiac function as well as maternal oxidative stress levels between the groups of GDM and non-GDM mothers. Methods A cross-sectional study was conducted on pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. All of the participants underwent 100 g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as a diagnostic test for GDM and were categorized as non-GDM and GDM group. All participants had fetal echocardiography performed for cardiac function, and then maternal blood samples were collected for biomarker measurements. Results A total of 80 pregnant women, including 43 in the GDM group and 37 in the non-GDM group, were included in the study. The maternal serum 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin (IL)-10 levels were significantly higher in the GDM group than those in the non-GDM group (P: 0.028, P: 0.019 and P: 0.031, respectively). The fetal cardiac function parameters were not significantly different between the two groups. Regardless of the GDM status, the fetuses with high levels of oxidative stress (8Isop ≥1000 pg/mg protein) had a significantly higher rate of impaired shortening fraction (SF) of the left ventricle (P: 0.001). Conclusion GDM is significantly associated with an increase in the oxidative stress process, and a high level of oxidative stress was significantly associated with left ventricular (LV) function impairment. Though a correlation between GDM and fetal cardiac function impairment was not clearly demonstrated in this study, this study suggests that GDM patients with a high level of oxidative stress should be evaluated for fetal cardiac function.
The risk for future cerebrovascular disease in pregnant women with Moyamoya disease: a nationwide population-based study in South Korea.; BACKGROUND: Physiologic changes during pregnancy affect the development of postpartum cerebrovascular disease (CVD) in women with Moyamoya disease. Due to the rare prevalence of Moyamoya disease and its large regional variations, large-scale based studies on the risk of CVD after delivery have not been conducted. This study aimed to evaluate whether women with Moyamoya disease have an increased risk of CVD after delivery. METHODS: Research data was collected from the National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who delivered in Korea from 2007 to 2014 were enrolled in this study. We classified women as having CVD if they were diagnosed with any of the following conditions between delivery and December 31, 2016; cerebral infarction (I63.X in the International Classification of Diseases-10th Revision [ICD-10]) and/or intracranial hemorrhage (I61.X, I62.X in ICD-10) and/or subarachnoid hemorrhage (I60.X in ICD-10). Women with Moyamoya disease were identified as having I67.5 in ICD-10. We matched the study cohort by the ratio of 1:10 to analyze the risk CVD occurrence. The matching technique applied in this study was based on the variables of age and parity. To evaluate the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for CVD in women with Moyamoya disease, we used multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression. RESULTS: Among a total of 3,611,216 Korean women who underwent delivered, we identified 412 women with Moyamoya disease diagnosis and 1420 age- and parity-matched women without Moyamoya disease (control). Compared to the control group, women with Moyamoya disease had a significantly higher rate of Cesarean section, overt DM, and essential hypertension (all p < 0.0001). Among women with Moyamoya disease, 55 (13.35%) women developed CVD within the follow-up postpartum period. The presence of Moyamoya disease was associated with an increased risk of CVD after delivery (adjusted HR 37.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 17.50-80.02 within 2.3 years) after adjusting for pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension. CONCLUSION: This population based study showed that the occurrence rate of CVD after delivery was higher in women with Moyamoya disease than in those without. Therefore, careful and long-term postpartum surveillance is required for women with Moyamoya disease.
Unique cardiometabolic factors in women that contribute to modified cardiovascular disease risk.; Major risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) include hypertension, obesity, diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome; all of which are considered inflammatory conditions. Women are disproportionately affected by inflammatory conditions, with sex differences emerging as early as adolescence. Hormonal fluctuations associated with reproductive events such as menarche, pregnancy and menopause, are hypothesized to promote a pro-inflammatory state in women. Moreover, women who have experienced inflammatory-type conditions such as polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), gestational diabetes or pre-eclampsia, have a cardiometabolic phenotype that pre-disposes to increased risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and coronary heart disease. Women with no notable CVD risk factors are often relatively protected from CVD pre-menopause; but overtake men in risk of major cardiovascular events when the cardiovascular protective effects of oestrogen begin to wane. Sex differences and female-specific factors have long been considered challenging to study and this has led to an underrepresentation of females in clinical trials and lack of female-specific data from pre-clinical studies. However, there is now a clear prerogative to include females at all stages of research, despite inherent complexities and potential variability in data. This review explores recent advancements in our understanding of CVD in women. We summarise the underlying factors unique to women that can promote CVD risk factors, ultimately contributing to CVD burden and the emerging therapies aimed to combat this.
Growth factors in preeclampsia: a vascular disease model. A failed vasodilation and angiogenic challenge from pregnancy onwards?; Preeclampsia is the major cause of maternofetal and neonatal morbi-mortality including intrauterine growth retardation, miscarriages and stillbirths. Inadequate vascular dilation and angiogenesis represent the crucial underlying defect of gravidic hypertension, denoting a failed response to the vasodilatory and pro-angiogenic challenge imposed by pregnancy, especially if multifetal. A similar pathogenesis appears involved in gestational diabetes. In this review we aimed to provide a hint on understanding the deeply involved angiogenic disorders which eventually culminate in utero-placental failure. The key players in these complex processes may be found in an intricate network of growth factors (GFs) and GF inhibitors, controlled by several vascular risk factors modulated by environment and genes, which eventually impact on early and late cardiovascular outcomes of mother and fetus.
Development and validation of a facile rapid assessment scale for perinatal venous thromboembolism in puerperium in Chinese women.; BACKGROUND: It is still urgent and challenge to develop a simple risk assessment scale for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in puerperium in Chinese women. METHODS: The study, a retrospective case-control study, was conducted in 12 hospitals in different cities in China. A total of 1152 pregnant women were selected, including 384 cases with VTE and 768 cases without VTE. A logistic regression method was conducted to determine the risk factors of VTE. RESULTS: Age, BMI before delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, family history (thrombosis, diabetes, cardiovascular disease), and assisted reproductive technology were independent risk factors (P<0.05). The difference between the high-risk group and the low-risk group was statistically significant(P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 0.578, specificity of 0.756, Yuden index o.334, and area under the ROC curve of 0.878. CONCLUSIONS: The age (≥ 35 years), BMI before delivery (≥ 30 kg/m(2)), gestational diabetes mellitus, family history of related diseases and assisted reproductive technology are more likely to cause VTE after full-time delivery. The simple and rapid assessment scale of VTE in women after full-term delivery has perfect discrimination (P < 0.001), which can be applied to predict the risk of VTE in Chinese full-term postpartum women.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and function: cohort comparison of second- and third-trimester fetuses.; OBJECTIVES: To assess differences in cardiac morphology and function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to controls, and to assess whether, in women with GDM, fetal cardiac changes are accentuated with advancing gestational age. METHODS: We studied 112 women with GDM and 224 women with uncomplicated pregnancy at 24-40 weeks' gestation. In all fetuses, a standard four-chamber oblique view was obtained and offline speckle-tracking analysis was performed to measure right and left endocardial global longitudinal strain (GLS) and tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion. Global sphericity index was also calculated. Echocardiographic parameters were compared between GDM fetuses and controls at two gestational time periods of 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. RESULTS: At 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks, we phenotyped 43 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 71 from uncomplicated pregnancies, and, at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks, we phenotyped 69 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 153 from women with uncomplicated pregnancy. In fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared to controls, right ventricular functional indices were consistently lower both at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. Right ventricular GLS was reduced in the GDM group at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.7%; 95% CI, 0.3-1.1%) and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.9%; 95% CI, 0.6-1.1%). Fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar in GDM pregnancies compared with controls, with the exception of the contractility of the left ventricular basal segment, which was reduced. Global sphericity index was reduced in GDM pregnancies only at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, -0.4; 95% CI, -0.7 to 0.1). CONCLUSIONS: The offspring of women with GDM are at high risk for development of cardiovascular disease in childhood and early adulthood. Our study demonstrates that GDM is associated with a reduction mainly in fetal right ventricular function, compared to controls, and this response is not exaggerated with increasing gestational age. Further studies are needed to determine whether fetuses with the observed alterations in cardiac function are those at highest risk for subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Endothelial function in women with and without a history of glucose intolerance in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women who are at risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction, as indicated by impaired flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) on brachial artery ultrasound, is an early marker of vascular disease. Thus, we sought to evaluate endothelial function in women with and without recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. METHODS: One-hundred and seventeen women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) in pregnancy, enabling stratification into those with normal gestational glucose tolerance (n = 59) and those with GDM or GIGT (n = 58). 6 years postpartum, they underwent a repeat of OGTT and brachial artery FMD studies, enabling assessment of FMD and 4 secondary vascular measures: FMD after 60 seconds (FMD60), baseline arterial diameter, peak shear rate, and reactive hyperemia. RESULTS: There were no differences between the normal gestational glucose tolerance and GDM/GIGT groups in FMD (mean 8.5 versus 9.3%, P = 0.61), FMD60 (4.1 versus 5.1%, P = 0.33), baseline diameter (3.4 versus 3.4 mm, P = 0.66), peak shear rate (262.6 versus 274.8 s(-1), P = 0.32), and reactive hyperemia (576.6 versus 496.7%, P = 0.07). After covariate adjustment, there were still no differences between the groups. CONCLUSION: Despite their long-term cardiovascular risk, women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy do not display endothelial dysfunction 6 years postpartum.
Risk Factors and Clinical Features of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in a Chinese Population.; PURPOSE: We investigated the risk factors and characteristic clinical features of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) to lay the groundwork for early identification, screening, diagnosis, and intervention in high-risk pregnant women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was conducted to analyze data from 44 patients with PPCM and 226 normal pregnant women from a Chinese population. RESULTS: Significant differences were found between the groups in terms of various factors such as age, body mass index (BMI), heart rate, and medical history. Logistic regression models identified abnormal electrocardiography (OR=18.852), upper respiratory tract infection (OR=41.822), gestational hypertension (OR=18.188), and cesarean section (OR=8.394) as risk factors for PPCM. Common clinical features observed in patients with PPCM included cough, wheezing, and chest tightness (68.18%), left heart enlargement (56.82%) and valvular insufficiency (81.82%). Additionally, cardiotropic virus was detected in a subset of patients (43.18%) and NT-proBNP was elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL (81.82%). CONCLUSION: In the Chinese population, the presence of abnormal electrocardiograms during pregnancy, history of upper respiratory tract infection, gestational hypertension, and maternal choice of cesarean section suggest the possibility of PPCM development. Factors such as advanced age, family history of cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, eclampsia, anemia, and hypoproteinemia should be considered. Clinically, patients present with cough, wheezing, chest tightness, enlarged left heart, valvular insufficiency and NT-proBNP elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL. This study could serve as a valuable reference for medical practitioners for the early identification and screening of patients with PPCM.
Neurodevelopment of Two-Year-Old Children Exposed to Metformin and Insulin in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare cognitive, language, and motor skills and results of neurological examination in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin with those treated with insulin. METHOD: The children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus randomized to metformin (n = 75) or insulin (n = 71) treatment during pregnancy were examined by standardized developmental and neurological measures; the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III) and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the metformin and insulin groups in the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development (Bayley-III) test of cognitive scale (p = .12), receptive communication (p = .14) or expressive communication (p = .75), fine motor scale (p = .10) or gross motor scale (p = .13), or the global scores of Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination (p = .14). None of the children had a clinically significant developmental problem. However, compared with age-adjusted norms, a trend for weaker language performance was observed in both study groups. CONCLUSION: No differences in neurodevelopmental outcome were seen in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin or metformin during pregnancy. The results suggest that children born to mothers with GDM and exposed to metformin in utero do not systematically need extensive formal neurodevelopmental assessment in early childhood.
General practitioners' knowledge about pregnancy complications associated with long-term cardiovascular risk.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women; preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of CVD. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate general practitioners (GP) knowledge about complicated pregnancies and their association with CVD. METHODS: An anonymous case-based electronic questionnaire designed to assess the level of understanding on the influence of a history of pregnancy complications on long-term cardiovascular risk and general knowledge about CVD risk was sent to GPs. RESULTS: The response rate was 35 % (161/465). The participants recognized that PE and GDM are risk factors for CVD (98 and 83 %, respectively), and reported the following CVD screening strategies in women with a history of PE and GDM: blood pressure monitoring (PE 100 %, GDM 46 %), body mass index calculation (PE 68 %, GDM 57 %), lipid profile evaluation (PE 71 %, GDM 57 %), glycated hemoglobin (PE 26 %, GDM 92 %), and fasting glucose (PE 28 %, GDM 91 %). CONCLUSION: GP-reported screening strategies to identify CVD in women with a history of PE and GDM were variable.
Cardiac Function in Infants Born to Mothers With Gestational Diabetes　- Estimation of Early Diastolic Intraventricular Pressure Differences.; Background: This study compared the myocardial performance of infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (IGDM) and without GDM (controls) under the new GDM definitions. Methods and Results: The subjects consisted of 36 IGDM and 39 control infants. GDM diagnosis was based on oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes prior to the current pregnancy. Between-group infant cardiac function was determined and compared using 2-D speckle tracking analysis, intraventricular pressure difference (IVPD) and IVP gradient (IVPG), using color M-mode Doppler imaging. IVPD and IVPG were higher in IGDM than in the controls, particularly the mid-apical IVPG. The global circumferential strain (GCS) and endocardial GCS were higher in IGDM than in controls. Increased maternal glycated hemoglobin was correlated with reduced transmural and epicardial GCS in the IGDM. Maternal maximum fasting blood sugar had a mild, positive correlation with IVPD and IVPG. Conclusions: Ventricular sucking force, measured as the IVPD, IVPG, and endocardial GCS, were higher in IGDM than in the controls. A hyperglycemic environment during pregnancy leads to impaired cardiac performance in IGDM, compared with control infants. IGDM might have favorable systolic and diastolic cardiac performance due to cardiac metabolic adaptations occurring before poor glucose control causes impaired cardiac performance.
Outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Objective: To evaluate the outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries (VAD) among neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Study design: Retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestation ≥37 + 0 weeks of gestation who underwent VAD at a single, tertiary, medical center (2007-2014). Women with GDM and their neonates were compared to women without diabetes and their neonates. Composite neonatal outcome was defined as ≥1 of the following: shoulder dystocia, 5-min Apgar score <7, asphyxia, seizure, subgaleal, subarachnoid or subdural hemorrhage, fracture of the clavicle, humerus or skull, or Erb's palsy. Results: Overall, 251 (5.2%) women with GDM were compared with 4534 (94.8%) women without GDM. Women with GDM were older, delivered earlier, with higher rates of mild preeclampsia and induction of labor. Their neonates had higher mean birth weight percentile, and higher rates of hypoglycemia, phototherapy, fracture of the humerus (3.2 versus 1.1%, aOR 2.95, 95%CI 1.38-6.30), and subarachnoid hemorrhage (1.2 versus 0.3%, aOR 4.56, 95%CI 1.28-16.26). No difference was found with regards to the composite neonatal outcome (9.2 versus 11.1%, p = .34). Conclusions: GDM is associated with a higher risk for certain birth injuries in VAD at ≥37 + 0 weeks of gestation, yet the overall risk of adverse neonatal outcomes is comparable to women without GDM.
Prolonged fasting elicits increased hepatic triglyceride accumulation in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers.; We investigated the effect of dexamethasone during the last week of pregnancy on glucose and lipid metabolism in male offspring. Twelve-week old offspring were evaluated after fasting for 12-hours (physiological) and 60-hours (prolonged). Physiological fasting resulted in glucose intolerance, decreased glucose clearance after pyruvate load and increased PEPCK expression in rats born to dexamethasone-treated mothers (DEX). Prolonged fasting resulted in increased glucose tolerance and increased glucose clearance after pyruvate load in DEX. These modulations were accompanied by accumulation of hepatic triglycerides (TG). Sixty-hour fasted DEX also showed increased citrate synthase (CS) activity, ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) content, and pyruvate kinase 2 (pkm2), glucose transporter 1 (slc2a1) and lactate dehydrogenase-a (ldha) expressions. Hepatic AKT2 was increased in 60-hour fasted DEX, in parallel with reduced miRNAs targeting the AKT2 gene. Altogether, we show that metabolic programming by prenatal dexamethasone is characterized by an unexpected hepatic TG accumulation during prolonged fasting. The underlying mechanism may depend on increased hepatic glycolytic flux due to increased pkm2 expression and consequent conversion of pyruvate to non-esterified fatty acid synthesis due to increased CS activity and ACLY levels. Upregulation of AKT2 due to reduced miRNAs may serve as a permanent mechanism leading to increased pkm2 expression.
Cardiovascular Complications Associated With COVID-19 During Delivery Hospitalizations in Pandemic Year 2020.; BACKGROUND: Persons with COVID-19 infection have an increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. However, data on acute cardiovascular (CV) complications during delivery admissions remain limited. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine whether pregnant individuals with COVID-19 have an increased risk of acute peripartum CV complications during their delivery admission. METHODS: This population-based retrospective cohort study used the 2020 National Inpatient Sample database. The International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision codes were used to identify delivery admissions with a diagnosis of COVID-19. A multivariable logistic regression model was performed to determine the association between COVID-19 and acute peripartum CV complications at delivery. RESULTS: A total of 3,458,691 weighted delivery admissions were identified, of which 1.3% were among persons with COVID-19 (n = 46,375). Persons with COVID-19 were younger (median 28 vs 29 years, P < 0.01) and had a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm births, and Cesarean delivery (P < 0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, COVID-19 remained independently associated with peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.33 [95% CI, 1.29-1.37]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR: 2.09 [1.54-2.84]), acute coronary syndrome (aOR: 12.94 [8.85-18.90]), and arrhythmias (aOR: 1.55 [1.45-1.67]), compared with no COVID-19. Likewise, the risks of in-hospital mortality, acute kidney injury, stroke, pulmonary edema, and venous thromboembolism were higher with COVID-19. For resource utilization, the cost of hospitalization ($5,374 vs $4,837, P < 0.01) was higher for deliveries among persons with COVID-19. CONCLUSIONS: In the year 2020, pregnant persons with COVID-19 had a higher risk of preeclampsia, in-hospital mortality, and other serious CV complication during delivery hospitalizations compared to pregnant individuals without COVID-19.
Troponin T and NT ProBNP Levels in Gestational, Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetic Mothers and Macrosomic Infants.; This study compares NT proBNP and troponin T levels in umbilical cord arterial blood and postnatal echocardiographic findings for infants of gestational and pregestational diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants. Twenty-seven infants of pregestational diabetic mothers, 61 infants of gestational diabetic mothers and 37 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers were prospectively enrolled in this study along with a control group of 58 healthy infants of mothers without any pregestational or gestational disorders as the control group. All enrollees were born after 34 weeks of gestation. For this study, umbilical cord blood was drawn during delivery to determine NT proBNP and troponin T levels. Echocardiography was performed 24-72 h after the delivery. Umbilical cord troponin T and NT proBNP levels were found to be higher in the diabetic and macrosomic groups than in the control group (all of them p < 0.001). NT proBNP levels were positively correlated with interventricular septum thickness in the pregestational and gestational infants of diabetic mothers groups (r = 0.564 and r = 0.560, respectively, p < 0.01). Both pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers were divided into two groups according to HbA1c levels in the third trimester as good (<6.1 %) and suboptimal (>6.1 %) metabolic control. In the good and suboptimal metabolic control diabetic groups, NT proBNP levels were also positively correlated with interventricular septum thickness (r = 0.536 and r = 0.576, respectively, p < 0.01). In the suboptimal metabolic control diabetic group, NT proBNP was only found to be positively correlated with the left ventricular mass index (r = 0.586, p < 0.01). While there was no correlation in the myocardial performance index between infants of diabetic mothers and the control group, the myocardial performance index of macrosomic infants was lower than that of the control group (p = 0.017). Cardiac biomarkers (NT proBNP and troponin T) were elevated in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants. While there was a positive correlation between NT proBNP levels and cardiac structure in infants of pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers, there was no relationship between NT proBNP levels and cardiac function.
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease and accompany asymptomatic deterioration of the myocardial function. This study aims to identify the subclinical impact of GDM on maternal left ventricular function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE). METHODS: We prospectively recruited 47 women with GDM and 62 healthy pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. GDM diagnosis agreed with the IADPSG criteria. TTE was performed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Conventional echocardiographic data and 2D-STE parameters were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: Age, gestational weeks, heart rate, and conventional echocardiographic parameters had no difference between the two groups. The average LV global longitudinal strain (LV-GLS) of GDM patients was lower than controls (18.14 ± 2.53 vs. 22.36 ± 6.33, p < 0.001), and 31 patients (66%) in our study had an absolute LV-GLS less than 20%. The LA reservoir and conduit strain in patients with GDM were also significantly reduced (32.71 ± 6.64 vs. 38.00 ± 7.06, 20.41 ± 5.69 vs. 25.56 ± 5.73, p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference in LA contractile function between the two groups. In multiple regression analysis, LV-GLS and LA conduit strain independently associated with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: 2D-STE could detect the subclinical myocardial dysfunction more sensitively than conventional echocardiography, with LV-GLS and LA conduit strain as independent indicators of the GDM impact on maternal cardiac function during pregnancy.
Programming of adult cardiovascular disease following exposure to late-gestation hyperglycemia.; BACKGROUND: In utero exposure to hyperglycemia is becoming increasingly prevalent as the number of women entering pregnancy with type II diabetes, or developing gestational diabetes, increases. Both animal studies and epidemiologic investigations have found cardiovascular abnormalities in adult offspring of hyperglycemic mothers (OHM). OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that adult OHM would have abnormal cardiac function in vivo and increased susceptibility to ischemia. METHODS: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation. Serum glucose was monitored twice daily and insulin provided to maintain serum glucose at 200-400 mg/dl. Offspring were fostered to normal mothers after birth. Adult OHM were studied at 8-10 months of age with echocardiography to assess in vivo cardiac function and isolated hearts to determine the response to ischemia. RESULTS: Echocardiography found significant diastolic dysfunction in male OHM compared to male controls. In isolated hearts, baseline cardiac function and left ventricular compliance was significantly diminished in male OHM compared to controls. Ischemia caused a significant decline in heart function in controls and female OHM, while function in male OHM remained unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: Adult male OHM demonstrate programmed cardiac dysfunction. Given the growing number of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia, additional assessment of cardiac function of adults born to diabetic mothers may be warranted.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes and Incident Maternal CKD: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated whether GDM is associated with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD), controlling for prepregnancy risk factors for both conditions. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Of 2,747 women (aged 18-30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study in 1985 to 86, we studied 820 who were nulliparous at enrollment, delivered at least 1 pregnancy longer than 20 weeks' gestation, and had kidney function measurements during 25 years of follow-up. PREDICTOR: GDM was self-reported by women for each pregnancy. OUTCOMES: CKD was defined as the development of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR)<60mL/min/1.73m(2) or urine albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 25mg/g at any one CARDIA examination in years 10, 15, 20, or 25. MEASUREMENTS: HRs for developing CKD were estimated for women who developed GDM versus women without GDM using complementary log-log models, adjusting for prepregnancy age, systolic blood pressure, dyslipidemia, body mass index, smoking, education, eGFR, fasting glucose concentration, physical activity level (all measured at the CARDIA examination before the first pregnancy), race, and family history of diabetes. We explored for an interaction between race and GDM. RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 20.8 years, 105 of 820 (12.8%) women developed CKD, predominantly increased urine albumin excretion (98 albuminuria only, 4 decreased eGFR only, and 3 both). There was evidence of a GDM-race interaction on CKD risk (P=0.06). Among black women, the adjusted HR for CKD was 1.96 (95% CI, 1.04-3.67) in GDM compared with those without GDM. Among white women, the HR was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.23-1.83). LIMITATIONS: Albuminuria was assessed by single untimed measurements of urine albumin and creatinine. CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with the subsequent development of albuminuria among black women in CARDIA.
Assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The main manifestation of hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus. It can herald diabetes mellitus type 2 and its deleterious long-term effects, such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, one of the first signs of future cardiovascular disease. METHODS: A total of 21 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 23 healthy pregnant women (control group) between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation underwent echocardiographic assessment. The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was made in agreement with the American Diabetes Association criteria. Echocardiographic images obtained were analysed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Data were analysed using Pearson correlation coefficient, analysis of variance and Student's t-test. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus had higher posterior wall and interventricular septum thickness, increased left ventricular mass and left ventricular mass index, lower early diastolic annular velocity and early diastolic annular velocity/late diastolic annular velocity ratio. There was a positive correlation between left ventricular mass index and fasting glucose and pregnancy body mass index. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus seem to have a different diastolic profile as well as a mildly dysfunctional pattern on echocardiogram, which may show a need for greater glycaemic control.
Risk factors of neonatal stroke from different origins: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Given the persistent ambiguity regarding the etiology of neonatal stroke across diverse origins, our objective was to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of both qualitative and quantitative risk factors. An exhaustive search of eight databases was executed to amass all pertinent observational studies concerning risk factors for neonatal stroke from various origins. Subsequent to independent screening, data extraction, and bias assessment by two researchers, a meta-analysis was conducted utilizing RevMan and Stata software. Nineteen studies, encompassing a total of 30 factors, were incorporated into this analysis. Beyond established risk factors, our investigation unveiled gestational diabetes (OR, 5.51; P < 0.00001), a history of infertility (OR, 2.44; P < 0.05), placenta previa (OR, 3.92; P = 0.02), postdates (OR, 2.07; P = 0.01), preterm labor (OR, 2.32; P < 0.00001), premature rupture of membranes (OR, 3.02; P = 0.007), a prolonged second stage of labor (OR, 3.94; P < 0.00001), and chorioamnionitis (OR, 4.35; P < 0.00001) as potential risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke. Additionally, postdates (OR, 4.31; P = 0.003), preterm labor (OR, 1.60; P < 0.00001), an abnormal CTG tracing (OR, 9.32; P < 0.0001), cesarean section (OR, 4.29; P = 0.0004), male gender (OR, 1.73; P = 0.02), and vaginal delivery (OR, 1.39; P < 0.00001) were associated with an elevated risk for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides a succinct overview and comparative analysis of maternal, perinatal, and additional risk factors associated with neonatal cerebral artery ischemic stroke and neonatal hemorrhagic stroke, furnishing critical insights for healthcare practitioners involved in the diagnosis and prevention of neonatal stroke. This research also broadens the conceptual framework for future investigations. WHAT IS KNOWN: • Research indicates that prenatal, perinatal, and neonatal risk factors can elevate the risk of neonatal arterial ischemic stroke (NAIS). However, the risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke remain contentious, and those for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke (NHS) and neonatal cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) are still not well-defined. WHAT IS NEW: • This study is the inaugural comprehensive review and meta-analysis encompassing 19 studies that explore maternal, perinatal, and various risk factors linked to neonatal stroke of differing etiologies. Notably, our analysis elucidates eight risk factors associated with NAIS: gestational diabetes mellitus, a history of infertility, placenta previa, postdates, preterm birth, premature rupture of membranes, a prolonged second stage of labor, and chorioamnionitis. Furthermore, we identify six risk factors correlated with NHS: postdates, preterm birth, an abnormal CTG, the method of delivery, male gender, and vaginal delivery. Additionally, our systematic review delineates risk factors associated with CVST.
A comparison in women with newly diagnosed diabetes between those with and without a history of gestational diabetes: a new perspective.; AIMS: Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) entails increased risk of future diabetes. We describe the characteristics of women with previous GDM and compare with no previous GDM from the cohort Diabetes in Kalmar and Kronoberg (DKK) of 1248 adults, 40% women, with new diabetes, and factors affecting age and C-peptide levels at diagnosis of diabetes. METHODS: Age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, BMI, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking, physical activity, and pre-existing myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial insufficiency were registered at ordinary care visits close to diagnosis of diabetes, for the 43 women (9.4% of 456 from DKK with complete data for this analysis) with self-reported previous GDM (yes/no) and 86 controls without it, matched for date of diagnosis of diabetes. Blood samples were centrally analyzed for GADA and C-peptide for classification of diabetes. RESULTS: Women with previous GDM had lower mean age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, 53.4 vs 65.0 years, lower systolic blood pressure (SBP), 131.2 vs 137.5 mmHg, and fewer had pre-existing hypertension than without previous GDM (p < 0.001-0.05). Among antibody negative women with previous GDM, BMI (p = 0.024), hypertension (p = 0.023) and hyperlipidemia (p < 0.001) were associated with higher levels of C-peptide, while physical activity was inversely associated (p = 0.035), and SBP (p = 0.02) and hypertension (p = 0.016) were associated with age-at-diagnosis of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous GDM were a decade younger and had lower prevalence of hypertension at diagnosis of diabetes; C-peptide levels were associated with BMI, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia and showed a tendency to be lower, possibly indicating a phenotype with higher risk of overt cardiovascular disease later in life.
Glucose intolerance in pregnancy and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome in young women.; CONTEXT/OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and even mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy are both associated with increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Because the metabolic syndrome also identifies patients at risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, we hypothesized that gestational dysglycemia may be associated with an unrecognized latent metabolic syndrome. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome. DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: In this prospective cohort study, 487 women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy and cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum. The antepartum testing defined three gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) (n = 91); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n = 259). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The primary outcome was the presence of the metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, as defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and American Heart Association/National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (AHA/NHLBI) criteria, respectively. RESULTS: The postpartum prevalence of IDF metabolic syndrome progressively increased from NGT (10.0%) to GIGT (17.6%) to GDM (20.0%) (overall P = 0.016). The same progression was observed for AHA/NHLBI metabolic syndrome (NGT, 8.9%; GIGT, 15.4%; and GDM, 16.8%; overall P = 0.046). On logistic regression analysis, both GDM (odds ratio, 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.94) and GIGT (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.42) independently predicted postpartum metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Both GDM and mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy predict an increased likelihood of metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, supporting the concept that women with gestational dysglycemia may have an underlying latent metabolic syndrome.
N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort trial.; BACKGROUND: N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is elevated in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This trial aimed to generate data for gestational diabetes mellitus patients, who are at risk to develop these complications. METHODS: We have measured NT-proBNP in 223 otherwise healthy women between gestational week 24 and 32 referred to the outpatient diabetes unit in a cross-sectional study. RESULTS: 88 control subjects, 45 patients with indication for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone and 90 patients who required insulin therapy were included. Groups of women were comparable regarding gestational week. Body mass index before pregnancy and at blood draw was significantly higher in subjects with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus compared to MNT controlled gestational diabetes mellitus. NT-proBNP was significantly lower in patients with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (35 ± 25 pg/ml) compared to controls (53 ± 43 pg/ml, p = 0.012). CONCLUSIONS: NT-proBNP is within the reference range of normal subjects in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Differences in body mass index, changes in glomerular filtration rate and haemodynamics may explain lower NT-proBNP concentrations in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus. A false negative interpretation needs to be considered in these women.
Pregnancy complications in women with heart disease.; OBJECTIVE: To identify pregnancy complications of women with heart disease delivering at a university hospital. METHODS: A retrospective study was carried out of 193 pregnant women with heart disease delivered at a university hospital between January 1997 and December 2006. RESULTS: Rheumatic heart disease (RHD), congenital heart disease (CHD), arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy were observed in 133 (68.9%), 26 (13.5%), 32 (16.6%) and 2 (1%) cases, respectively. Obstetric complication was found in 27 (14%) cases that was composed of preterm delivery (11.4%), gestational diabetes (1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (1%) and postpartum hemorrhage (0.5%). Cardiac complication was observed in 24 (12.4%) cases. Congestive heart failure was the most common cardiac complication which observed in 11 (5.7%) cases. There were four (2.1 %) maternal deaths, three cases in CHD group and one case in RHD group. Preterm infant was observed in 22 (11.4%) cases. Thirteen percent had low birth weight and 8.3% were small for gestational age. There were no perinatal deaths or congenital anomalies. CONCLUSION: Form this study, RHD with pregnancy is still predominant. The most common obstetric complication was preterm delivery. The most common cardiac complication was congestive heart failure.
Self-Reported Eating Speed and Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; There is little evidence linking eating speed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence. We therefore aimed to evaluate the prospective association of eating speed with GDM incidence. Overall, 97,454 pregnant women were recruited between January 2011 and March 2014. Singleton pregnant women who did not have GDM, heart disease, stroke, cancer, type 1 diabetes, and/or type 2 diabetes at the time of study enrollment were eligible. Each woman was asked about her eating speed at that time via a questionnaire. Odds ratios of GDM in relation to eating speed were obtained using logistic regression. Among the 84,811 women eligible for analysis, 1902 cases of GDM were identified in medical records. Compared with women who reported slow eating speed, the age-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of GDM for women who reported medium, relatively fast, or very fast eating speed were 1.03 (0.90, 1.18), 1.07 (0.94, 1.23), and 1.28 (1.05, 1.58), respectively. Adjustment for demographic, lifestyle-related, and dietary factors including dietary fat, dietary fiber, and energy intakes yielded similar results. The association was attenuated and no longer significant after further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index. The mediation analysis showed that being overweight accounted for 64% of the excess risk of GDM associated with eating speed. In conclusion, women who reported very fast eating speed, compared with those reporting slow eating speed, were associated with an increased incidence of GDM, which may be largely mediated by increased body fat.
Epicardial adipose tissue thickness as a potential predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder that can occur during pregnancy and is associated with a long-term risk of both maternal and neonatal comorbidities. This study aimed to investigate the association between echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and the risk for GDM during the early second trimester of pregnancy. METHOD: We recruited all singleton pregnancies between January 2014 and December 2018 at 16 weeks + 0 days to 19 weeks + 6 days. We then used generalized linear models to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for EAT as a potential predictor for GDM. Receiver-operating-characteristic (ROC) analysis was then conducted to investigate the discriminative capacity of any individual maternal factor for the prediction of GDM. RESULTS: In total, our study involved 314 pregnant women with GDM and 1832 pregnant women without GDM. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that EAT thickness (OR = 2.87; 95% CI: 2.49-3.31) was significantly associated with the presence of GDM (P < 0.001). Furthermore, EAT thickness was also significantly associated with a range of adverse outcomes in the GDM group, including large size for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, preterm delivery, and hyperbilirubinemia (P < 0.001). ROC analysis revealed that the area under the curve was 0.790 (95% CI: 0.768-0.812). When the cutoff value for EAT thickness was set to 5.49 mm, the sensitivity was 95.2% and the specificity was 50.5%. CONCLUSIONS: Echocardiographic EAT thickness is positively and significantly associated with both the risk of GDM and adverse outcomes related to GDM. Echocardiographic EAT has the potential to predict GDM prior to actual clinical diagnosis.
Randomised clinical trial using Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Australian Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors (CAC-WOMEN Trial): study protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women around the world. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women (Australian Indigenous women) have a high burden of CVD, occurring on average 10-20 years earlier than non-Indigenous women. Traditional risk prediction tools (eg, Framingham) underpredict CVD risk in women and Indigenous people and do not consider female-specific 'risk-enhancers' such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and premature menopause. A CT coronary artery calcium score ('CT-calcium score') can detect calcified atherosclerotic plaque well before the onset of symptoms, being the single best predictor for future cardiac events. A CT-calcium score may therefore help physicians intensify medical therapy in women with risk-enhancing factors. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This multisite, single-blind randomised (1:1) controlled trial of 700 women will assess the effectiveness of a CT-calcium score-guided approach on cardiovascular risk factor control and healthy lifestyle adherence, compared with standard care. Women without CVD aged 40-65 (35-65 for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women) at low-intermediate risk on standard risk calculators and with at least one risk-enhancing factor (eg, HDP, GDM, premature menopause) will be recruited. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women will be actively recruited, aiming for ~10% of the sample size. The 6-month coprimary outcomes will be low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure. Barriers and enablers will be assessed, and a health economic analysis performed. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Western Sydney Local Health District Research Ethics Committee (HREC 2021/ETH11250) provided ethics approval. Written informed consent will be obtained before randomisation. Consent will be sought for access to individual participant Medicare Benefits Schedule, Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme claims usage through Medicare Australia and linked Admitted Patient Data Collection. Study results will be disseminated via peer-reviewed publications and presentations at national and international conferences. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12621001738819p.
The Impact of Gestational Diabetes in Pregnancy on the Cardiovascular System of Children at One Year of Age.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy. The effect of GDM on the cardiovascular system after birth is still unclear. Between August 2015 and December 2018, 205 pregnant women were included in the prospective controlled observational study. Patients with GDM were assigned to the study group (n = 99), whereas (n = 107) healthy women served as controls. Postnatal follow up of their offspring was performed at 12 months of age. All included children (n = 125) underwent a specific standardized protocol including anthropometric data, such as weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP) recordings and ultrasound measurements of the abdominal aortic intima-media-thickness (IMT). Furthermore, at least 10 min 3-channel electrocardiogram recording was done to evaluate the autonomic nervous system (ANS) by phase rectified signal averaging. There were no significant differences in anthropometric data between the groups, neither in the blood pressure nor in the intima-media-thickness of the aorta abdominals. However, in the study group, significantly lower average acceleration capacity (AAC) (study group -20.10 ± 3.04 ms, control group -18.87 ± 4.00 ms, p = 0.02) was found, indicating ANS activation at one year of age. Further studies are required to determine if these results are persistent and if these findings have long-term effects.
Intergenerational transmission of glucose intolerance and obesity by in utero undernutrition in mice.; OBJECTIVE: Low birth weight (LBW) is associated with increased risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease during adult life. Moreover, this programmed disease risk can progress to subsequent generations. We previously described a mouse model of LBW, produced by maternal caloric undernutrition (UN) during late gestation. LBW offspring (F(1)-UN generation) develop progressive obesity and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) with aging. We aimed to determine whether such metabolic phenotypes can be transmitted to subsequent generations in an experimental model, even in the absence of altered nutrition during the second pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We intercrossed female and male F(1) adult control (C) and UN mice and characterized metabolic phenotypes in F(2) offspring. RESULTS: We demonstrate that 1) reduced birth weight progresses to F(2) offspring through the paternal line (Cfemale -Cmale = 1.64 g; Cfemale -UNmale = 1.57 g, P < 0.05; UNfemale -Cmale = 1.64 g; UNfemale -UNmale = 1.60 g, P < 0.05), 2) obesity progresses through the maternal line (percent body fat: Cfemale -Cmale = 22.4%; Cfemale -UNmale = 22.9%; UNfemale -Cmale = 25.9%, P < 0.05; UNfemale -UNmale = 27.5%, P < 0.05), and 3) IGT progresses through both parental lineages (glucose tolerance test area under curve Cfemale -Cmale = 100; Cfemale -UNmale = 122, P < 0.05; UNfemale -Cmale = 131, P < 0.05; UNfemale -UNmale = 151, P < 0.05). Mechanistically, IGT in both F(1) and F(2) generations is linked to impaired beta-cell function, explained, in part, by dysregulation of Sur1 expression. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal undernutrition during pregnancy (F(0)) programs reduced birth weight, IGT, and obesity in both first- and second-generation offspring. Sex-specific transmission of phenotypes implicates complex mechanisms including alterations in the maternal metabolic environment (transmaternal inheritance of obesity), gene expression mediated by developmental and epigenetic pathways (transpaternal inheritance of LBW), or both (IGT).
Glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: In studies to date, gestational diabetes has consistently been associated with an increased future risk of cardiovascular disease, irrespective of the antepartum screening protocol or diagnostic criteria by which gestational diabetes is diagnosed. We reasoned that the resultant heterogeneity in the severity of dysglycaemia in women with gestational diabetes suggests that the relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent cardiovascular disease probably extends into the non-diagnostic range. Thus, we hypothesised that glucose screening in pregnancy would identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who did not have gestational diabetes. METHODS: We did a population-based cohort study using information from health-care administrative databases from the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care of Ontario (Canada). We identified all women in Ontario who had a 50 g oral glucose challenge test in pregnancy between 24 and 28 weeks gestation with a livebirth delivery between July 1, 2007, and Dec 31, 2015. Women who had a history of diabetes before pregnancy or had been previously hospitalised for cardiovascular disease were excluded. Women with a 1-h post-challenge plasma glucose concentration of 11·1 mmol/L or greater were considered to have gestational diabetes, as were women with a reading between 7·8 and 11·0 mmol/L inclusive for whom diabetes was recorded as a diagnosis on the delivery hospital record. The study population was divided into six groups based on the results of the glucose challenge test (≤4·8 mmol/L; 4·9-5·5 mmol/L; 5·6-6·2 mmol/L; 6·3-6·9 mmol/L; 7·0-7·9 mmol/L; and ≥8·0 mmol/L). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (a composite of hospitalisation for myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy). All women were followed up from the index pregnancy until cardiovascular disease event, death, migration, or Sept 30, 2017, whichever came first. FINDINGS: 259 164 women were identified as eligible for this study: 13 609 who had gestational diabetes, and 245 555 women without gestational diabetes. The women were followed up over a median 3·9 years (IQR 2·8-5·6) for the development of cardiovascular disease. Each 1 mmol/L increment in the glucose challenge test result was associated with a 13% higher risk of cardiovascular disease (after adjustment for age, ethnicity, income, and rurality, adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1·13, 95% CI 1·04-1·22). This relationship persisted after excluding women with gestational diabetes (1·14, 1·01-1·28). In women without gestational diabetes, those with an abnormal glucose challenge test result (≥7·8 mmol/L) and those with a result between 7·2 and 7·7 mmol/L had an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (HR 1·94, 95% CI 1·29-2·92; and 1·65, 0·99-2·76, respectively), compared with those with a result of 7·1 mmol/L or less (overall p=0·003). INTERPRETATION: The relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease extends into the normoglycaemic range. Accordingly, glucose screening in pregnancy could identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who do not have gestational diabetes. FUNDING: None.
Paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with early-onset cardiovascular disease and increased incidence of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in mothers and their offspring. Few studies with a limited number of patients have reported subclinical cardiac changes in association with gestational diabetes mellitus; however, it remains unclear whether the mother and the fetus respond in a similar fashion to gestational diabetes mellitus; thus, by assessing the heart of one, we can estimate or predict changes in the other. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare maternal and fetal cardiovascular functions in the third trimester between women with gestational diabetes mellitus and women with uncomplicated pregnancy and to explore whether gestational diabetes mellitus affects to the same extent the maternal and fetal heart. STUDY DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of maternal and fetal echocardiography for assessment of cardiovascular function in the third trimester in women with singleton pregnancies who received a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and the control group with uncomplicated pregnancies. RESULTS: In this study, we included 161 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 483 women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Compared with women in the control group, women with gestational diabetes mellitus were older (34.5, standard deviation, 5.3 years] vs 32.5, standard deviation, 4.8 years]; P<.001), had higher body mass index (31.3 kg/m(2) [standard deviation, 5.8] vs 28.6 kg/m(2) [standard deviation, 4.4]; P<.001), had lower weight gain during pregnancy (8.3 [interquartile range, 4.8-11 kg] vs 10.8 [interquartile range, 8.2-13.5 kg]; P<.001), and delivered babies with lower birthweight (P<.001). After multivariable analysis, accounting for differences in maternal characteristics and fetal weight, mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had lower left ventricular diastolic and systolic (tissue Doppler systolic [s'] wave) functional indices (P<.01 for both) compared with those of mothers in the control group. The noted cardiac changes did not fulfill the adult criteria for clinical cardiac dysfunction. No differences in hemodynamic indices (cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance) and left ventricular mass were noted between the groups. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had more globular-shaped hearts with increased right and left ventricular sphericity indices (P<.001 for both) and reduced global longitudinal right and left ventricular systolic functional indices (P<.001 for both). The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal and fetal hearts was different, and there was no clear association between the two. CONCLUSION: In the third trimester, in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, there were subclinical cardiac changes in both the mother and the fetus, but there was no significant difference in any of the fetal cardiac parameters between women with and women without unfavorable cardiac profile. This suggests that the stimulus for cardiovascular responses in the mother and fetus may not be the same in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Assessment of Myocardial Function in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Deformation Imaging over the First Year of Age.; OBJECTIVE: To assess serial myocardial performance and pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) over the first year of life. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography was performed at birth, 6 months, and 1 year of age. Pulmonary artery acceleration time and left ventricular (LV) eccentricity index provided surrogate measurements of PVR. Biventricular function was assessed by tissue Doppler imaging and deformation analysis. RESULTS: Fifty infants of mothers with GDM were compared with 50 controls with no difference in gestation (38.9 ± 0.8 weeks vs 39.3 ± 0.9 weeks; P = .05) or birthweight (3.55 ± 0.49 kg vs 3.56 ± 0.41 kg; P = .95). At 1 year of age, the pulmonary artery acceleration time was lower (70 ± 11 vs 79 ± 10; P = .01) in the GDM group. LV global longitudinal strain (24.7 ± 1.9 vs 28.8 ± 1.8 %; P < .01), LV systolic strain rate (1.8 ± 0.2 vs 2.1 ± 0.3 1/s; P < .01), and RV free wall strain (31.1 ± 4.8 vs 34.6 ± 3.9 %; P < .01) were lower in the GDM cohort at 1 year of age (all P values adjusted for gestation, mode of delivery, and maternal body mass index). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings demonstrate higher indices of PVR and lower biventricular function in infants of mothers with GDM compared with controls at each time point assessed in this study over the first year of life.
A review of the health beliefs and lifestyle behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To critically review and synthesize original research designed to examine the health beliefs, including risk perceptions and health behaviors related to diet and physical activity of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. DATA SOURCES: PubMed and CINAHL databases were searched for studies published in the last decade (1998-2008) that examined variables related to the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Keyword searches included health beliefs, health behaviors, perceived risk, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, diet, physical activity, and postpartum. STUDY SELECTION: Eight articles, representing 6 studies, were selected that met the inclusion criteria of original research, dependent variable of health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, and measurement after pregnancy. DATA EXTRACTION: Articles were reviewed and discussed according to the concepts of risk perception and health beliefs, health behaviors related to diet and physical activity, and psychosocial factors related to women's health beliefs and behaviors. DATA SYNTHESIS: Data revealed common health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, including low risk perceptions for future type 2 diabetes mellitus and suboptimal levels of physical activity and fruit and vegetable intake. The majority of studies revealed a distinct knowledge-behavior gap among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas others revealed a lack of knowledge regarding necessary lifestyle modifications. CONCLUSIONS: Findings from this review may assist women's health researchers and clinicians in developing appropriate interventions for increasing risk awareness, promoting self-efficacy for weight loss and physical activity behaviors, and decreasing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Further research is necessary to identify factors that influence the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Future research should focus on populations of greater racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity, as the majority of studies have been conducted with non-Hispanic White, socioeconomically advantaged women.
Increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of progressive carotid artery disorders. The current study evaluated carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes at two time points of mid-term and full-term pregnancy to determine whether gestational diabetes mellitus causes increased IMT. METHODS: This cross-sectional study carried out at Afzalipour Hospital (Kerman, Iran) between 2009 and 2010, recruited 50 women who were at high risk of gestational diabetes during pregnancy and had an oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) as screening for gestational diabetes. B-mode ultrasound scans were performed at baseline and at two time points of mid-term pregnancy (20 to 24 weeks) and full-term pregnancy (36 to 38 weeks) on all the participants. The mean IMT of common carotids and internal carotid arteries from two walls (near and far walls) at four different angles was assessed. RESULTS: An overall comparison between the impaired OGCT test group and the control group revealed significant differences in carotid IMT in the mid-term (0.65 ± 0.07 vs. 0.59 ± 0.06 mm; p value = 0.002) and full-term (0.65 ± 0.05 vs. 0.59 ± 0.04 mm; p value < 0.001) pregnancy; however, the trend of the changes in carotid IMT during mid to full-term pregnancy was insignificant in each group (p value > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Carotid IMT was significantly higher in the women with gestational diabetes than that in the normoglycemic group in different trimesters. This finding denotes that atherosclerosis might start years before the diagnosis of gestational diabetes in vulnerable women.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases compared with normal women. This study aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with GDM. METHODS: 453 women with GDM (cases) and 1,180 healthy women (controls) were included in this study. The post-partum examinations included 2 h 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests, lipid profiles, anthropometric measurements (blood pressure, height, weight) and documentation of medical history, diet, and lifestyle. RESULTS: Compared with controls, the risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome in women with a history of GDM were 4.61, 1.30, 1.57 and 3.52, respectively. Fasting blood glucose, progestational body mass index (pBMI) and antenatal insulin resistance at antenatal visit were predictors for abnormal glucose metabolism. pBMI and antenatal diastolic blood pressure were predictors for hypertension. pBMI and weight gain during pregnancy were predictors for obesity/overweight. pBMI, antenatal systolic blood pressure and antenatal triglyceride were predictors for metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a history of GDM have increased rates of cardiovascular disease risk factors including abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome. pBMI is the common independent predictors of cardiometabolic disease in the post-partum.
Heart Disease, Hypertension, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Preeclampsia/Eclampsia in Mothers With Juvenile Arthritis: A Nested Case-Control Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women with a history of juvenile arthritis are at higher risk for heart disease and hypertension and for developing adverse maternal outcomes: gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal hypertension, and preeclampsia/eclampsia. METHODS: We designed a nested case-control study from a cohort of first-time mothers with prior physician billing codes suggesting juvenile arthritis, and a matched comparison group without juvenile arthritis. For the nested case-control design, we selected 3 controls for each case for the outcomes of heart disease (n = 403), prepregnancy hypertension (n = 66), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 285), maternal hypertension (n = 561), and preeclampsia/eclampsia (n = 236). We used conditional logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age and education. RESULTS: Having juvenile arthritis was associated with heart disease (odds ratio [OR] 2.44 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.15-5.15]) but not with gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or preeclampsia/eclampsia. All 66 cases of prepregnancy hypertension had juvenile arthritis. Having prepregnancy hypertension was strongly associated with preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR 8.05 [95% CI 2.69-24.07]). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of juvenile arthritis had a higher risk of heart disease. This risk signals the potential importance of cardiac prevention strategies in juvenile arthritis. As this was a retrospective study, it was not possible to correct for some relevant potential confounders. Further studies should assess the impact of medications, disease severity, and other factors (e.g., obesity) on cardiac outcomes in juvenile arthritis.
Glucose tolerance status in pregnancy: a window to the future risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.; It has long been recognized that the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of young women at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in the future. In recent years, however, a series of studies have revealed that antepartum glucose tolerance screening, a standard element of current obstetrical care instituted for the purpose of detecting GDM, may provide previously-unrecognized insight into a woman's future risk of metabolic and vascular disease. Indeed, it has emerged that in fact any degree of abnormal glucose tolerance detected on antepartum screening (i.e. not just GDM) predicts an increased future risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes, one that is proportional to the severity of dysglycemia observed in pregnancy. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with a history of GDM exhibit an enhanced cardiovascular risk profile and ultimately an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), risks that may similarly extend to women with milder gestational glucose intolerance as well. Thus, by providing a unique window to a woman's risk potential for future metabolic and vascular disease, glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy, as currently practiced, may offer an opportunity for the early identification of high-risk individuals prior to the onset of clinical disease. Ultimately, the insight so derived may inform strategies for postpartum surveillance, risk factor modification, and disease prevention that may eventually lead to a reduction in the burden of T2DM and CVD in women.
miR-410 enhanced hESC-derived pancreatic endoderm transplant to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition commonly encountered during mid to late pregnancy with pathologic manifestations including hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and fetal mal-development. The deficit and dysfunction of insulin secreting β-cells are signature symptoms for GDM. Pancreatic progenitors derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) were shown to be able to effectively treat diabetes in mice. In this study, we first identified that microRNA-410 (miR-410) directly targets lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), a gene selectively repressed in normal insulin secreting β-cells. hESCs that can be induced to express miR-410 hence keeping LDHA levels in check were then differentiated in vitro into pancreatic endoderm, followed by transplantation into db/+ mouse model of GDM. The transplant greatly improved glucose metabolism and reproductive outcome of the pregnant females suffering from GDM. Our findings describe for the first time the method of combining miRNA with hESCs, providing proof of concept by employing genetically modified stem cell therapy for treating GDM.
Evaluation of a Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Screening Clinic: An Analysis of Interpregnancy and Subsequent Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: At the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC), women with certain pregnancy complications are seen for appointments focusing on lifestyle modification and future pregnancy counselling. This study's objective is to determine whether women who attended the MHC following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) have improved interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes, compared with non-attendees. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted including all pregnancies ≥20 weeks gestation at Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) from April 2010 to Dec 2019. Women with ≥2 deliveries were eligible for inclusion, with 2 pregnancies per woman included. These criteria identified 178 patients who attended the MHC and 133 who did not. Continuous variables with normal distribution were assessed with independent sample t tests. Continuous variables without normal distribution and ordinal variables were assessed with Mann-Whitney U tests. Categorical variables were assessed with Pearson's χ(2) tests. Preterm delivery, HDP and GDM recurrence, HDP and GDM progression, and change in first-trimester blood pressure and pre-pregnancy weight were examined using multivariate regression modelling. Probability values <0.05 determined significance. RESULTS: MHC attendance was associated with improvements in interpregnancy weight reduction (P = 0.002), fewer interpregnancy type II diabetes diagnoses (P < 0.001), and a later gestational age at delivery (P < 0.001). There were no differences in subsequent pregnancy complication recurrence rates of GDM (P = 0.731) or an HDP (P = 0.139) between cohorts. CONCLUSION: In our examination of MHC outcomes, we found improvements in certain interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. These results support the continued development and funding of these clinics.
Assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study protocol, Switzerland.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. GDM carries prenatal and perinatal risks as well as long-term risks for the mother and her child. GDM may be involved in the foetal programming of long-term cardiovascular health. However, evidence is sparse and the effect of GDM on cardiovascular health is unknown. To address these issues, we will conduct MySweetHeart Cohort study. The objectives are to assess the effect of GDM on offspring's cardiovascular health early in life by using surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a cohort study of 100 offspring of women with GDM and 100 offspring of women without GDM. At inclusion, a baseline assessment of the mothers will be conducted through means of self-report questionnaires, a researcher-administrated interview, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a maternal blood sampling. Between the 30th and 34th weeks of gestation, a foetal echography will be performed to assess the foetal cardiac structure and function, the fetomaternal circulation and the hepatic volume. At birth, maternal and neonatal characteristics will be assessed. An echocardiography will be performed to assess cardiac structure and function 2-7 days after birth; carotid intima-media thickness will be also measured to assess vascular structure. MySweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02890693), a randomised controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardiometabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. A long-term follow-up of children is planned. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval has been obtained through the state Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud (study number 2016-00745). We aim to disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974).
Effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring's myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age.; PURPOSE: Scientific evidence on the long-term impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring's myocardial relaxation is scarce. Studies have linked GDM with transient ventricular hypertrophy in newborns resulting in diastolic dysfunction, but long-term assessment is lacking. The main objective of this study was to evaluate myocardial relaxation in 3-year-old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. METHODS: We prospectively assessed myocardial relaxation by echocardiography imaging on 106 children at 3 years of age. Subjects were divided into 3 groups [GDM, insulin resistance (IR) and normoglycemic (CTRL)], based on their mother's 75g-OGTT and HOMA-IR results at second trimester screening. We collected information on children adiposity and body size, maternal characteristics and maternal and cord blood measurement of C-peptide and insulin. RESULTS: The study population comprised 29 children from GDM mothers, 36 children from IR mothers and 41 CTRL children. Compared to the CTRL group, we found that a higher proportion of children in the IR group and the GDM group met the criteria for impaired myocardial relaxation, but this did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio adjusted for heart rate and body surface area of 1.4 [0.2-9.5] and 3.5 [0.6-20.6], respectively). CONCLUSION: We did not detect an increased risk of impaired myocardial relaxation at three years of age in children exposed in-utero to IR and GDM, compared to children from normoglycemic mothers.
OS104. Are preeclampsia and adverse obstetrical outcomes predictors for longterm cardiovascular disease?; INTRODUCTION: Epidemiologic studies suggest that pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery and low birth weight independently increase maternal risk for future development of cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVES: To further investigate whether preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction and preterm delivery, are independent risk factors for longterm cardiovascular disease. METHODS: This was a case-control study where 252 parous women (cases) with coronary artery disease were matched with a parous woman within 5 years of age with no known coronary artery disease (controls). Participants were recruited from the Royal Alexandra Hospital in cardiac catheterization lab recovery room in Edmonton, Canada. Women with significant angiographic coronary artery stenosis were eligible as cases and those without were eligible as controls. Participants were interviewed on their pregnancy histories and traditional cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes etc. Descriptive statistics, chi-square tests and conditional regression analysis were performed. RESULTS: We recruited 244 cases and 246 controls. The average age was 66.3 and 65.8 respectively. Cases were more likely obese, had more pregnancies as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors than controls. Adverse pregnancy outcomes were similar between the two groups except gestational hypertension. However, it was not statistically significant in the conditional logistic regression model. Independent risk factors for future cardiovascular diseases were: dyslipidemia (OR 12.8), hypertension (3.0), and being a current (OR 7.4) or former smoker (1.8). Adverse pregnancy outcomes CONCLUSION: In this study, adverse pregnancy outcomes were not independently associated with cardiovascular disorders. Our study was limited by recall bias, and ascertainment of diagnosis.Our study supports that dyslipidemia, hypertensiion and smoking increase future cardiovascular disease. Further studies are needed to examine a postpartum intervention model to proactively manage cardiovascular risk factors, such as lipids, in these at-risk women.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.; AIMS: The risk of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes is poorly understood. We sought to determine whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of cardiovascular disease more than two decades after pregnancy. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of 1,070,667 women who delivered infants in hospitals within Quebec, Canada, between 1989 and 2013. We followed 67,356 women with gestational diabetes and 1,003,311 without gestational diabetes for a maximum of 25.2 years after the index delivery. The main outcome measures were hospitalization for ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, coronary angioplasty, coronary artery bypass graft, and other cardiovascular disorders. We used Cox regression to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing women with gestational diabetes to no gestational diabetes, adjusted for age, parity, socioeconomic deprivation, time period, and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes had a higher cumulative incidence of hospitalization for cardiovascular disease 25 years after delivery (190.8 per 1000 women) compared with no gestational diabetes (117.8 per 1000 women). Gestational diabetes was associated with a higher risk of ischemic heart disease (HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.12-1.36), myocardial infarction (HR 2.14, 95% CI 1.15-2.47), coronary angioplasty (HR 2.23, 95% CI 1.87-2.65), and coronary artery bypass graft (HR 3.16, 95% CI 2.24-4.47). CONCLUSIONS: In this population of pregnant women, gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of heart disease 25 years after delivery. Women with gestational diabetes may merit closer monitoring for cardiovascular disease prevention after pregnancy.
Interconception Care for Primary Care Providers: Consensus Recommendations on Preconception and Postpartum Management of Reproductive-Age Patients With Medical Comorbidities.; Severe maternal morbidity and mortality continue to increase in the United States, largely owing to chronic and newly diagnosed medical comorbidities. Interconception care, or care and management of medical conditions between pregnancies, can improve chronic disease control before, during, and after pregnancy. It is a crucial and time-sensitive intervention that can decrease maternal morbidity and mortality and improve overall health. Despite these potential benefits, interconception care has not been well implemented by the primary care community. Furthermore, there is a lack of guidelines for optimizing preconception chronic disease, risk stratifying postpartum chronic diseases, and recommending general collaborative management principles for reproductive-age patients in the period between pregnancies. As a result, many primary care providers, especially those without obstetric training, are unclear about their specific role in interconception care and may be unsure of effective methods for collaborating with obstetric care providers. In particular, internal medicine physicians, the largest group of primary care physicians, may lack sufficient clinical exposure to medical conditions in the obstetric population during their residency training and may feel uncomfortable in caring for these patients in their subsequent practice. The objective of this article is to review concepts around interconception care, focusing specifically on preconception care for patients with chronic medical conditions (eg, chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, venous thromboembolism, and obesity) and postpartum care for those with medically complicated pregnancies (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, excessive gestational weight gain, peripartum cardiomyopathy, and peripartum mood disorders). We also provide a pragmatic checklist for preconception and postpartum management.
Combined past preeclampsia and gestational diabetes is associated with a very high frequency of coronary microvascular dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: A history of preeclampsia (pPE) and gestational diabetes (pGDM) are female-specific risk markers for atherosclerosis and future cardiovascular risk. In addition to increasing the risk of established risk factors for atherosclerosis, such as hypertension or diabetes, evidence suggests that pregnancy-related complications can also directly accelerate atherosclerosis by inducing endothelial dysfunction. A combination of both conditions is seen in a subset of patients with pregnancy, though it is not known whether this combination increases the overall risk for cardiovascular events. AIMS: Present study aimed to find the impact of combined pPE/pGDM on the prevalence of coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD). METHODS: A total of 24 patients with combined pPE/pGDM, 19 patients with isolated pPE and 63 patients with pGDM were included to the present study and a further 36 healthy women with no previous pregnancy-related complications served as controls. Coronary flow reserve was measured using echocardiography and CMD was defined as a coronary flow reserve ≤2.5. RESULTS: Patients with combined pPE/pGDM had a high prevalence of CMD (91%), which was significantly higher than controls (5.6%, p < 0.001) and patients with pGDM (55%, p = 0.01). A history of pPE on top of pGDM was associated with an increased risk of CMD (HR:6.28, 95%CI:1.69-23.37, p = 0.006) after multivariate adjustment, but pGDM did not increase the odds for CMD in those with pPE. CONCLUSIONS: Combined pPE/pDM is associated with a very high prevalence of CMD, which may indicate an increased risk for future cardiovascular events.
Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that affects one in seven pregnancies. Emerging evidence demonstrates that children born of pregnancies complicated by GDM may be at increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to GDM in utero. PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Information was extracted on established CVD risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, blood glucose, fasting insulin, body mass index (BMI), and endothelial/microvascular function. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42018094983). Prospective and retrospective studies comparing offspring exposed to GDM compared to controls (non-GDM pregnancies) were considered. We included studies that defined GDM based on the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) definition, or prior definitions. The PRISMA guidelines were followed in conducting this systematic review. Methodological quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were done by two independent reviewers. The data were pooled using a random-effects model. Of 59 eligible studies, 24 were included in the meta-analysis. Offspring exposed to GDM had higher systolic blood pressure (mean difference (MD): 1.75 mmHg, 95% CI 0.57-2.94; eight studies, 7264 participants), BMI z-score (MD 0.11, 95% CI 0.02-0.20; nine studies, 8759 participants), and glucose (standard MD 0.43, 95% CI 0.08-0.77; 11 studies, 6423 participants) than control participants. In conclusion, offspring exposed to GDM have elevated systolic blood pressure, BMI, and glucose. Those exposed to GDM in utero may benefit from early childhood blood pressure measurements.
Impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus and is associated with duration of diabetes and/or an inadequate glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in women with prior gestational diabetes (GD; pre-type 2 diabetes) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed after delivery in relation to insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty-eight healthy women with prior GD were consecutively admitted to the study. HRV was analysed by both time, as well as frequency, domain methods using 24-h Holter monitoring. In addition, 20 women with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy were investigated as control subjects. All women underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) for measurement of insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: Time domain analysis (standard deviation of normal RR intervals; SDNN) showed a reduced HRV in 25 out of the 48 (52%) women with prior GD. Frequency domain analysis revealed that in these 25 subjects both low and high frequency components of power spectral density (reflecting mainly sympathetic respectively parasympathetic activity) were reduced, indicating that sympathetic as well as parasympathetic functional impairment may be assumed. However, a relative predominance of the sympathetic over parasympathetic cardiac function was observed. The impairment of cardiac autonomic function (reduced SDNN) was correlated with HbA1c values and the 2-h blood glucose concentration (oral glucose tolerance test) but not with insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSION: The present results demonstrate that in 52% of the women examined who had prior GD, an impairment of cardiac sympathetic as well as parasympathetic function was present, which related to glycaemic control, but not to insulin sensitivity. This infers that functional autonomic changes could be an early prognostic indicator in pre-type 2 diabetes.
Obesity, not a high fat, high sucrose diet alone, induced glucose intolerance and cardiac dysfunction during pregnancy and postpartum.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Obesity is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Nearly 60% of women of reproductive age are considered overweight or obese, cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality continue to be pervasive. The objective of this study was to determine the effects of an obesogenic diet on the cardiometabolic health of dams during pregnancy and postpartum. Female mice were fed either a high-fat, high-sucrose diet (HFHS) or a refined control diet (CON) for 8 weeks before initiation of pregnancy and throughout the study period. Mice in the HFHS showed two distinct phenotypes, obesity-prone (HFHS/OP) and obesity resistance (HFHS/OR). Pre-pregnancy obesity (HFHS/OP) induced glucose intolerance before pregnancy and during postpartum. Systolic function indicated by the percent fractional shortening (%FS) was significantly decreased in the HFHS/OP at late pregnancy (vs. HFHS/OR) and weaning (vs. CON), but no differences were found at 6 weeks of postpartum among groups. No induction of pathological cardiac hypertrophy markers was found during postpartum. Plasma adiponectin was decreased while total cholesterol was increased in the HFHS/OP. Our results suggested that obesity, not the diet alone, negatively affected cardiac adaptation during pregnancy and postpartum.
Hypertension, diabetes and overweight: looming legacies of the Biafran famine.; BACKGROUND: Sub-Saharan Africa is facing rapidly increasing prevalences of cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes and hypertension. Previous and ongoing undernutrition among pregnant women may contribute to this development as suggested by epidemiological studies from high income countries linking undernutrition in fetal life with increased burden of non-communicable diseases in later life. We undertook to study the risks for hypertension, glucose intolerance and overweight forty years after fetal exposure to famine afflicted Biafra during the Nigerian civil war (1967-1970). METHODS AND FINDINGS: Cohort study performed in June 27-July 31, 2009 in Enugu, Nigeria. Adults (n = 1,339) born before (1965-67), during (1968-January 1970), or after (1971-73) the years of famine were included. Blood pressure (BP), random plasma glucose (p-glucose) and anthropometrics, as well as prevalence of hypertension (BP>140/90 mmHg), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; p-glucose 7.8-11.0 mmol/l), diabetes (DM; p-glucose ≥11.1 mmol/l), or overweight (BMI>25 kg/m(2)) were compared between the three groups. Fetal-infant exposure to famine was associated with elevated systolic (+7 mmHg; p<0.001) and diastolic (+5 mmHg; p<0.001) BP, increased p-glucose (+0.3 mmol/L; p<0.05) and waist circumference (+3 cm, p<0.001), increased risk of systolic hypertension (adjusted OR 2.87; 95% CI 1.90-4.34), IGT (OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.02-2.69) and overweight (OR 1.41; 95% CI 1.03-1.93) as compared to people born after the famine. Limitations of this study include the lack of birth weight data and the inability to separate effects of fetal and infant famine. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal and infant undernutrition is associated with significantly increased risk of hypertension and impaired glucose tolerance in 40-year-old Nigerians. Prevention of undernutrition during pregnancy and in infancy should therefore be given high priority in health, education, and economic agendas.
Risk prediction of maternal cardiovascular disease one year after hypertensive pregnancy complications or gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus show a firm epidemiological association to maternal cardiovascular disease risk. Cardiovascular disease risk assessment is recommended in women after these pregnancy complications, but not offered in most countries. We therefore wanted to evaluate the applicability of currently recommended cardiovascular disease risk scores for women one-year postpartum of such pregnancy complications. DESIGN AND METHODS: We tested applicability of three scoring systems, the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) score, the Joint British Societies for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease (JBS3) score and Framingham 30 year Risk Score-Cardiovascular Disease (FRS-CVD) in 235 women one-year postpartum (controls: 94, gestational hypertension: 35, preeclampsia: 81, gestational diabetes mellitus: 25). Statistical analysis was performed with Mann-Whitney U test for continuous and Fisher's mid-corrected p and Pearson's r for dichotomous variables. A value of p < 0.050 was considered significant. RESULTS: Most women (87.7%) were below 40 years of age, rendering 10-year risk estimations recommended by American and European societies inapplicable. FRS-CVD could be assessed in all women. Significantly fewer could be assessed by the ASCVD (81.5%) and JBS3 (91.6%). All scoring systems showed small, but significant increases in risk scores for one or more of the pregnancy complication groups, but none at the risk magnitude for cardiovascular disease shown in epidemiological studies. CONCLUSION: We demonstrate that ASCVD, JBS3 and FRS-CVD are inadequate in assessing cardiovascular disease risk one-year postpartum. We suggest that pregnancy complications need to be considered separately when evaluating maternal cardiovascular disease risk and need for postpartum follow-up.
Differences in biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to compare biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal pre-gestational and gestational diabetes and to correlate these findings with fetal echocardiography parameters of cardiac function. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fetal echocardiographic assessment was performed longitudinally on 78 fetuses in the normal cohort and 32 in the diabetic cohort by measuring tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion, mitral annular plane systolic excursion, myocardial performance index, interventricular septum (IVS) thickness and left fractional shortening between July 2015 and December 2017. Cord blood samples were obtained at birth and levels of troponin I (TnI), B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amnio terminal segment of its prohormone measured. RESULTS: Women with diabetes had significantly higher median body mass index and mean z-scores for BNP. Significant associations were observed between maternal diabetes and obesity and cord-blood BNP z-scores. The effect of diabetes on TnI levels were similar, with mean values higher in women with gestational diabetes compared to normal pregnancies; however, this difference did not reach statistical significance. These biomarker findings correlated with an increased IVS thickness in the diabetic group. No difference was demonstrated in the other cardiac function parameters measured. CONCLUSION: Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic and obese mothers and correlated with increased IVS thickness.
The Dutch Famine of 1944-1945: a pathophysiological model of long-term consequences of wasting disease.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The tragic circumstances of the Dutch Hunger Winter of 1944-1945 created a unique opportunity to study the relation between exposure to prenatal famine and health in adult life. This review addresses the literature on the effects of maternal malnutrition during the different periods of gestation and childhood on health in adult life. RECENT FINDINGS: Exposure to famine during gestation resulted in increases in impaired glucose tolerance, obesity, coronary heart disease, atherogenic lipid profile, hypertension, microalbuminuria, schizophrenia, antisocial personality and affective disorders. Exposure to famine during childhood resulted in changes in reproductive function, earlier menopause, changes in insulin-like growth factor-I and increases in breast cancer. SUMMARY: Exposure to famine during gestation and childhood has life-long effects on health, and these effects vary depending on the timing of exposure as well as evolution of the recovery period.
Cardiac Doppler in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link to markers of intra-uterine hypoxia and adverse outcome.; The aim of the study was to investigate foetal cardiac function using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link with intrauterine markers for hypoxia and to an adverse outcome. In a prospective, cross sectional study, 44 consecutive women with severe or poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies in their third trimester on insulin therapy were recruited and matched with 44 women with normal pregnancies which served as the control group. Using Doppler echocardiography the foetal Mod-MPI was calculated. The foetal Mod-MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to the controls indicating significant myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI served as an excellent marker of adverse outcomes. Foetal myocardial function was significantly impaired in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and there was a significant link of Mod-MPI to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome. Mod-MPI has the potential to improve foetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Abnormal foetal cardiac function, as reflected in the modified myocardial performance index, has been reported to be significantly increased in foetuses of poorly controlled diabetics managed on insulin.What do the results of this study add? There is a significant link between abnormal foetal cardiac function to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome; and that development of myocardial dysfunction could be one of the main mechanisms, inducing foetal compromise in poorly controlled gestational diabetes.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? This study explores an interesting concept of foetal pathophysiology in gestational diabetes, namely the concept of "pseudo-hypoxia" in a foetus of a gestational diabetic mother, and this intrauterine "hypoxic stress" in turn leading to myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI, a clinical marker for cardiac dysfunction, can therefore be used in the clinical setting to track a deteriorating metabolic state.
Comparison of fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology between the infants of mothers with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus and normal controls.; OBJECTIVE: To compare fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the controls. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Pregnant women at average risk of GDM underwent 100-g, 3-h-OGTT at 24-28 weeks of gestation for diagnosis of GDM. Both GDM group and the control group underwent fetal echocardiography at 32-36 weeks to assess cardiac dimensions. The neonates underwent echocardiography within 48 h after birth to assess cardiac morphology. RESULTS: A total of 154 pregnant women were recruited, including 60 in the GDM group and 94 in the control group. All of the study group were well controlled for GDM. Most baseline characteristics of both groups were comparable. All obstetric outcomes were not significantly different between the two groups. Morphological cardiac dimensions in the fetuses and newborns of both groups were also not significant different. Subgroup analysis in the study group showed no significantly different in cardiac morphology between the group with diet control and that of insulin control. CONCLUSION: Fetal and neonatal cardiac morphologic changes among mothers with well-controlled GDM are not significantly different from those in the controls. It is possible that good control of maternal blood glucose can prevent fetal and neonatal cardiac abnormalities.
Type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus differentially impact placental pathologic characteristics of uteroplacental malperfusion.; INTRODUCTION: During a pregnancy complicated by diabetes, the placenta undergoes a number of functional and structural pathologic changes. However, differences across studies may reflect pathophysiologic differences of diabetes types under investigation. METHODS: We examined placental pathology from women ages 18-40 years with self-identified race/ethnicity; singleton, live births; and type 1 (T1DM; n = 36), type 2 (T2DM; n = 37), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; n = 126). Clinical data were abstracted from medical records. Placental diagnoses were independently re-reviewed by a perinatal pathologist. Multivariable analyses adjusting for race, gestational weight gain, gestational age, and systolic blood pressure were conducted. RESULTS: Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM had higher gestational weight gain (mean ± SD, T1DM vs. T2DM: 28.5 ± 12.4 vs. 20.5 ± 13.4 kg, p = 0.03; or GDM: 21.3 ± 12.7 kg, p = 0.009) and insulin use (T2DM: 100.0% vs. 85.3%, p = 0.02; or GDM: 4.0%, p < 0.001). Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM also had a similarly lower prevalence of placental infarcts in univariate analyses; however, these findings did not remain significant after multivariable adjustment. Also, placentas from women with T2DM compared to GDM had higher rates of decidual vasculopathy when excluding women with preeclampsia (10.3 vs. 1.6%, p = 0.049) and diffuse chorangiosis (62.2 vs. 32.5%, p < 0.001) but a lower rate of villous immaturity (10.8 vs. 90.5%, p = 0.007) after full adjustment. DISCUSSION: Placental vasculopathic abnormalities differ by maternal diabetes type, potentially reflecting underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Further research on placental pathology and metabolic derangements is warranted.
Gestational programming of offspring obesity: a potential contributor to Alzheimer's disease.; Obesity and its related diseases are the leading cause of death in western society, with associated risks of hypertension, coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and breast, prostate and colon cancer. Recent epidemiologic data indicate an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease in association with adult obesity. There is now convincing evidence that, in both human and animal models, the in utero environment may impact on fetal developmental processes, altering offspring homeostatic regulatory mechanisms. "Gestational programming" may result in altered cell number, organ structure, hormonal set points or gene expression, with effects being permanent or expressed only at select offspring ages (e.g., newborn, adult). Our laboratory and others have demonstrated that low birth weight rats, induced by maternal food restriction or uterine artery ligation, paradoxically develop adult obesity with glucose intolerance and hypertension. Recent studies indicate alterations in peripheral (hepatic) and central (hippocampus) IGF-1 gene expression and epigenetic regulation among these offspring. These findings suggest that potential risk factors for the development of Alzheimer's disease may be present as early as newborn life.
Fetal Cardiac Functional Abnormalities Assessed by Echocardiography in Mothers Suffering Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; Abnormal cardiovascular changes especially hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is potentially expected in the fetuses of the diabetic pregnancy women. However, there is still little consensus on quantitative cardiac abnormalities in infants with diabetic mothers. The present study comprehensively analyzed the studies on functional changes in heart in infants of diabetic mothers with a greater focus on occurrence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. All comparative studies evaluating and comparing quantitatively the changes in cardiac parameters using echocardiography in fetuses with and without diabetic mothers were eligible for assessment. The included studies were identified through electronically reviewing the manuscripts databases of MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of knowledge, and Google Scholar from inception to May 2020. The meta-analysis included 11 comparative with overall 849 fetuses for gestational diabetic mothers and 1247 for healthy mothers. Assessing cardiac diameters by fetal echocardiography showed significantly lower mitral E/A ratio, lower tricuspid E/A ratio, higher interventricular septal thickness, higher myocardial performance index, higher isovolumic relaxation time, and higher isovolumic contraction time in fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus group as compared to healthy group adjusting for gestational diabetes mellitus. The presence of gestational diabetes mellitus can potentially affect the fetal cardiac parameters especially as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy leading both cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: Results of over a decade follow-up of the Iranian population.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: We aimed at evaluating whether the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mothers is associated with increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in both mothers and fathers. METHODS: In this population-based study, 4308 Iranian women, aged 18-64 years, with at least 1 live-birth delivery, and free of CVD at baseline, were followed. Corresponding spouses were identified in 2547 cases. The association between history of GDM and incident CVD was assessed using multivariate Cox's proportional hazard in 3 models: model 1, unadjusted; model 2, adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking (for men), maternal parity, miscarriage, physical activity, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and model 3, further adjusted for diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 14.1 years, 314 mothers and 424 fathers experienced CVD. Women with history of GDM had an adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 95% CI of 1.85 (1.38-2.48) and 1.29 (0.96-1.75) for CVD in models 1 and 2, respectively. Furthermore, an independent association with CVD was observed in fathers with an adjusted HR of 1.35 (1.02-1.79) in the confounder adjusted model and even after further controlling for diabetes [1.36 (1.03-1.80)]. Moreover, all traditional risk factors, excluding BMI, showed an independent risk for CVD in both genders. CONCLUSIONS: Women with prior GDM showed an increased risk of CVD that was not independent of important CVD risk factors. However, among men, spousal history of GDM was an independent risk factor for incident CVD, even after considering important traditional risk factors, including diabetes.
A Review of Maternal Nutrition during Pregnancy and Impact on the Offspring through Development: Evidence from Animal Models of Over- and Undernutrition.; Similarities in offspring phenotype due to maternal under- or over-nutrition during gestation have been observed in studies conducted at University of Wyoming. In these studies, ewes were either nutrient-restricted (NR) from early to mid-gestation, or fed an obesogenic diet (MO) from preconception through term. Offspring necropsies occurred at mid-gestation, late-gestation, and after parturition. At mid gestation, body weights of NR fetuses were ~30% lighter than controls, whereas MO fetuses were ~30% heavier than those of controls. At birth, lambs born to NR, MO, and control ewes exhibited similar weights. This was a consequence of accelerated fetal growth rates in NR ewes, and reduced fetal growth rates in MO ewes in late gestation, when compared to their respective controls. These fetal growth patterns resulted in remarkably similar effects of increased susceptibility to obesity, cardiovascular disease, and glucose intolerance in offspring programmed mostly during fetal stages of development. These data provide evidence that maternal under- and over-nutrition similarly induce the development of the same cadre of physical and metabolic problems in postnatal life.
Long-term consequences for offspring of diabetes during pregnancy.; There is evidence that the diabetic intra-uterine environment has consequences for later life. Maternal diabetes mainly results in asymmetric macrosomia. This macrosomia is associated with an increased insulin secretion and overstimulation of the insulin producing B-cells during fetal life. In later life, a reduced insulin secretion is found. Intra-uterine growth restriction is present in severe maternal diabetes associated with vasculopathy. Intra-uterine growth restriction is associated with low insulin secretion and reduced development of the insulin receptors. In later life, these alterations can induce insulin resistance. The long-term consequences of an abnormal intra-uterine environment are of primary importance world-wide. Concentrated efforts are needed to explore how these long-term effects can be prevented.
Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Quality metric on the rate of postpartum diabetes screening after pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.; As many as 1 in 3 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have impaired glucose metabolism when screened postpartum. These patients have a 40% to 70% lifetime risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus, but progression can be delayed or prevented by lifestyle interventions or medication. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Diabetes Association recommend a glucose tolerance test at 4 to 12 weeks postpartum for all patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite these recommendations, postpartum screening rates are typically <50%, representing a major healthcare "quality gap." The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine proposes a uniform metric that identifies the percentage of persons with gestational diabetes mellitus who completed a 75-g, 2-hour glucose tolerance test within 12 weeks after delivery. The metric is designed to be measured using diagnosis and procedure codes in payor claims data. Barriers to screening are discussed. Possible uses of the metric for quality improvement projects are outlined. Increasing the rate of postpartum diabetes screening should facilitate timely referral to implement lifestyle modifications, medication, and long-term follow-up. Use of the metric in financial incentive programs is discouraged at this time.
The protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers are considered to be at the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure. Our previous study showed that zinc, selenium, and chromium dramatically alleviated glucose intolerance in GDM rats and their offspring (P < 0.05). However, the effects of these elements on the damage of the cardiac myocytes of GDM offspring and the underlying mechanisms have not been demonstrated. Here, we investigated the beneficial effects of zinc (10 mg per kg bw), selenium (20 μg per kg bw), and chromium (20 μg per kg bw) supplementation on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of GDM rats induced by a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet. The results showed that maternal GDM induced glucose intolerance, oxidative stress, cardiac inflammation and myocardial fibrosis in offspring rats during different ages (3 days, 3 weeks, and adulthood), which were ameliorated by zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). The activity of cardiac damage markers such as creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased by 40-60% in element-supplemented offspring compared to that in non-supplemented offspring of GDM dams (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal GDM-induced expression of fibrosis-related proteins and the transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1)/small mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 (Smad3) signaling pathway in the heart tissue of offspring was down-regulated by zinc, selenium, and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). In conclusion, zinc, selenium, and chromium may play a protective role in maternal GDM-induced myocardial fibrosis in offspring from birth to adulthood by inactivating the TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway.
Unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. AIMS: To assess the relationships between components of the metabolic syndrome and cytokine and adhesion molecule levels in women with GDM during pregnancy and after delivery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective case-control study on a sample of 126 pregnant women (63 with and 63 without gestational diabetes mellitus). In an intra-subject analysis, 41 women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 21 controls were re-assessed in the postpartum period. Clinical data and levels of cytokines and adhesion molecules were recorded during weeks 24-29 of pregnancy and 12 months after delivery. RESULTS: In the postpartum period, there were significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha in both cases and controls, and of adiponectin in controls. Cases showed higher leptin levels, with no significant differences during and after pregnancy. No significant differences were seen in adhesion molecules and interleukin-6 between cases and controls during pregnancy and in the postpartum period, but levels of both were higher in cases. During pregnancy and after delivery, adiponectin decreased in cases and increased in controls. Significant positive correlations were seen between adiponectin and fasting blood glucose levels and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and also between leptin and tumor necrosis factor alpha levels. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that increased inflammation and transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy would represent a latent form of metabolic syndrome, with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and future cardiovascular disease.
The impact of short-term hyperglycemia and obesity on biventricular and biatrial myocardial function assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To compare biventricular and biatrial myocardial strain indices assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at the third trimester of pregnancy and in post-partum. METHODS AND RESULTS: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 age-, ethnicity- and gestational week-matched controls without any comorbidity were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests and transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE analysis of all cardiac chambers at 36-38 weeks' gestation. TTE and 2D-STE were repeated at 6-10 weeks after delivery. At 36-38 weeks' gestation, GDM women, compared to controls, had significantly higher body mass index (BMI), blood pressure values and inflammatory markers. TTE showed increased left ventricular (LV) mass and impaired LV diastolic function in GDM women, whereas there was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction. 2D-STE revealed that biventricular global longitudinal strain (GLS) and biatrial reservoir strain indices were significantly lower in GDM women than controls. Third trimester BMI was inversely correlated with LV-GLS (r = -0.86) and was independently associated with reduced LV-GLS (less negative than -20%) in GDM women in post-partum (OR 1.81, 95%CI 1.14-2.89). A BMI value ≥ 30 kg/m(2) had 100% sensitivity and 99.5% specificity for identifying GDM women with impaired LV-GLS in post-partum (AUC = 0.97). CONCLUSION: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have significantly lower biventricular and biatrial myocardial deformation indices. These abnormalities may be persistent in post-partum in GDM women with obesity.
Fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by gestational impaired glucose tolerance.; OBJECTIVE: To determine fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by mild gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT). METHODS: Ultrasound examinations were performed in 37 pregnant women with mild GIGT (36 did not require insulin) and in 44 controls at 18-24, 26-30 and 34-37 weeks of gestation. The thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum were measured by M-mode echocardiography. Using conventional Doppler echocardiography, the mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) were determined. RESULTS: The fetuses of women with GIGT had a greater abdominal circumference (P = 0.02), a larger amniotic fluid index (P = 0.03), and a tendency to be heavier (P = 0.058) at the third scan. There were no significant differences in myocardial thickness, mitral and tricuspid E and A velocities, and E/A ratios between study and control groups. The left and right ventricular MPIs, while similar between the two groups in the first and second scans, had decreased significantly by late gestation in the GIGT fetuses (P for trend = 0.018 and 0.014, respectively) and were significantly lower than those of the control group (P = 0.002 and 0.0008, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of women with mild GIGT lack the ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction that is common in fetuses of diabetic mothers, and they have a decreased MPI late in gestation. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Changes in the shape and function of the fetal heart of pre- and gestational diabetes mothers.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycemia during pregnancy can affect fetal heart in many ways, including causing cardiac malformation, leading to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cardiac dysfunction. Echocardiographic evaluation can assist identify alterations in heart structure, morphology and function, enabling prompt monitoring and management. However, according to earlier research, the cardiac alterations are modest in hyperglycemic mothers' fetuses, and might not be detectable using conventional methods and it is also unclear whether these changes are related to the metabolism of mothers. Fetal Heart Quantification (Fetal HQ) can assess ventricular geometry and function more sensitively and thoroughly, and identify sub-clinical cardiac dysfunction. The purpose of this study was to evaluate fetal heart by Fetal HQ in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers who either had pre-gestational or gestational diabetes and to correlate them with maternal metabolic indices. METHODS: The fetuses of 25 gestational age-matched control mothers, 48 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 11 women with diabetes mellitus (DM) were included in the prospective case-control research. Using fetal echocardiography and speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), the heart of the fetus was evaluated. Differences in the groups' anthropometric, metabolic, and cardiac parameters were examined. It was assessed whether maternal features, prenatal glucose, lipids, and maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) correlated with fetal cardiac parameters. RESULTS: The LV EDV and ESV were significantly higher in the GDM group as compared to the DM group (p < 0.05). The GSI% was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control (p < 0.05). The LV SV and CO of the GDM group were both significantly higher compared with the DM group (p < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in RV FS for segments 1-7 in GDM fetuses compared to the control (p < 0.05) and for segments 5-10 compared to DM (p < 0.05). Fetal cardiac morphology and function indices correlate with maternal pregestational weight, BMI, early pregnancy fast glucose, lipids, and glycemic control levels. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes have altered heart morphology and function that is linked to maternal metabolic parameters, which presents a special indication for performing geometry and function cardiac assessment. Fetal HQ can be employed to evaluate the fetal cardiac shape and function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
Progression of glucose intolerance and cardiometabolic risk factors over a decade in Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with increased metabolic risk, though data on long-term follow-up of cardiometabolic traits are limited. We postulated that Chinese women with PCOS would have higher risk of incident diabetes and cardiometabolic abnormalities than those without PCOS during long-term follow-up. METHODS AND FINDINGS: One hundred ninety-nine Chinese women with PCOS diagnosed by the Rotterdam criteria and with a mean age of 41.2 years (SD = 6.4) completed a follow-up evaluation after an average of 10.6 ± 1.3 years. Two hundred twenty-five women without PCOS (mean age: 54.1 ± 6.7 years) who underwent baseline and follow-up evaluation over the same period were used for comparison. Progression of glycaemic status of women both with and without PCOS was assessed by using 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) screening with the adoption of 2009 American Diabetes Association diagnostic criteria. The frequency of impaired glucose regulation, hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia of women with PCOS at follow-up has increased from 31.7% (95% CI 25.2%-38.1%) to 47.2% (95% CI 40.3%-54.2%), 16.1% (95% CI 11.0%-21.2%) to 34.7% (95% CI 28.1%-41.3%), and 52.3% (95% CI 45.3%-59.2%) to 64.3% (95% CI 57.7%-71.0%), respectively. The cumulative incidence of diabetes mellitus (DM) in follow-up women with PCOS is 26.1% (95% CI 20.0%-32.2%), almost double that in the cohort of women without PCOS (p < 0.001). Age-standardised incidence of diabetes among women with PCOS was 22.12 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 10.86-33.37) compared with the local female population incidence rate of 8.76 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 8.72-8.80) and 10.09 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 4.92-15.26, p < 0.001) for women without PCOS in our study. Incidence rate for women with PCOS aged 30-39 years was 20.56 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 12.57-31.87), which is approximately 10-fold higher than that of the age-matched general female population in Hong Kong (1.88 per 1,000 person-years, [95% CI 1.85-1.92]). The incidence rate of type 2 DM (T2DM) of both normal-weight and overweight women with PCOS was around double that of corresponding control groups (normal weight: 8.96 [95% CI 3.92-17.72] versus 4.86 per 1,000 person-years [95% CI 2.13-9.62], p > 0.05; overweight/obese: 28.64 [95% CI 19.55-40.60] versus 14.1 per 1,000 person-years [95% CI 8.20-22.76], p < 0.05). Logistic regression analysis identified that baseline waist-to-hip ratio (odds ratio [OR] = 1.71 [95% CI 1.08-2.69], p < 0.05) and elevated triglyceride (OR = 6.63 [95% CI 1.23-35.69], p < 0.05) are associated with the progression to T2DM in PCOS. Limitations of this study include moderate sample size with limited number of incident diabetes during follow-up period and potential selection bias. CONCLUSIONS: High risk of diabetes and increased cardiovascular disease risk factors among Chinese women with PCOS are highlighted in this long-term follow-up study. Diabetes onset was, on average, 10 years earlier among women with PCOS than in women without PCOS.
Is FGF-23 an early indicator of atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) is a phosphorus-regulating hormone and plays a role in the pathogenesis of myocardial hypertrophy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of FGF-23 levels with echocardiographic parameters and insulin resistance (IR) in patients with gestational diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Fifty-four pregnant patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (age, 31.12 ± 5.72 years) and 33 healthy pregnant women (age, 29.51 ± 4.92 years) were involved in the study. Fasting insulin, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), lipid profile, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), FGF23, echocardiographic parameters, and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were evaluated in the two groups. RESULTS: The two groups were not significantly different in age, sex, body mass index, lipid profile, or blood pressure. Insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), FGF-23 levels, CIMT, left ventricular (LV) mass, LV mass index and myocardial performance index (MPI) were significantly higher in the GDM group. HOMA-IR was positively correlated with FGF-23, and insulin was positively correlated with FGF-23. Additionally, FGF-23 was positively correlated with CIMT, LV mass index, and MPI. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that monitoring serum FGF-23 may be useful as a non-invasive indicator of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with GDM.
Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide in women with and without recent gestational diabetes: The impact of current glucose intolerance.; CONTEXT: Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide, as measured by the N-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP), is inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2DM) but positively related to future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recognizing that gestational diabetes (GDM) identifies women at future risk for both T2DM and CVD, we sought to determine whether gestational glucose tolerance relates to NT-proBNP in the years after delivery. DESIGN/PATIENTS/MEASUREMENTS: Three hundred and forty women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, yielding 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59); abnormal GCT with a normal OGTT (n = 98); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 75). At 3-year postpartum, they underwent cardiometabolic characterization (including measurement of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), adiponectin and NT-proBNP) and repeated the OGTT, revealing 69 women with glucose intolerance (prediabetes/diabetes). RESULTS: At 3-year postpartum, serum NT-proBNP did not differ between the 4 original gestational glucose tolerance groups (P = .44), but instead progressively decreased across current glucose tolerance strata, from normal to prediabetes to diabetes (P = .006). Indeed, on logistic regression analysis, NT-proBNP emerged as a negative predictor of prediabetes/diabetes (OR = 0.903, 95% CI 0.825-0.988, P = .026). On multiple linear regression analyses of NT-proBNP, the significant association with current glucose intolerance was ultimately attenuated in a fully adjusted model, revealing two independent determinants of NT-proBNP: eGFR (t = -2.71, P = .007) and adiponectin (t = 2.44, P = .015). CONCLUSION: Serum NT-proBNP relates to current glucose intolerance, rather than preceding gestational dysglycaemia. Thus, the diabetic (rather than vascular) risk implications of NT-proBNP predominate in young women.
History of gestational diabetes, insulin resistance and coronary risk.; The purpose of this study was to examine characteristics associated with the insulin metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, abnormal glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, and elevated blood pressure, among women who have experienced gestational diabetes. 39 nondiabetic, young (20-42 years), postpartum (3-18 months) white women were recruited from obstetrical clinics. Twenty-one women had a history of gestational diabetes; 18 had uncomplicated pregnancies. Multivariate analyses revealed a significant difference between groups in insulin resistance (M, measured by euglycemic clamp) and insulin levels (from an oral glucose tolerance test), with insulin resistance showing a statistically stronger difference than insulin levels. Groups also differed significantly when compared on a set of variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome: glucose tolerance, triglycerides, blood pressure, and body-mass index. Using insulin resistance as a covariate eliminated these group differences, suggesting that insulin resistance is the key factor underlying insulin metabolic syndrome. The higher risk of later developing type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women who have a history of gestational diabetes is explicable by their poorer profile on variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome, and appears to be attributable to insulin resistance. Thus, insulin resistance appears to distinguish young women at risk for cardiovascular disease.
Rising plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and hypoadiponectinemia characterize the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Accordingly, the postpartum years after gestational dysglycemia can provide insight into early events in the natural history of these disorders. We thus sought to prospectively evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance and emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, chemerin, retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4), C-reactive protein (CRP), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)] at both 1- and 3-years postpartum in a cohort reflecting the full spectrum of gestational dysglycemia (from normal to GIGT to GDM). METHODS: Three-hundred-and-thirty-nine women completed a glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, which identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); GIGT (n = 59); abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 99); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 76). At 1- and 3-years postpartum, the women underwent repeat OGTT with measurement of biomarkers (adiponectin/chemerin/RBP-4/CRP/PAI-1). RESULTS: Serum adiponectin was lower in women with GDM and GIGT at both 1-year and 3-years (both P ≤ 0.002), whereas chemerin, RBP-4, CRP and PAI-1 showed no differences across the 4 groups. Importantly, the change in PAI-1 between 1- and 3-years progressively increased from the normal GCT group to the abnormal GCT group to GIGT to GDM (P = 0.03). Indeed, both GDM (t = 2.98, P = 0.003) and GIGT (t = 2.14, P = 0.03) independently predicted an increase in PAI-1 from 1- to 3-years postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Hypoadiponectinemia and rising PAI-1 over time are early features of the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational dysglycemia.
Prevention of gestational diabetes: design of a cluster-randomized controlled trial and one-year follow-up.; BACKGROUND: Annual prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is 12.5% among Finnish pregnant women. The prevalence is expected to rise with the increasing overweight among women before pregnancy. Physical activity and diet are both known to have favourable effects on insulin resistance and possibly on the risk of GDM. We aimed to investigate, whether GDM can be prevented by counseling on diet, physical activity and gestational weight gain during pregnancy. METHODS/DESIGN: A cluster-randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in the southern part of Finland. Pairwise randomization was performed in order to take into account socioeconomic differences. Recruited women were at 8-12 weeks' gestation and fulfilled at least one of the following criteria: body mass index>or=25 kg/m2, history of earlier gestational glucose intolerance or macrosomic newborn (>4500 g), age>or=40 years, first or second degree relative with history of type 1 or 2 diabetes. Main exclusion criterion was pathological oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 8-12 weeks' gestation. The trial included one counseling session on physical activity at 8-12 weeks' gestation and one for diet at 16-18 weeks' gestation, and three to four booster sessions during other routine visits. In the control clinics women received usual care. Information on height, weight gain and other gestational factors was obtained from maternity cards. Physical activity, dietary intake and quality of life were followed by questionnaires during pregnancy and at 1-year postpartum. Blood samples for lipid status, hormones, insulin and OGTT were taken at 8-12 and 26-28 weeks' gestation and 1 year postpartum. Workability and return to work were elicited by a questionnaire at 1- year postpartum. Linkage to the national birth register of years 2007-2009 will provide information on perinatal complications and GDM incidence among the non-participants of the study. Cost-effectiveness evaluation will be based on quality-adjusted life years. This study has received ethical approval from the Ethical board of Pirkanmaa Hospital District. DISCUSSION: The study will provide information on the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of gestational physical activity and dietary counseling on prevention of GDM in a risk group of women. Also information on the prevalence of GDM and postpartum metabolic syndrome will be gained. Results on maintaining the possible health behaviour changes are important in order to prevent chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered ISRCTN 33885819.
Skipping breakfast before and during early pregnancy and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; BACKGROUND: There is little evidence linking breakfast skipping to the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate the prospective association of breakfast consumption with the incidence of GDM. METHODS: A total of 103,099 pregnancies were registered during study enrollment (January 2011 to March 2014), involving 97,454 pregnant women from 15 areas across Japan. Singleton pregnant women free of GDM, stroke, heart disease, cancer, and type 1 or type 2 diabetes at the study enrollment were eligible for analysis. We used a self-administered questionnaire to obtain data on demographic information, socioeconomic status, self-rated health status, disease history, lifestyle, and dietary habits of each woman at study enrollment. A semiquantitative FFQ was used for dietary assessment. We used logistic regression to obtain the OR of GDM in relation to breakfast consumption. RESULTS: Among 84,669 pregnant women for analysis, 1935 cases of GDM were documented. After adjustment for potential confounding factors including prepregnancy BMI, the multivariable-adjusted ORs of GDM for women who consumed breakfast 5-6 times/wk, 3-4 times/wk, and 0-2 times/wk were 1.09 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.27), 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.34), and 1.21 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.41), respectively, compared with daily breakfast eaters. The association appeared to be dose dependent (P-trend = 0.006) and was not significantly modified by prepregnancy BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Breakfast consumption <3 times/wk before and during early pregnancy, compared with daily consumption, was associated with an increased odds of developing GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational overall and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) impacts in both mothers and offspring post-delivery in existing literature. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus were utilized for searching publications between January 1980 and June 2024, with data extraction and meta-analysis continuing until 31 July 2024. Based on a predefined PROSPERO protocol, studies published as full-length, English-language journal articles that reported the presence of GDM during pregnancy and its association with any CVD development post-delivery were selected. All studies were evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Maximally adjusted risk estimates were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis to assess the risk ratio (RR) of GDM, and overall and subtypes of CVDs in both mothers and offspring post-delivery. RESULTS: The meta-analysis was based on 38 studies with a total of 77,678,684 participants. The results showed a 46% increased risk (RR 1.46, 95% CI 1.34-1.59) for mothers and a 23% increased risk (1.23, 1.05-1.45) for offspring of developing overall CVDs after delivery, following a GDM-complicated pregnancy. Our subgroup analysis revealed that mothers with a history of GDM faced various risks (20% to 2-fold) of developing different subtypes of CVDs, including cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and venous thromboembolism. CONCLUSIONS: These findings underscore the heightened risk of developing various CVDs for mothers and offspring affected by GDM, emphasizing the importance of preventive measures even right after birth to mitigate the burden of CVDs in these populations.
Shift work and its effects on the cardiovascular system.; The practice of shift-work scheduling has long been part of normal work duties in emergency services such as health and security. It is only recently, in the wake of growing job opportunities and booming industries, where more employees are needed to keep services running over 24-hour periods that studies on the effects of shift work on workers' health have begun to delve deeper. The desynchronisation that occurs in circadian rhythms, with respect to sleep cycles, predisposes employees to coronary heart disease, gastrointestinal disturbances, increased risk of breast cancer and poor pregnancy outcomes. This literature review focuses on circadian rhythms, their molecular components, disturbances of these rhythms as a result of shift work and the adverse effects thereof on the cardiovascular system.
ECG body surface mapping in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimal metabolic compensation.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) events compared with women without GDM. The aim of the present study was to evaluate 200 parameters of the heart electric field in 35 women with GDM under optimal glycemic compensation compared to 32 healthy pregnant women. All examinations were performed in the 36th week of gestation. The parameters in ECG body surface mapping (BSM) were registered by the diagnostic system Cardiag 112.2. The absolute values of maximum and minimum in depolarization and repolarization isopotential, isointegral and isoarea maps were not significantly different between the groups. These findings correspond to the result of heart rate variability examination. However BSM revealed the significant prolongation of QRS complex (p=0.05), shortening of ventricular myocardial activation time (ICHVAT) (p=0.01), prolongation of mean QT duration (p=0.01) and increase of QT interval dispersion (p=0.01) in women with GDM. Duration of QRS and ICHVAT significantly correlated with interventricular septum and posterior wall thickness in GDM group, QTd interval correlated significantly with HbA1C level. We conclude that despite of optimal metabolic control several significant abnormalities detected by ECG BSM are still present in patients with GDM.
Oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) and ∼7 times as likely to develop type 2 diabetes as their age-matched counterparts. However, the mechanism(s) mediating these associations remain unclear. We hypothesized that endothelium- and (nitric oxide) NO-dependent dilation would be attenuated through oxidant stress mechanisms in the microvasculature of women with a history of GDM compared with control women with a history of uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Ten HC (35 ± 4 yr) and 10 GDM (34 ± 4 yr) underwent a standard local heating protocol (42°C; 0.1°C·s(-1)). Two intradermal microdialysis fibers were placed in the ventral forearm for local delivery of lactated Ringer's (control) or 5 mM l-ascorbate. After full expression of the local heating response, 15 mM N(G)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (NO synthase inhibition) was perfused. Red cell flux was measured continuously by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC = flux/MAP) was standardized to maximum (% CVCmax; 28 mM SNP + 43°C). Urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured. GDM had attenuated endothelium-dependent (GDM: 67 ± 7 vs. HC: 90 ± 4% CVCmax; P < 0.001) and NO-dependent (GDM: 54 ± 7 vs. HC: 71 ± 3% CVCmax; P = 0.001) dilation at the control site and tended to have higher urine ACR (P = 0.06). Both endothelium-dependent (R(2) = 0.53, P = 0.02) and NO-dependent (R(2) = 0.56, P = 0.01) dilation were related to urine ACR in GDM. l-ascorbate perfusion improved endothelium-dependent (82 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.03 vs. control) and NO-dependent (68 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.02 vs. control) dilation in GDM but had no effect in HC (P > 0.05). Otherwise healthy women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular endothelial function and this dysfunction is mediated, in part, by oxidative stress.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. However, the mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that microvascular dysfunction, mediated by increase in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose tolerance.
Fetal programming and the Leningrad Siege study.; The Leningrad Siege Study investigated the relationship between decreased maternal food intake and risk factors for coronary heart disease in adult life. The study screened 169 subjects exposed to intrauterine starvation during the Siege of Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) 1941-4, 192 subjects born in Leningrad before the siege and 188 subjects born concurrently with these two groups but outside the area of the siege. No difference was found between the subjects exposed to starvation in utero and during infancy in glucose tolerance [in utero: 5.2 mmol/l (95% confidence interval 5.1 to 5.3; infancy: 5.3 (5.1 to 5.5), p = 0.94], insulin concentration, blood pressure, lipid concentration or coagulation factors. The intrauterine exposed group had evidence of endothelial dysfunction by higher concentrations of von Willebrand factor and a stronger interaction between adult obesity and blood pressure. Non-systematic differences in subscapular to triceps skinfold ratio, diastolic blood pressure and clotting factors were demonstrated compared to the non-exposed groups. In conclusion, this study did not find an association between intrauterine starvation and glucose intolerance, dyslipidaemia, hypertension or cardiovascular disease in adult life. These findings differ from studies of subjects exposed to maternal starvation during the Dutch Hunger Winter. However, the dissimilar effects of exposure to the two famines may contribute to our understanding of the mechanisms of the thrifty phenotype and support the importance of catch-up growth during early childhood, a situation that occurred in the Netherlands by not in Leningrad.
Cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with the polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the commonest endocrine disorders, affecting 5-10% of the female population of reproductive age. "Classic" PCOS is characterized by clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism and oligo-ovulation. According to the 2003 Rotterdam criteria, two additional phenotypes are recognized: (1) the ovulatory patient with androgen excess and polycystic ovarian morphology and (2) the anovulatory patient with polycystic ovarian morphology without androgen excess. PCOS is associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile, consisting of increased total or central adiposity, increased blood pressure, a pro-atherogenic lipid profile, increased inflammatory markers, insulin resistance and abnormal glucose metabolism. Furthermore, the incidence of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as of preeclampsia is significantly higher in PCOS patients. Among the various PCOS phenotypes, those with evidence of androgen excess have the highest burden of cardiovascular risk. Studies evaluating the incidence of cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women with PCOS are extremely sparse. The available data so far indicate that coronary heart disease, as well as cerebrovascular disease is more common in postmenopausal PCOS patients. Persisting high androgen levels through the menopause, obesity and maturity onset diabetes mellitus are proposed as the main mechanisms accounting for the increased risk.
Protective Influence of Breastfeeding on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Their Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: There is evidence that breastfeeding may provide protection against cardiovascular risk factors in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their children who were exposed in utero. RESEARCH AIM: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies to ascertain the effects of breastfeeding on cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and their children exposed in utero. METHODS: Studies assessing conventional cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and children exposed in utero stratified by breastfeeding/no breastfeeding or breastfed/not breastfed were included. Gestational diabetes mellitus was defined based on the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group definition or previous accepted definitions. Breastfeeding was defined as reported in each study. RESULTS: The literature search yielded 260 titles, of which 17 studies were selected to be in the review. Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus who did not breastfeed had higher blood glucose (SMD: 0.32, 95% CI [0.12, 0.53]) and a greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus (RR: 2.08 95% CI [1.44, 3.00]) compared to women with no history. There were not enough studies to conduct a meta-analysis on the effects of breastfeeding on risk factors for cardiovascular disease among children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero. CONCLUSION: Breastfeeding appears to be protective against cardiovascular risk factors among women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus.
Intra-uterine undernutrition amplifies age-associated glucose intolerance in pigs via altered DNA methylation at muscle GLUT4 promoter.; The present study aimed to investigate the effect of maternal malnutrition on offspring glucose tolerance and the epigenetic mechanisms involved. In total, twelve primiparous Landrace×Yorkshire gilts were fed rations providing either 100 % (control (CON)) or 75 % (undernutrition (UN)) nutritional requirements according to the National Research Council recommendations, throughout gestation. Muscle samples of offspring were collected at birth (dpn1), weaning (dpn28) and adulthood (dpn189). Compared with CON pigs, UN pigs showed lower serum glucose concentrations at birth, but showed higher serum glucose and insulin concentrations as well as increased area under the blood glucose curve during intravenous glucose tolerance test at dpn189 (P<0·05). Compared with CON pigs, GLUT-4 gene and protein expressions were decreased at dpn1 and dpn189 in the muscle of UN pigs, which was accompanied by increased methylation at the GLUT4 promoter (P<0·05). These alterations in methylation concurred with increased mRNA levels of DNA methyltransferase (DNMT) 1 at dpn1 and dpn28, DNMT3a at dpn189 and DNMT3b at dpn1 in UN pigs compared with CON pigs (P<0·05). Interestingly, although the average methylation levels at the muscle GLUT4 promoter were decreased at dpn189 compared with dpn1 in pigs exposed to a poor maternal diet (P<0·05), the methylation differences in individual CpG sites were more pronounced with age. Our results indicate that in utero undernutrition persists to silence muscle GLUT4 likely through DNA methylation during the ageing process, which may lead to the amplification of age-associated glucose intolerance.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors in the offspring: results from a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: While the association of gestational diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance is beyond doubt, its associations with other cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring are less clearly established. Some of these associations, in particular overweight in the offspring, might be confounded by maternal overweight. METHODS: Data on 12,542 children in the age of 3-17 years with full information about gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal BMI were available from the German nationwide KiGGS study. We calculated linear and logistic regression models for measurements of body composition, blood pressure, HbA(1c) and cholesterol values in the offspring with gestational diabetes mellitus as the explanatory variable, with and without adjustment for maternal BMI. RESULTS: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in the dataset was 2.2%. Unadjusted regression analyses suggested weak positive effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition measurements [e.g. a mean increase in BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) of 0.17 units (95% confidence interval: 0.03, 0.30)]. After adjustment for maternal BMI, the observed associations almost disappeared [e.g. BMI SDS: 0.07 (-0.06, 0.20)]. With respect to blood pressure and cholesterol, no potential effects of gestational diabetes mellitus were observed in both unadjusted and adjusted models. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus does not appear to have a relevant effect on cardiovascular disease correlates such as blood pressure or cholesterol levels in children, and the potential effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition seems to be widely explainable by maternal BMI.
Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Implications for Long-Term Health: Identifying the Research Priorities for Low-Resource Settings.; Cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), including ischemic heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes are the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in women worldwide. The burden of CMDs falls disproportionately on low and middle-income countries (LMICs), placing substantial demands on already pressured health systems. Cardiometabolic disorders may present up to a decade earlier in some LMIC settings, and are associated with high-case fatality rates. Early identification and ongoing postpartum follow-up of women with pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may offer opportunities for prevention, or help delay onset of CMDs. This mini-review paper presents an overview of the key challenges faced in the early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of CMDs, in low-resource settings worldwide. Evidence-based strategies, including novel diagnostics, technology and innovations for early detection, screening and management for pregnant women at high-risk of CMDs are presented. The review highlights the key research priorities for addressing cardiometabolic risk in pregnancy in low-resource settings.
Evaluating the Causal Effects of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Heart Disease, and High Body Mass Index on Maternal Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia: Multivariable Mendelian Randomization.; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), heart disease (HD) and high body mass index (BMI) are strongly related to Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia in pregnant women. Therefore, we aimed to determine the total effects of GDM, heart disease, and high BMI on maternal AD dementia. Methods: We used data from the genome-wide association studies of European populations including more than 30,000 participants. We performed two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable MR (MVMR) to systematically estimate the direct effects of GDM, HD, and high BMI on maternal AD and dementia. Multiple sensitivity analyses involving classical MR approaches and expanded MR-pleiotropy residual sum and outlier analysis. Results: In two-sample MR analysis, the inverse-variance weighted method in our study demonstrated no significant causality between GDM and maternal dementia (β = -0.006 ± 0.0026, p = 0.82). This method also revealed no significant causality between high BMI and maternal dementia (β = 0.0024 ± 0.0043, p = 0.57), and it was supported by the MR-Egger regression results, which showed no causal effect of high BMI on maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (β = 0.0027 ± 0.0096, p = 0.78). The IVW method showed no significant causal relationship between maternal HD and maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (β = -0.05 ± 0.0042, p = 0.117) and MR-Egger regression analysis gave a similar result (β = -0.12 ± 0.0060, p = 0.079). In MVMR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, high BMI, or HD and maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (p = 0.94, 0.82, and 0.13, respectively). Thus, the MVMR estimates were consistent with our results from the two-sample MR analysis. We confirmed that these results showed no horizontal pleiotropy and enhanced the robustness of our results through multiple sensitivity analyses. Conclusion: In two-sample MR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. These results differed from previous observational studies showing HD is a significant predictor of dementia. MVMR analysis supported no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. Sensitivity analysis broadly increased the robustness of two-sample MR and MVMR analysis results.
Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and subsequently measured cardiovascular risk factors.; OBJECTIVE: To study the association of hypertensive pregnancy disorders with modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to estimate the feasibility for early detection and prevention. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 15,065 women with a first singleton birth between 1967 and 1995, who later participated in a population study that included standardized measurements of blood pressure, serum lipids, and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (preeclampsia or gestational hypertension) had higher BMI, higher blood pressure, and unfavorable levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides. Preeclampsia was associated with substantially higher risk of developing diabetes (odds ratio 3.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.1-6.6), and if the hypertensive disorder occurred in more than one pregnancy, or in a relatively late pregnancy, the associations with later cardiovascular risk factors were substantially stronger. Thus, women with two episodes of preeclampsia were approximately 10 times more likely to use blood pressure medication at follow-up (adjusted odds ratio, 11.6, 95% CI 7.1-26.3), and in women with gestational hypertension in three consecutive pregnancies, systolic pressure was on average 27 mm Hg (95% CI 18-37 mm Hg) higher, and diastolic pressure was 12 mm Hg (95% CI 5-19 mm Hg) higher, compared with women without a history of hypertensive disorders. Adjustment for current body mass index partly attenuated these associations, suggesting that BMI may play an important mediating role. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, and particularly women with recurrent pregnancy disorders, should be candidates for intervention intended to prevent premature cardiovascular disease. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Obese mothers supplemented with melatonin during gestation and lactation ameliorate the male offspring's pancreatic islet cellular composition and beta-cell function.; Melatonin supplementation to obese mothers during gestation and lactation might benefit the pancreatic islet cellular composition and beta-cell function in male offspring adulthood. C57BL/6 females (mothers) were assigned to two groups (n = 20/each) based on their consumption in control (C 17% kJ as fat) or high-fat diet (HF 49% kJ as fat). Mothers were supplemented with melatonin (Mel) (10 mg/kg daily) during gestation and lactation, or vehicle, forming the groups (n = 10/each): C, CMel, HF, and HFMel. The male offspring were studied, considering they only received the C diet after weaning until three months old. The HF mothers and their offspring showed higher body weight, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and low insulin sensitivity than the C ones. However, HFMel mothers and their offspring showed improved glucose metabolism and weight loss than the HF ones. Also, the offspring's higher expressions of pro-inflammatory markers and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress were observed in HF but reduced in HFMel. Contrarily, antioxidant enzymes were less expressed in HF but improved in HFMel. In addition, HF showed increased beta-cell mass and hyperinsulinemia but diminished in HFMel. Besides, the beta-cell maturity and identity gene expressions diminished in HF but enhanced in HFMel. In conclusion, obese mothers supplemented with melatonin benefit their offspring's islet cell remodeling and function. In addition, improving pro-inflammatory markers, oxidative stress, and ER stress resulted in better glucose and insulin levels control. Consequently, pancreatic islets and functioning beta cells were preserved in the offspring of obese mothers supplemented with melatonin.
Effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus on macrosomia and birth defects in Upstate New York.; AIMS: To evaluate the effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on macrosomia and birth defects. METHODS: Existing birth registry data from the Perinatal Data System in Upstate New York was analysed. 650,914 women with a singleton term pregnancy (≥37 weeks) aged 18-55 years from 2004 to 2016 were included. RESULTS: The prevalence of macrosomia in infants born to women with PGDM and GDM were 26.0% and 16.4%, respectively, higher than that in the controls (11.2%). Compared with the controls (0.8%), the PGDM and GDM groups had higher prevalence of any birth defect (1.8% and 1.0%). The PGDM group had the highest prevalence of cyanotic heart disease (0.6%). Moreover, the PGDM group had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect compared to the GDM and control groups (p < 0.05). However, these birth defects in the GDM group were similar to those in the controls. Both the PGDM and GDM groups had significantly elevated odds of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect than controls. The PGDM group had higher odds of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. CONCLUSIONS: Using the Perinatal Data System database, PGDM and GDM, especially PGDM, was associated with higher prevalence of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect in singleton term pregnancy in Upstate New York. PGDM, not GDM had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect.
Do self-reported pregnancy complications add to risk evaluation in older women with established cardiovascular disease?; BACKGROUND: In postmenopausal women with established cardiovascular disease (CVD), it is unknown whether a history of pregnancy complications are related to multisite artery disease (MSAD), defined as atherosclerotic lesions in at least two major vascular beds. Pregnancy complications are an established risk factor for CVD. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of pregnancy complications and their association to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and prediction of MSAD in older women with and without CVD. METHODS: In total, 556 women were invited to participate in the study. Of these women 307 reported former pregnancy from a cohort of women with (n = 233) and without CVD (n = 74). The self-reported frequency of pregnancy complications were surveyed retrospectively by a questionnaire that included miscarriage, subfertility, gestational hypertension (GHT) and/or preeclampsia (PE), low birth weight, preterm birth, bleeding in late pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and high birth weight. Three vascular beds were examined, the peripheral, carotid and coronary arteries. RESULTS: The mean age was 67.5 (SD 9.5) years. GHT and/or PE tended to be more common, but not significant, in women with CVD than in women without (20.3% vs 10.8%, p = 0.066). Among women with GHT and/or PE, hypertension later in life were more frequent than in women without (66.7% vs 47.4%, p = 0.010). GHT and/or PE were not associated with specific atherosclerotic manifestations or prediction of MSAD. CONCLUSIONS: In older women with established CVD, pregnancy complications was not associated to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and may not provide additional value to the risk evaluation for MSAD.
Hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is the main reason for developing diabetes mediated vascular complications. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed due to non-enzymatic glycation of proteins, lipids and nucleic acids during hyperglycaemia. It has the potential to damage vasculature by modifying the substrate or by means of AGEs and receptor of AGE (RAGE) interaction. It has been linked with the pathogenesis of various vascular diseases including coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, restenosis etc. This study was carried out to investigate the role of AGEs-EGR-1 pathway in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) vascular inflammation. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HuVECs) isolated from normal glucose tolerant mothers were subjected to various treatments including high glucose, silencing of early growth response (EGR)-1, blockade of protein kinase C (PKC) β, blocking extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and treatment with AGEs and assayed for EGR-1, tissue factor (TF) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1. Similarly, umbilical vein endothelial cells isolated from normal and GDM mothers were assayed for EGR-1, TF, and sICAM-1. There was a significant increase in EGR-1 and TF levels in HuVECs isolated form GDM mother's umbilical cord and normal HuVECs treated with high glucose condition. This was accompanied by elevated levels of sICAM-1 in high glucose treated cells. Our results revealed AGE-mediated activation of EGR-1 and its downstream genes via PKC βII and ERK1/2 signaling pathway. The present study demonstrated a novel mechanism of AGEs/ PKC βII/ ERK1/2/EGR-1 pathway in inducing vascular inflammation in GDM.
Studies to Improve Perinatal Health through Diet and Lifestyle among South Asian Women Living in Canada: A Brief History and Future Research Directions.; South Asians (i.e., people who originate from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bangladesh) have higher cardiovascular disease rates than other populations, and these differences persist in their offspring. Nutrition is a critical lifestyle-related factor that influences fetal development, and infant and child health in early life. In high-income countries such as Canada, nutrition-related health risks arise primarily from overnutrition, most strikingly for obesity and associated non-communicable diseases. Evidence for developmental programming during fetal life underscores the critical influence of maternal diet on fetal growth and development, backed by several birth cohort studies including the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, the South Asian Birth Cohort Study, and the Born in Bradford Study. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes, future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in the mother and increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in her offspring. Non-pharmacological trials to prevent gestational diabetes are few, often not randomized, and are heterogeneous with respect to design, and outcomes have not converged upon a single optimal prevention strategy. The aim of this review is to provide an understanding of the current knowledge around perinatal nutrition and gestational diabetes among the high-risk South Asian population as well as summarize our research activities investigating the role of culturally-tailored nutrition advice to South Asian women living in high-income settings such as Canada. In this paper, we describe these qualitative and quantitative studies, both completed and underway. We conclude with a description of the design of a randomized trial of a culturally tailored personalized nutrition intervention to reduce gestational glycaemia in South Asian women living in Canada and its implications.
History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Relation to Cardiovascular Disease and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in US Women.; BACKGROUND: Findings from previous studies examining the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been inconsistent and inconclusive. We aimed to examine the associations of a previous history of GDM with risk of CVD and status of cardiovascular risk factors in a nationwide population-based study in the United States. METHODS: This study included 8,127 parous women aged 20 years or older in the 2007-2014 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey in the United States. The exposure was self-reported diagnostic history of GDM and the outcomes were self-reported diagnostic history of CVD and measurements of cardiovascular risk factors, including blood pressure and blood lipids. Regression models with sample weights were used to examine the associations of GDM with CVD and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Among women with a history of both GDM and CVD, CVD was diagnosed on average 22.9 years after the diagnosis of GDM. After adjustment for demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors, a history of GDM was associated with 63% higher odds of CVD [odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02, 2.62, p-value = 0.04]. Further adjustment for body mass index (BMI) modestly attenuated the association (OR 1.52, 95% CI 0.95, 2.44, p-value = 0.08). A history of GDM was significantly associated with lower serum level of HDL-cholesterol (adjusted β-coefficient -3.33, 95% CI -5.17, -1.50, p-value ≤ 0.001), but not associated with total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, or systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Similarly, the association between a history of GDM and HDL cholesterol was attenuated after additional adjustment for BMI (adjusted β-coefficient -1.68, 95% CI -3.38, 0.03, p-value = 0.54). CONCLUSION: Women with a previous history of GDM have significantly higher risk for developing CVD and lower serum level of HDL cholesterol, compared to women without a history of GDM. The associations may be explained, at least partly, by BMI.
Maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to evaluate maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in patients with getational diabetes mellitus compared with a control group. METHODS: We have measured maternal serum ANP and BNP levels in 35 otherwise healthy and 45 gestational diabetic women between gestational week 24 and 28 referred to our unit in a cross-sectional study. Independent samples t-test or the Mann-Whitney U-test was used for comparison of two groups where appropriate. RESULTS: Mean maternal serum homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, fasting glucose and insulin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) group were significantly higher than the control group (p < 0.01). Mean maternal serum ANP and BNP levels of women with GDM were significantly lower than the control group (12.9 ± 9.9 versus 34.8 ± 16.9 pg/ml, p < 0.001; 416.6 ± 209.7 versus 629.7 ± 162.2 mg/dl, p < 0.001, respectively). Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels were negatively correlated with insulin levels, HbA1c and HOMA-IR values (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels are significantly lower in patients with GDM. These biomarkers might be valuable in clinical setting for identifying high-risk women for developing diabetes during pregnancy.
Mangiferin ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus-induced placental oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress and improves fetal outcomes in mice.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a temporary form of diabetes during pregnancy, which causes maternal diabetic symptoms and abnormal fetal development, and influence the health of maternal-child in clinical practice. Mangiferin is a bioactive ingredient with anti-inflammation, anti-oxidation and anti-endoplasmic reticulum stress activities. In current study, the effects of mangiferin on GDM were evaluated. We reported that mangiferin greatly improved altered glucose and lipid profile, insulin tolerance, and reproductive outcomes of the GDM mice. Mangiferin ameliorated placental oxidative stress, inflammation and ER stress in GDM mice. Therefore, we demonstrated that mangiferin displayed protective effects on gestational diabetes mellitus symptoms by suppressing placental oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress in GDM mice.
A randomised placebo-controlled trial of the effectiveness of early metformin in addition to usual care in the reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus effects (EMERGE): study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. Current treatments for GDM involve initial medical nutritional therapy (MNT) and exercise and pharmacotherapy in those with persistent hyperglycaemia. Insulin is considered first-line pharmacotherapy but is associated with hypoglycaemia, excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and an increased caesarean delivery rate. Metformin is safe in selected groups of women with GDM but is not first-line therapy in many guidelines due to a lack of long-term data on efficacy. The EMERGE trial will evaluate the effectiveness of early initiation of metformin in GDM. METHODS: EMERGE is a phase III, superiority, parallel, 1:1 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of metformin versus placebo initiated by 28 weeks (+6 days) plus usual care. Women aged 18-50 years will be recruited. Women with established diabetes, multiple pregnancies, known major congenital malformation or small for gestational age (<10th centile), intolerance or contraindication to the use of metformin, shock or sepsis, current gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, significant gastrointestinal problems, congestive heart failure, severe mental illness or galactose intolerance are excluded. INTERVENTION: Immediate introduction of metformin or placebo in addition to MNT and usual care. Metformin is initiated at 500mg/day and titrated to a maximum dose of 2500mg over 10 days. Women are followed up at 4 and 12 weeks post-partum to assess maternal and neonatal outcomes. The composite primary outcome measure is initiation of insulin or fasting blood glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/L at gestational weeks 32 or 38. The secondary outcomes are the time to insulin initiation and insulin dose required; maternal morbidity at delivery; mode and time of delivery; postpartum glucose status; insulin resistance; postpartum body mass index (BMI); gestational weight gain; infant birth weight; neonatal height and head circumference at delivery; neonatal morbidities (neonatal care unit admission, respiratory distress, jaundice, congenital anomalies, Apgar score); neonatal hypoglycaemia; cost-effectiveness; treatment acceptability and quality of life determined by the EQ5D-5L scale. DISCUSSION: The EMERGE trial will determine the effectiveness and safety of early and routine use of metformin in GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT Number 2016-001644-19l; NCT NCT02980276 . Registered on 6 June 2017.
Fetal Cardiac Function and Ventricular Volumes Determined by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound Using STIC and VOCAL Methods in Fetuses from Pre-gestational Diabetic Women.; To assess the fetal cardiac function and ventricular volumes by three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) methods in fetuses from pre-gestational diabetic women. This was a prospective and cross-sectional study that evaluated 53 fetuses from pre-gestational diabetic women and 53 fetuses from healthy mothers between 20 and 34 weeks of gestation. Only fetuses with no structural or genetic abnormalities and singleton pregnant women were included in this study. The fetal cardiac volumes were assessed by STIC and VOCAL methods. The ejection fraction, stroke volume, and cardiac output were calculated from these measurements to evaluate fetal cardiac function. The Mann-Whitney U test was performed to compare the two groups. For calculation of intra- and interobserver reproducibility's, we used concordance correlation coefficients. The mean differences in the right atrial volumes between the diabetic and normal groups ranged from 0.05 mL to 0.1 mL (p = 0.917 and 0.355, respectively). The median of left atrium (LA) volume measurement in pre-gestational diabetic group was significantly lower than healthy mothers (LA: 0.62 vs. 0.68 mL; p < 0.001). The fetal right and left ventricular volumes were similar in both groups. No significant differences in ejection fraction, stroke volume and cardiac output were observed (p value range 0.086-0.815). The majority of fetal atrial/ventricular volumes showed good intra- and interobserver reliabilities. Conversely, the majority cardiac function parameters showed poor intra- and interobserver agreements. STIC and VOCAL methods gave reproducible quantitative results for fetal atrial and ventricular volumes. Significant differences in fetal left atrial volumes were observed between the two groups, which be related to LA atrial dysfunction and /or left ventricle (LV) compliance, reflecting earlier stages of cardiac dysfunction.
Implementing a healthy postpartum lifestyle after gestational diabetes or preeclampsia: a qualitative study of the partner's role.; BACKGROUND: Women with preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for later cardiovascular disease, and lifestyle measures are recommended to prevent subsequent disease. Partner support has been shown to be important in lifestyle modification in other diseases, but there is a lack of knowledge of partner involvement in PE and GDM. The aim of this study was to explore the partner's experiences and knowledge of gestational diseases, and how the partner wishes to contribute to lifestyle change. METHODS: A qualitative study with one focus group interview and seven in-depth individual interviews, involving eleven partners of women with a pregnancy complicated by GDM or PE. The interview data were inductively analysed using four-step systematic text condensation, supported by interdependence theory. RESULTS: Partners experienced a strong "we-feeling" and wanted to support the woman in lifestyle changes. At the same time, they felt insecure, worried, foolish and left out and they missed information from clinicians. The partners felt that their involvement was crucial to lasting lifestyle changes and expected that the clinicians would routinely invite them to discuss lifestyle change. CONCLUSIONS: Partners considered themselves an important resource for lifestyle changes for women with PE and GDM, but missed being more directly invited, informed and included in maternity care and wanted to participate in the care that followed the gestational disease. This study can help health professionals to realize that partners are an overlooked resource that can make important contributions to improve the health of the whole family if they are involved and supported by health services.
Evaluation of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in women with gestational diabetes.; We aimed to evaluate the predictors of subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous GDM. Two hundred fifty-two consecutive women with GDM were enrolled. After exclusion of women who did not attend to the hospital for follow-up visits for minimum 1 year, data of 195 patients were evaluated. Seventy-one lean women with negative screening for GDM were included as a control group. The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than healthy controls. Women with previous GDM were more insulin resistant, had an atherogenic lipid profile and increased carotid IMT. The most important predictors of postpartum diabetes were the need for insulin treatment during index pregnancy and glucose values on antepartum OGTT. Among women with previous GDM, the development of postpartum diabetes and metabolic syndrome was associated with increased carotid IMT. Our data show that women with previous GDM are at high risk for developing carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. Antepartum prediction of high risk subjects for the subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and metabolic syndrome seems to be vital to prevent cardiovascular outcomes.
Knowledge and care regarding long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are substantial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Identifying these high-risk female individuals during pregnancy offers the possibility of preventing long-term CVD and chronic kidney disease via a structured therapeutic and surveillance plan. We aimed to evaluate the current practice of postpartum care in women after APO and the impact on the women's awareness about their future risk for CVD. METHODS: Women diagnosed with PE and GDM at the University Hospital of St. Poelten/Lilienfeld between 2015-2020 were identified and participated in a structured telephone interview about postpartum medical care and knowledge about the impact of APOs on long-term cardiovascular health. RESULTS: Of 161 out of the 750 women contacted, 29% (n = 46) were diagnosed with PE and 71% (n = 115) with GDM. One third of all women and up to 44% of women diagnosed with PE, were unaware that APOs are related to CVD. Women diagnosed with PE were less likely to receive postpartum care information than those with GDM (30.4% vs. 49.6%, p = 0.027), and only one third of all women after APOs were counselled by a physician or healthcare professional. Of the women 50% received recommendations regarding lifestyle changes after delivery; significantly more women with GDM than women with PE (54% vs. 37%, p = 0.05). Only 14% had at least one long-term follow-up. CONCLUSION: This study identified a significant deficit of structured postpartum care and a lack of awareness among women after APO and their healthcare providers about the increased risk of long-term CVD.
Relationship Between Pregnancy Complications and Subsequent Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomographic Angiography in Black Women.; BACKGROUND: Maternal pregnancy complications, particularly preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, are described to increase the risk for subsequent coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition, black women are at higher risk for CAD. The objective of this study was to compare the prevalence and extent of CAD as detected by coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) in black women with and without a history of prior pregnancy complications. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated patient characteristics and CCTA findings in groups of black women with a prior history of preterm delivery (n=154), preeclampsia (n=137), or gestational diabetes mellitus (n=148), and a matched control group of black women who gave birth without such complications (n=445). Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to assess risk factors of CAD. RESULTS: All groups with prior pregnancy complications showed higher rates of any (≥20% luminal narrowing) and obstructive (≥50% luminal narrowing) CAD (preterm delivery: 29.2% and 9.1%; preeclampsia: 29.2% and 7.3%; and gestational diabetes mellitus: 47.3% and 15.5%) compared with control women (23.8% and 5.4%). After accounting for confounding factors at multivariate analysis, gestational diabetes mellitus remained a strong risk factor of any (odds ratio, 3.26; 95% CI, 2.03-5.22; P<0.001) and obstructive CAD (odds ratio, 3.00; 95% CI, 1.55-5.80; P<0.001) on CCTA. CONCLUSIONS: Black women with a history of pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus, have a higher prevalence of CAD on CCTA while only a history of gestational diabetes mellitus was independently associated with any and obstructive CAD on CCTA.
Berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus.; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid from plants known to improve cardiac mitochondrial function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring but the mechanism is poorly understood. We examined the role of the mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) in mediating this cardiac improvement. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet for 6 weeks prior to breeding. Lean and GDM-exposed male offspring were randomly assigned a low-fat, high-fat, or high-fat diet containing BBR at weaning for 12 weeks. The content of CL was elevated in the heart of GDM offspring fed a high fat diet containing BBR. The increase in total cardiac CL was due to significant increases in the most abundant and functionally important CL species, tetralinoleoyl-CL and this correlated with an increase in the expression of the CL remodeling enzyme tafazzin. Additionally, BBR treatment increased expression of cardiac enzymes involved in fatty acid uptake and oxidation and electron transport chain subunits in high fat diet fed GDM offspring. Thus, dietary BBR protection from cardiac dysfunction in GDM exposed offspring involves improvement in mitochondrial function mediated through increased synthesis of CL.
Stroke complicating pregnancy and the puerperium.; BACKGROUND: The role of nonobstetric factors, such as stroke, in maternal mortality has become of increasing importance because maternal deaths resulting directly from obstetric causes are decreasing. Strokes contribute to high mortality and morbidity, and are severe complications during pregnancy and puerperium. The objective of this study was to investigate the maternal outcome of patients with complications of stroke during pregnancy and puerperium. The causes, incidence and essential management of stroke are also reviewed. METHODS: During the 10-year period from January, 1986, to January, 1996, women who suffered from stroke during pregnancy, or up to six weeks postpartum, and were discharged from our hospital were identified. Stroke was defined as the abrupt onset of a focal neurologic syndrome that consisted of hemorrhagic and ischemic central nervous system events. All were assessed using computerized tomography or magnetic resonance imaging. Neurologists reviewed each case from the medical records. RESULTS: Thirteen women who had had a stroke during pregnancy or puerperium were identified. Nine of these women had intracerebral hemorrhage and four had ischemic strokes. During this 10-year period, approximately 85,321 women gave birth at the Mackay Memorial Hospital, and the incidence of stroke was approximately 1 in 6,500 pregnancies. Among the nine cases of hemorrhagic strokes, three women had preeclampsia and one had gestational diabetes mellitus. Mortality from strokes was 38%, and 63% of survivors had residual neurologic deficits; 46% of the strokes occurred during the puerperium. CONCLUSIONS: Stroke during pregnancy and puerperium causes high mortality and morbidity. Early diagnosis and adequate treatment cannot be overemphasized, as prompt and proper management is beneficial for outcome. The same meticulous care provided during the antepartum and intrapartum periods should be continued into the puerperium.
Increased cardiovascular risk after pre-eclampsia in women with dysglycaemia.; AIMS: Compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies, women with a history of pre-eclampsia have two to five times the risk of cardiovascular disease. It is not known whether this risk is related to albuminuria, a known cardiovascular risk factor that is part of the definition of pre-eclampsia and that often persists after delivery. Our objective was to determine if the high risk of cardiovascular disease in women with pre-eclampsia is accounted for by known cardiovascular risk factors including albuminuria. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of 4080 dysglycaemic women enrolled in a large randomized controlled trial who provided an obstetric history and had at least one delivery. Blood pressure, height, weight, waist circumference and hip circumference were measured. An oral glucose tolerance test, lipids, an electrocardiogram and an albumin/creatinine ratio from a first morning urine sample were obtained. RESULTS: There were 3613 women with no history of pre-eclampsia during their pregnancies, 108 with severe pre-eclampsia and 359 with non-severe pre-eclampsia. Women with a history of severe pre-eclampsia had higher rates of previous cardiovascular disease than women with non-severe pre-eclampsia or women without pre-eclampsia (87, 72 and 72%, P = 0.0019). The high risk of previous cardiovascular disease in women with a history of severe pre-eclampsia (odds ratio 2.67, 95% CI 1.52-4.70) persisted after adjustment for albuminuria (odds ratio 2.74, 95% CI 1.55-4.83) and also after adjusting for other covariates including albuminuria (odds ratio 3.03, 95% CI 1.69-5.44). CONCLUSION: Even after accounting for cardiovascular risk factors including albuminuria, a history of severe pre-eclampsia is independently associated with a threefold higher risk of cardiovascular disease.
[A brief of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis].; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders that may cause pathological pregnancy. Treating diabetes recognized during pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, delivery with cesarean sections, high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, after delivery they present higher risk of developing neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. There is still no consensus in the recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus by expert committees. Orv. Hetil., 2017, 158(8), 283-290.
CXC chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to evaluate the association between CXC chemokine ligand 16 and indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia and systemic inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. METHODS: This sub-study of the population-based prospective cohort included 310 women. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed during pregnancy and 5 years later along with lipid analysis. CXC chemokine ligand 16 was measured in plasma (protein) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (messenger RNA) during pregnancy and at follow-up. RESULTS: Circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 was higher in gestational diabetes mellitus women early in pregnancy and at follow-up, while higher in preeclampsia women late in pregnancy compared to control women. Messenger RNA of CXC chemokine ligand 16 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were lower in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia women compared to control women. Increased circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 level was associated with a higher apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in gestational diabetes mellitus women but not in normal pregnancy at follow-up. CONCLUSION: Our study shows that women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia had a dysregulated CXC chemokine ligand 16 during pregnancy, and in gestational diabetes mellitus, the increase in CXC chemokine ligand 16 early in pregnancy and after 5 years was strongly associated with their lipid profile.
Ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveform in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with congenital cardiac malformations and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Blood flow in the ductus venosus (DV) has been postulated to reflect cardiac function. The aim of our study was to investigate if diabetic pregnancies exhibit abnormal DV hemodynamics, hence indicating changes in fetal cardiac function. METHODS: The pulsatility index of the DV (DV-PI) was analyzed retrospectively in 142 diabetic patients and compared to previously published DV-PI reference values from a non-diabetic low-risk population. DV values were then correlated with maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). RESULTS: DV-PI was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by either pre-existing insulin-dependent (DM) or gestational diabetes when compared with normal reference values. Increased DV-PI values were still evident in both diabetic groups when neonates that were small-for-gestational age and neonates with pathological umbilical blood flow pattern were excluded from the analysis. In DM pregnancies a statistically significant correlation was found between DV-PI and maternal HbA1c. CONCLUSION: Diabetic pregnancies exhibit increased DV-PI values when compared to a normal low-risk pregnant population, possibly indicating a fetal cardiac effect.
PARCCS: A Machine Learning Risk-Prediction Model for Acute Peripartum Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions.; BACKGROUND: Maternal mortality in the United States remains high, with cardiovascular (CV) complications being a leading cause. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this paper was to develop the PARCCS (Prediction of Acute Risk for Cardiovascular Complications in the Peripartum Period Score) for acute CV complications during delivery. METHODS: Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2016-2020) and International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes to identify delivery admissions were used. Acute CV/renal complications were defined as a composite of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, renal complications, venous thromboembolism, arrhythmias, and pulmonary edema. A risk prediction model, PARCCS, was developed using machine learning consisting of 14 variables and scored out of 100 points. RESULTS: Of the 2,371,661 pregnant patients analyzed, 7.0% had acute CV complications during delivery hospitalization. Patients with CV complications had a higher prevalence of comorbidities and were more likely to be of Black race and lower income. The PARCCS variables included electrolyte imbalances (13 points [p]), age (3p for age <20 years), cesarean delivery (4p), obesity (5p), pre-existing heart failure (28p), multiple gestations (4p), Black race (2p), gestational hypertension (3p), low income (1p), gestational diabetes (2p), chronic diabetes (6p), prior stroke (22p), coagulopathy (5p), and nonelective admission (2p). Using the validation set, the performance of the model was evaluated with an area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve of 0.68 and a 95% CI of 0.67 to 0.68. CONCLUSIONS: PARCCS has the potential to be an important tool for identifying pregnant individuals at risk of acute peripartum CV complications at the time of delivery. Future studies should further validate this score and determine whether it can improve patient outcomes.
Historical facts of screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy.; Diabetes is the most common metabolic disorder affecting pregnancy. Its prevalence seems to be growing in parallel with the epidemics of overweight and obesity. Recognizing and treating diabetes or any degree of glucose intolerance in pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, cesarean sections, a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Infants born to these mothers are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, and after delivery, these infants have a higher risk of developing hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress syndrome, polycythemia and subsequent obesity and type 2 diabetes. Despite several international workshops and a lot of research there is still no unique approach to diagnose and treat diabetes in pregnancy. Who, when and how to screen and diagnose diabetes in pregnancy has been debated in the literature for so many decades and this debate seems to be endless. We present the evolution that screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy has had over time. Besides many evidence of the benefits these procedures bring, health care providers still often prefer to use alternate criteria for this purpose. The myriad of maternal and fetal complications that could be avoided with an appropriate and simple screening procedure are ignored. Robust clinical trials such as the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study have shown how harmful can even slightly altered blood glucose levels be, but it has been found a resistance in the adoption of the new criteria proposed after this and other trials by many diabetes organizations. These organizations state that these new criteria would increase the incidence of diabetes in pregnancy, would imply in longer term follow-up of these patients and would pose an economic problem; they also state that alerting too many people in order to benefit a relatively few potential diabetics would arise psychologic ill-effects. We think that health care providers should look for an uniformity in the screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy based on evidence based medicine and not on specialists consensus.
Downregulation of microRNA-873 attenuates insulin resistance and myocardial injury in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus by upregulating IGFBP2.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by insulin resistance, and patients with GDM have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) are reported to be involved in the regulation of myocardial injury. Moreover, miR-873 was predicted to target insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) through bioinformatic analysis, which was further confirmed using a luciferase assay. Thus, our objective was to assess whether microRNA-873 (miR-873) affects insulin resistance and myocardial injury in an established GDM rat model. The GDM rats were treated with miR-875 mimic or inhibitor or IGFBP2 siRNA. The effects of miR-875 and IGFBP2 on the cardiac function, insulin resistance, and myocardial injury were evaluated by hemodynamic measurements, determination of biochemical indices of myocardium and serum, and insulin homeostatic model assessment. The results indicated that downregulation of miR-873 upregulated the expression of IGFBP2 and promoted the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) axis. With downregulation of miR-873 in GDM rats, the cardiac function was improved and the myocardial apoptosis was inhibited, coupled with elevated activity of superoxide dismutase, carbon monoxide synthase, and the nitric oxide content. In addition, the inhibition of miR-873 in GDM rats modulated the insulin resistance and reduced myocardial apoptosis. Overall, the data showed that inhibition of miR-873 by targeting IGFBP2 may regulate the insulin resistance and curtail myocardial injury in GDM rats through activating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR axis, thus providing a potential means of impeding the progression of GDM.
Evaluation of prenatal changes in fetal cardiac morphology and function in maternal diabetes mellitus using a novel fetal speckle-tracking analysis: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Due to metabolic changes in the second trimester and the increasing number of pregnant women with obesity and advanced maternal age, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains high. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function, and to determine whether these changes increase with increasing estimated fetal weight (EFW). METHODS: Fifty-eight women with GDM (GDM group) and 58 women with a healthy pregnancy (control group) were included in this prospective observational cohort study. Each group included subgroups of 31 pregnant women with a gestational age between 24(+0) weeks and 27(+6) weeks as well as 27 pregnant women with a gestational age between 28(+0) weeks and 40(+0) weeks. For all fetuses, a cine of 2-3 s in the four-chamber view was obtained, and online speckle-tracking analysis was performed using the GE Automatic Fetal Heart Assessment Tool (fetal HQ; General Electric Healthcare Ultrasound, Zipf, Austria) to measure the global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), 24-segment sphericity index (SI), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter of the left ventricle (LV) and right ventricle (RV). Data were analyzed using the independent t-test and Wilcoxon rank-sum test, as applicable. RESULTS: The GDM group (mean HbA1c value was 5.3 ± 0.57 mmol/L) showed a lower GSI value than the control group (1.21 vs. 1.27, P = 0.000), which indicated a rounder shape of the heart. In addition, fetuses in the GDM group demonstrated significant impairment in cardiac function compared to those in the control group (LV-GLS: -18.26% vs. -22.70%, RV-GLS: -18.52% vs. -22.74%, LV-FAC: 35.30% vs. 42.36%, RV-FAC: 30.89% vs. 36.80%; P = 0.000 for all). Subgroup analyses according to gestational age (24(+0)-27(+6) weeks and 28(+0)-40(+0) weeks) showed that the statistical differences were retained between the GDM and control groups in each subgroup. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of women with GDM present with signs of biventricular systolic dysfunction according to deformation analysis using fetal HQ. Additionally, the heart had a rounder shape in the GDM group than in the control group. This study showed that fetal HQ can be used to assess fetal cardiac morphology and function easily and quickly, and the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function appeared from the second trimester. Thus, whether earlier and stricter clinical intervention was necessary remained to be further studied. Furthermore, future studies will need to supplement the effects of blood glucose levels on GLS, FAC, GSI, and 24-segment SI. Additionally, the long-term follow-up after birth should also be improved to observe the influence of changes in the indicators on the prognosis.
Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post-GDM women have a life-time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high-risk individuals. METHODS/DESIGN: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post-GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12-month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two-week intervals, and two follow-up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self-reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. DISCUSSION: This study aims to show whether MAGDA-DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post-GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN 12610000338066.
Cigarette smoking and brain regulation of energy homeostasis.; Cigarette smoking is an addictive behavior, and is the primary cause of cardiovascular and pulmonary disease, and cancer (among other diseases). Cigarette smoke contains thousands of components that may affect caloric intake and energy expenditure, although nicotine is the major addictive substance present, and has the best described actions. Nicotine exposure from cigarette smoke can change brain feeding regulation to reduce appetite via both energy homeostatic and reward mechanisms, causing a negative energy state which is characterized by reduced energy intake and increased energy expenditure that are linked to low body weight. These findings have led to the public perception that smoking is associated with weight loss. However, its effects at reducing abdominal fat mass (a predisposing factor for glucose intolerance and insulin resistance) are marginal, and its promotion of lean body mass loss in animal studies suggests a limited potential for treatment in obesity. Smoking during pregnancy puts pressure on the mother's metabolic system and is a significant contributor to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Smoking is a predictor of future risk for respiratory dysfunction, social behavioral problems, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and type-2 diabetes. Catch-up growth is normally observed in children exposed to intrauterine smoke, which has been linked to subsequent childhood obesity. Nicotine can have a profound impact on the developing fetal brain, via its ability to rapidly and fully pass the placenta. In animal studies this has been linked with abnormal hypothalamic gene expression of appetite regulators such as downregulation of NPY and POMC in the arcuate nucleus of the hypothalamus. Maternal smoking or nicotine replacement leads to unhealthy eating habits (such as junk food addiction) and other behavioral disorders in the offspring.
Retracted: Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; [This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/6565109.].
Divergent Trajectories of Cardiovascular Risk Factors in the Years Before Pregnancy in Women With and Without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Study.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, which has been attributed to an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is apparent even within the first year postpartum. Given its presence in the early postpartum, we hypothesized that this adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile may develop over time in the years before pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and two or more measurements of the following analytes between 2007 and the start of pregnancy: A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, lipids, and transaminases. This population consisted of 8,047 women who developed GDM and 93,114 women who did not. RESULTS: The two most recent pregravid tests were performed at a median of 0.61 years and 1.86 years before pregnancy, respectively. Women who went on to develop GDM had higher pregravid A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and ALT and lower HDL cholesterol than their peers (all P < 0.0001). Notably, in the years before pregnancy, women who went on to develop GDM had higher annual increases than their peers in A1C (1.9-fold higher) (difference 0.0089%/year [95% CI 0.0043-0.0135]) and random glucose (4.3-fold), greater annual decrease in HDL cholesterol (5.5-fold), and lesser annual decline in LDL cholesterol (0.4-fold) (all P ≤ 0.0002). During this time, fasting glucose and triglycerides increased in women who developed GDM but decreased in their peers (both P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with GDM evolves over time in the years before pregnancy.
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Assisted Reproductive Technology (from a National Inpatient Sample Analysis 2008 to 2019).; Women who conceive through assisted reproductive technology (ART) have a known increased risk of obstetric complications. However, whether ART is also associated with higher risk of developing cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions has not been well established. We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2008 to 2019) and used the International Classification of Diseases codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and ART procedures. A total of 45,867,086 weighted delivery cases were identified, of which 0.24% were among women who conceived through ART (n = 108,542). Women with an ART history were older at the time of delivery (median 35 vs 28 years, p <0.01) and had a higher prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and dyslipidemia (all, p <0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, co-morbidities, multiple gestation, insurance, and income, ART remained an independent predictor of peripartum cardiovascular complications, including pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.45 to 1.51), heart failure (aOR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.40), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.39, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.48), compared with natural conception. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.25 to 2.92), ischemic stroke (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.43), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.11), pulmonary edema (aOR 2.29, 95% CI 2.02 to 2.61), and venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.92, 95% CI 1.63 to 2.25) were higher with ART. However, odds of developing peripartum cardiomyopathy or acute coronary syndrome were not associated with ART. Length of stay (3 vs 2 days, p <0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($5,903 vs $3,922, p <0.01) were higher for deliveries among women with a history of ART. In conclusion, women who conceived with ART had higher risk of pre-eclampsia, heart failure, arrhythmias, stroke, and other complications during their delivery hospitalizations. This may, in part, contribute to their increased resource utilization seen.
Thrombin/PAR-1 activation induces endothelial damages via NLRP1 inflammasome in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of progressing to type 2 DM and cardiovascular disease; however, the pathogenesis is still poorly understood. This study was to investigate roles of thrombin and its receptor protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR-1) and NLRP1 inflammasome in endothelial injury in GDM condition. Umbilical cord and plasma of GDM patients and high glucose (HG) cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were used to examine the pathological changes of these pathways. Meanwhile, ameliorative effects and potential mechanisms of a natural product sarsasapogenin (Sar) were investigated in HUVECs. Thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) axis, and the nucleotide-binding domain and leucine-rich repeat containing protein 1 (NLRP1) inflammasome were activated in GDM condition and HG-cultured HUVECs, accompanied by endothelial injury (decreased cell viability and increased lactate dehydrogenase release). Nevertheless, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism caused decreases in AGEs formation and RAGE expression in HG-cultured HUVECs, while AGEs inhibition or RAGE antagonism declined PAR-1 expression not thrombin activity. Furthermore, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism restrained NLRP1 inflammasome activation in HG-cultured HUVECs; meanwhile, NLRP1 expression and interleukin 18 levels were remarkably reduced in HG-cultured HUVECs after PAR-1 knockdown. Interestingly, Sar co-treatment could suppress thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, NLRP1 inflammasome, and AGEs/RAGE axis. Together, endothelial damages in GDM were likely due to enhanced interaction between AGEs/RAGE axis and thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, followed by NLRP1 inflammasome activation. Moreover, Sar may act as a protective agent against endothelial injury in chronic HG condition.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction is not associated with a history of reproductive risk factors in women with angina pectoris-An iPOWER substudy.; BACKGROUND: Reproductive risk factors such as preeclampsia and recurrent miscarriages have been associated with adverse cardiovascular (CV) events. Underlying coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) may be a common denominator. PURPOSE: We investigated whether a history of reproductive risk factors was associated with CMD in women with angina pectoris and no obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS: Participants from the iPOWER study, including women with angina pectoris and no obstructive CAD (<50% stenosis), were invited to complete an electronic survey regarding reproductive risk factors: recurrent miscarriages, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, rhesus immunity, polycystic ovary syndrome and menopausal status as well as migraine and Raynaud phenomenon. CMD was assessed by transthoracic Doppler echocardiography with measurement of coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) during high-dose dipyridamole infusion, and analyzed in three categories with cut-off points at 2.0 and 2.5. Associations between CFVR and a history of reproductive risk factors were examined by age-adjusted trend test. RESULTS: The questionnaire was completed by 613 women (73% of those invited), of whom 550 had a successful CFVR measurement. There was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between participants and non-participants. Median (interquartile range (IQR)) age was 62.8 (54.8; 68.7) years, median (IQR) BMI 26.2 (23.2; 29.8) kg/m(2), and 81.5% were postmenopausal. We did not find any significant associations between any of the reproductive risk factors, Raynaud's phenomenon or migraine and CFVR. CONCLUSION: The lack of association between coronary microvascular function and a history of reproductive risk factors, migraine and Raynaud's phenomenon suggests that a common vascular pathophysiological mechanism underlying these conditions is unlikely.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.; Although pregnancy events predict the long-term risk of chronic disease, little is known about their short-term impact because of the rarity of clinical events. We examined hospital discharge diagnoses linked to birth certificate data in the year following delivery for 849,639 births during 1995-2004 in New York City, New York. Adjusted odds ratios characterized the relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent hospitalization for cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. Gestational hypertension was related to heart failure (adjusted odds ratio = 2.6, 95% confidence interval: 1.5, 4.5). Preeclampsia was related to all of the outcomes considered except type 1 diabetes, with adjusted odds ratios ranging from 2.0 to 4.1. Gestational diabetes was strongly related to the risk of subsequent diabetes (for type 1 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 40.4, 95% confidence interval: 23.8, 68.5; for type 2 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 22.6, 95% confidence interval: 16.9, 30.4) but to no other outcomes. The relationship of pregnancy complications to future chronic disease is apparent as early as the year following delivery. Moreover, elucidating short-term clinical outcomes offers the potential for etiological insights into the relationship between pregnancy events and chronic disease over the life course.
A Common R219K Variant of ATP-Binding Cassette Transporter A1 Gene Alters Atherometabolic Traits in Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) has important roles in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) metabolism and reverse cholesterol transport, and is implicated in lipid-related disorders. Genetic variants are involved in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The objective of this study was to investigate the association of rs2230806 (R219K), a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the lipid-related gene, with the risk of GDM and related traits. METHODS: The SNP, rs2230806, was genotyped, and clinical and metabolic parameters were determined in 660 GDM patients and 1,097 control subjects. Genetic associations with related traits were also analyzed. RESULTS: The genotype distributions were similar in GDM patients and normal controls. However, significant differences in the variables examined in the study subjects were noted across the three genotypes. The genotype at the rs2230806 polymorphism was significantly associated with HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and atherogenic index (AI) values in GDM patients and total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels in control subjects. Subgroup analysis showed that the polymorphism was associated with diastolic blood pressure, in addition to HDL-C levels and AI, in overweight/obese GDM patients, while it was associated with TC levels, AI, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), and BMI at delivery in non-obese GDM patients. In addition, this polymorphism was associated with TC, LDL-C, and apoB levels in overweight/obese control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The rs2230806 polymorphism in the ABCA1 gene was associated with variations in atherometabolic traits in GDM patients, with characteristics of BMI dependency, but not with GDM. Our findings highlight a link between related phenotypes in women with GDM and genetic factors.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the value of computerized cardiotocography (cCTG) in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Purpose of study. We studied fetal heart rate (FHR) recordings from 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 60 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy and 100 normal pregnant controls. The results were compared among the groups and related to neonatal umbilical artery cord blood analysis at birth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Baseline FHR and the duration of episodes of low variation were significantly higher in diabetic than in controls and were negatively related to umbilical artery glycemia at birth, whereas the short-term variation in diabetics was significantly lower than in controls and was positively related to. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates that GDM does impact FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal wellbeing and correlate with neonatal reactivity. Only cCTG may allow to detect those slight but significant differences.
[Increased risk of type II diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review].; OBJECTIVE: To determine the long-term risk of developing type II diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) for women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. METHOD: Two search strategies were used in PubMed and Embase to determine the long-term risks of developing T2D and CVD after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. After critical appraisal of the papers found, 11 papers were included, involving a total of 328,423 patients. Absolute and relative risks (RRs) were calculated. RESULTS: Eight studies (n=276,829) reported on the long-term risk of T2D and 4 (n=141,048) on the long-term risk of CVD. Follow-up ranged from 3.5 to 11.5 years for T2D and from 1.2 to 74.0 years for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes had a risk of T2D varying between 9.5% and 37.0% and a risk of CVD of between 0.28% and 15.5%. Women with gestational diabetes were at increased risk of T2D (weighted RR: 13.2; 95% CI: 8.5-20.7) and CVD (weighted RR: 2.0; 95% CI: 1.1-3.7) compared to women without gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of developing T2D and CVD. It is very important that gestational diabetes is recognised as a cardiovascular risk factor in daily practice. It would be desirable to screen this group of women for the presence of hyperglycaemia and other cardiovascular risk factors. Further research is required to be able to specify the long-term risk of T2D and CVD and to demonstrate whether such screening is cost-effective.
Inadequate vitamin D status: does it contribute to the disorders comprising syndrome 'X'?; Environmental factors are important in the aetiology of glucose intolerance, type II diabetes and IHD. The lack of vitamin D, which is necessary for adequate insulin secretion, relates demographically to increased risk of myocardial infarction. These disorders are connected, degenerative vascular disease increasing with glucose intolerance and diabetes and, with its risk factors, comprising syndrome 'X'. Evidence is presented suggesting that vitamin D deficiency may be an avoidable risk factor for syndrome 'X', adding another preventative measure to current recommendations which are aimed at reducing the worldwide epidemic of these disorders. Experimentally, vitamin D deficiency progressively reduces insulin secretion; glucose intolerance follows and becomes irreversible. Relationships between vitamin D status, glucose tolerance and 30 min insulin secretion during oral glucose tolerance tests are reported in British Asians; insulin secretion, but not glycaemia, improving with short-term supplementation. Studies showing reduction in blood pressure and in risk of heart attack and diabetes with exercise (usually outdoor), rarely consider the role of vitamin D status. Glycaemia and insulin secretion in elderly European men, however, relate to vitamin D status, independent of season or physical activity. Prolonged supplementation can improve glycaemia. Hypertension improves with vitamin D treatment with or without initial deficiency. Vitamin D status and climate are reviewed as risk factors for myocardial infarction; the risk reducing with altitude despite increasing cold. Glycaemia and fibrinogenaemia improve with insulin secretion increases in summer. Variation in vitamin D requirements could arise from genetic differences in vitamin D processing since bone density can vary with vitamin D-receptor genotype. Vitamin D receptors are present in islet beta cells and we report insulin secretion in healthy Asians differing profoundly with the Apa I genotype, being independent of vitamin D status. Those at risk of vitamin D deficiency include the elderly, those living indoors or having a covered-up style of dress, especially dark-skinned immigrants, and pregnant women, and these are groups recognized as being at increased risk of diabetes.
Blunted Cardiac AMPK Response is Associated with Susceptibility to Ischemia/Reperfusion in Male Offspring of Gestational Diabetic Rats.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely associated with early perinatal complications and long-term health problems, such as cardiovascular disease, in offspring. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is cardioprotective, particularly in the treatment of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). However, whether GDM programs offspring susceptibility to cardiac I/R and the involvement of AMPK remain unclear. METHODS: Streptozotocin was administered to rats during mid pregnancy; the postpartum maternal metabolome was assessed by chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Male offspring were subjected to body composition scanning followed by ex vivo global I/R. Cardiac signaling was determined by Western blotting. RESULTS: The body weights (BWs) of the GDM male offspring were significantly heavier than those of the control group from the age of 8 weeks; the heart weights (HWs) and HW/BW were also increased in the GDM group compared to the control group. The ex vivo post-I/R cardiac contractile function recovery was significantly compromised in the GDM male offspring. The phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC was elevated by ex vivo I/R in both groups, but to a significantly lesser extent in the GDM group. CONCLUSION: GDM male offspring rats have higher risks of overgrowth and intolerance to cardiac I/R, which may be due to a compromised AMPK signaling pathway.
Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke in northern Queensland.; OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to review the occurrence, presentation, and associated risk factors of stroke in infants at a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit. STUDY DESIGN: Inpatient electronic records identified infants between March 2002 and March 2011 who had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. RESULTS: Ten infants had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke, 50% were outborn, 20% were indigenous, and mortality was 30%. Median birth weight was 2970 g (range 1699 to 3443 g), and median gestation was 36 weeks (range 32 to 41 weeks). Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke were left sided in three, right sided in three, and bilateral in four. Presentation included four with seizures, four with apnea/sepsis, one with thrombosis, and one without symptoms. In 4 of 10 cases reported in this series, there was a maternal history of gestational diabetes, although the incidence of gestational diabetes in Australia is only 4.5%. CONCLUSION: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in our cases appears to be very much higher than the average population. Larger studies are needed to determine if gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.
Perinatal bisphenol A exposure and adult glucose homeostasis: identifying critical windows of exposure.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a widespread endocrine-disrupting chemical used as the building block for polycarbonate plastics. Epidemiological evidence has correlated BPA exposure with higher risk of heart disease and type 2 diabetes. However, it remains unknown whether there are critical windows of susceptibility to BPA exposure on the development of dysglycemia. This study was an attempt to investigate the critical windows and the long-term consequences of perinatal exposure to BPA on glucose homeostasis. Pregnant mice were given either vehicle or BPA (100 µg/kg/day) at different time of perinatal stage: 1) on days 1-6 of pregnancy (P1-P6, preimplantation exposure); 2) from day 6 of pregnancy until postnatal day (PND) 0 (P6-PND0, fetal exposure); 3) from lactation until weaning (PND0-PND21, neonatal exposure); and 4) from day 6 of gestation until weaning (P6-PND21, fetal and neonatal exposure). At 3, 6 and 8 months of age, offspring in each group were challenged with glucose and insulin tolerance tests. Then islet morphometry and β-cell function were measured. The glucose homeostasis was impaired in P6-PND0 mice from 3 to 6 months of age, and this continued to 8 months in males, but not females. While in PND0-PND21 and P6-PND21 BPA-treated groups, only the 3-month-old male offspring developed glucose intolerance. Moreover, at the age of 3 months, perinatal exposure to BPA resulted in the increase of β-cell mass mainly due to the coordinate changes in cell replication, neogenesis, and apoptosis. The alterations of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity, rather than β-cell mass, were consistent with the development of glucose intolerance. Our findings suggest that BPA may contribute to metabolic disorders relevant to glucose homeostasis and the effects of BPA were dose, sex, and time-dependent. Fetal development stage may be the critical window of susceptibility to BPA exposure.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension in pregnancy: hemodynamics and diurnal arterial pressure profile.; We characterised the 24-h arterial pressure (AP) profile and the left ventricular (LV) structures and functions in pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thirty pregnant women after 20 weeks' gestation--(10 normotensive; 10 with PIH; and 10 with GDM)--were investigated haemodynamically using 24-h AP monitoring and Doppler echocardiography for determination of LV structures and functions, both systolic and diastolic. The PIH women had significantly higher AP determinations throughout the 24 h, with no change in the diurnal variation, ie, nocturnal decline and early morning peaks. The LV mass was greater in PIH and GDM than in the normotensive women, despite normal AP in GDM. The increased LV mass in GDM was mainly due to LV dilatation and not to increased thickness of its walls. In PIH, the increase in AP was due to peripheral vasoconstriction, while cardiac output was preserved. The LV systolic functions did not differ among the three groups. However, a slight reduction in the myocardial contractility was found in PIH and GDM. The LV relaxation was significantly impaired in both PIH and GDM. Thus, GDM and PIH, although differing in their 24-h AP profile, are characterised by LV hypertrophy and reduction in diastolic function.
[Clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcome of 14 pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease].; Objective: To summarize the clinical characters and pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Methods: A total of 14 pregnant women with pre-existing ASCVD admitted to Beijing Anzhen Hospital from October 2013 to May 2020 were enrolled as subjects, whose ASCVD disease status, clinical manifestations, treatment and pregnancy outcomes were collected and retrospectively analyzed. Results: The age of subjects at diagnosis of ASCVD was (31±7) years old. The main intervention before pregnancy was revascularization (10 cases), and the rest 4 cases were treated with medicine. The age of subjects at pregnancy was (36±5) years old. A total of 12 cases had risk factors of ASCVD. In early stages of pregnancy, there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 with cardiac function level Ⅳ. Abnormal ventricular wall motion and ventricular aneurysm formation were determined in 3 cases by echocardiography, one of which was complicated with moderate left ventricular ejection fraction impairment. Abnormal ST segment in 4 cases and sinus tachycardia in 1 case were found by electrocardiogram. Troponin (TNI) increased in 1 case. The serum low density lipoprotein cholesterol level (LDL-C) of these pregnant women at early stages of pregnancy was (2.3±1.0) mmol/L. A total of 9 pregnant women entered later stages of pregnancy, 1 of whom had chest tightness after slight activity. There were 4 cases with excessive weight gain and 2 cases with insufficient weight gain during pregnancy, and there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 case with mild impaired left heart function. The average level of LDL-C was (2.6±0.6) mmol/L in 5 pregnant women at their later stages of pregnancy. The main treat measures included anti-platelet therapy (aspirin, 75-100 mg/d) and healthy lifestyle interventions. Five pregnant women terminated their pregnancy at the early stage of pregnancy, and 9 full-term pregnant women underwent hysterotomy with intraoperative blood loss of 180-800 ml. Adverse cardiac events occurred in 2 cases and gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 3 cases during pregnancy, among which 2 cases were complicated with chronic hypertension and preeclampsia. The weight of 9 live newborns was (3 102±647) g, among which 2 were smaller than gestational age and 1 was of low birth weight. Conclusions: Women with established ASCVD before preynancy have risk of adverse cardiac events in pregnancy. Strengthening the management of high risk factors in pregnancy is conducive to achieving a good pregnancy outcome.
[Left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Forty newborn infants of mother with GDM (GDM group) and forty normal newborn infants (control group) were enrolled in this study. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging was used to measure interventricular septal thickness, posterior left ventricular wall thickness and left ventricular ejection fraction in both groups. Left ventricular rotation and torsion were evaluated for all participants. RESULTS: Interventricular septal thickness in the GDM group was much higher than in the control group (0.45±0.06 mm vs 0.34±0.05 mm; P<0.05). Posterior left ventricular wall thickness in the GDM group was also higher than in the control group (0.45±0.17 mm vs 0.31±0.02 mm; P<0.05). There was no difference in the left ventricular ejection fraction between the two groups (P>0.05). Peak subendocardial rotation, peak subepicardial rotation, peak bulk rotation and peak mural torsion were higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Cardiac function may be impaired in newborn infants of mothers with GDM, with changes in left ventricular shape and abnormalities of left ventricular rotation and torsion. However, infants have a normal ventricular blood ejection under the cardiac compensation. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging technique can be used for early detection of left ventricular function.
How pregnant women with diabetes experience telemonitoring of the fetal heart rate - An interview study.; OBJECTIVES: The use of telemonitoring in healthcare is generally increasing. Women with complicated pregnancies are using telemonitoring as an alternative to conventional management, encompassing hospitalization or frequent outpatient clinic visits. However, there is sparse evidence on how pregnant women experience monitoring of their unborn babies at home. Women might feel uncomfortable with this responsibility, and moreover they might miss face-to-face contact with healthcare personnel. STUDY DESIGN: The study setting was a Danish hospital with a tertiary obstetric unit attending approximately 3400 births annually. A qualitative study design with interview as method included 11 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. This design was used to investigate how pregnant women with complicated pregnancies experienced telemonitoring of the fetus. Reflexive thematic analysis was used to analyze the pregnant women's experiences of telemonitoring. RESULTS: Women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus found the advantages of telemonitoring to outweigh the disadvantages. They experienced telemonitoring as time-saving and that telemonitoring decreased the level of stress. Moreover, telemonitoring supports positive collaboration with healthcare professionals. The women also experienced a lack of coordination of consultations between different departments at the hospital and challenges with timing, feedback, and technical issues. Moreover, the women requested an opportunity to discuss family formation and emotions. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus benefit from the use of telemonitoring. To further improve the implementation and use of telemonitoring clinical implications, consider how timing and coordination of care, technical equipment, and feedback mechanisms could be improved.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension, but not gestational diabetes mellitus, is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to identify the association of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective study of 57,009 pregnancies during 2002-2008 at Cheil General Hospital, Kwandong University. The diagnosis of VTE {deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (PE)} was based on clot visualization via ultrasound or computed tomography. RESULTS: In total, 27 cases (PE, 20 cases) were detected. The incidence of VTE was 0.47 per 1,000 pregnancies. To determine risk factors associated with pregnancy-induced VTE, univariate analysis using a chi-square test was performed. Cesarean (C)-section, multiple pregnancy, PIH, placenta previa, and assisted reproduction technique (ART) were statistically significant compared to the controls (all, p=0.000). However, age, premature rupture of membrane, and GDM were not statistically related to VTE. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios for the risk factors. Placenta previa showed a 12.6-fold higher risk, while PIH had a 9.8-fold higher risk for the occurrence of VTE. C-section and ART procedures increased the risk of VTE by 4.2 times compared to that of the controls. CONCLUSION: Placenta previa and PIH were significant risk factors for VTE, whereas the known traditional risk factors of increased age and GDM were not found to be associated with VTE.
History of gestational diabetes mellitus and future risk of atherosclerosis in mid-life: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study.; BACKGROUND: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes (DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which increase risk of cardiovascular disease. It is unclear, however, whether GDM increases risk of early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity and subsequent metabolic disease. METHODS AND RESULTS: Of 2787 women (18 to 30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, we studied 898 (47% black) who were free of DM and heart disease at baseline (1985-1986), delivered ≥1 post-baseline births, reported GDM history, and had common carotid intima media thickness (ccIMT, mm) measured in 2005-2006. We used multivariable linear regression to assess associations between GDM and ccIMT adjusted for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors. We assessed mediators (weight gain, insulin resistance, blood pressure), and effect modification by incident DM or MetS during the 20-year period. Of the 898 women, 119 (13%) reported GDM (7.6 per 100 deliveries). Average age was 31 at last birth and 44 at ccIMT measurement for GDM and non-GDM groups. Unadjusted mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM than non-GDM groups (P=0.029), but pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated the difference to 0.016 mm (P=0.109). In 777 women without subsequent DM or the MetS, mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM versus non-GDM groups controlling for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy BMI (0.784 versus 0.761, P=0.039). Addition of pre-pregnancy insulin resistance index had minimal impact on adjusted mean net ccIMT difference (0.22 mm). Mean ccIMT did not differ by GDM status among 121 women who developed DM or the MetS (P=0.58). CONCLUSIONS: History of GDM may be a marker for early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity among women who have not developed type 2 diabetes or the metabolic syndrome.
Maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.; Offspring of diabetic pregnancies are at risk of cardiovascular disease at birth and throughout life, purportedly through fuel-mediated influences on the developing heart. Preventative measures focus on glycemic control, but the contribution of additional offenders, including lipids, is not understood. Cellular bioenergetics can be influenced by both diabetes and hyperlipidemia and play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of adult cardiovascular disease. This study investigated whether a maternal high-fat diet, independently or additively with diabetes, could impair fuel metabolism, mitochondrial function, and cardiac physiology in the developing offspring's heart. Sprague-Dawley rats fed a control or high-fat diet were administered placebo or streptozotocin to induce diabetes during pregnancy and then delivered offspring from four groups: control, diabetes exposed, diet exposed, and combination exposed. Cardiac function, cellular bioenergetics (mitochondrial stress test, glycolytic stress test, and palmitate oxidation assay), lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial histology, and copy number were determined. Diabetes-exposed offspring had impaired glycolytic and respiratory capacity and a reduced proton leak. High-fat diet-exposed offspring had increased mitochondrial copy number, increased lipid peroxidation, and evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction. Combination-exposed pups were most severely affected and demonstrated cardiac lipid droplet accumulation and diastolic/systolic cardiac dysfunction that mimics that of adult diabetic cardiomyopathy. This study is the first to demonstrate that a maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through metabolic stress and serves as a critical step in understanding the role of cellular bioenergetics in developmentally programmed cardiac disease.
Prevalence of glucose intolerance and metabolic syndrome within one year following delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at risk for development of both overt Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) at higher rates and at earlier ages than control women. Current guidelines recommend longitudinal testing of glucose tolerance for women with prior GDM, but no formal assessments of cardiovascular disease are suggested. This study estimated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women with GDM in recent pregnancy who were followed for at least 1 year postpartum to quantify their cardiovascular risks. METHODS: This is a retrospective study of women who were diagnosed with GDM in a public hospital and followed for at least 1 year after delivery and who had tests performed at a minimum 4-12 weeks postpartum and 6 and 12 months postpartum. Primary outcomes were prevalence of glucose tolerance abnormalities and metabolic syndrome (MetS) defined by two prevailing sets of diagnostic criteria. RESULTS: One hundred fifty-one indigent, primarily Latina women who had been diagnosed in their last pregnancy with GDM comprised the study population. At the first visit postpartum, 4.7% were found to have overt diabetes and between 24 and 31% met the criteria for MetS. By the end of 12 months, another 14.5% were diagnosed with overt diabetes, and 38.5% had prediabetes. An additional 12-25% of the woman who had not had MetS at baseline developed MetS by the end of the 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Given the high prevalence of MetS among women with recent history of GDM immediately postpartum and its rapid development in the following year, further research is needed to enable the development of practice guidelines that will define appropriate short and long-term evaluations needed to assess risk for cardiovascular disease in these women.
Presentation, Clinical Profile, and Prognosis of Young Patients With Myocardial Infarction With Nonobstructive Coronary Arteries (MINOCA): Results From the VIRGO Study.; BACKGROUND: We compared the clinical characteristics and outcomes of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) versus obstructive disease (myocardial infarction due to coronary artery disease [MI-CAD]) and among patients with MINOCA by sex and subtype. METHODS AND RESULTS: Between 2008 and 2012, VIRGO (Variation in Recovery: Role of Gender on Outcomes of Young AMI Patients) prospectively enrolled acute myocardial infarction patients aged 18 to 55 years in 103 hospitals at a 2:1 ratio of women to men. Using an angiographically driven taxonomy, we defined patients as having MI-CAD if there was revascularization or plaque ≥50% and as having MINOCA if there was <50% obstruction or a nonplaque mechanism. Patients who did not have an angiogram or who received thrombolytics before an angiogram were excluded. Outcomes included 1- and 12-month mortality and functional (Seattle Angina Questionnaire [SAQ]) and psychosocial status. Of 2690 patients undergoing angiography, 2374 (88.4%) had MI-CAD, 299 (11.1%) had MINOCA, and 17 (0.6%) remained unclassified. Women had 5 times higher odds of having MINOCA than men (14.9% versus 3.5%; odds ratio: 4.84; 95% confidence interval, 3.29-7.13). MINOCA patients were more likely to be without traditional cardiac risk factors (8.7% versus 1.3%; P<0.001) but more predisposed to hypercoaguable states than MI-CAD patients (3.0% versus 1.3%; P=0.036). Women with MI-CAD were more likely than those with MINOCA to be menopausal (55.2% versus 41.2%; P<0.001) or to have a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (16.8% versus 11.0%; P=0.028). The MINOCA mechanisms varied: a nonplaque mechanism was identified for 75 patients (25.1%), and their clinical profiles and management also varied. One- and 12-month mortality with MINOCA and MI-CAD was similar (1-month: 1.1% and 1.7% [P=0.43]; 12-month: 0.6% and 2.3% [P=0.68], respectively), as was adjusted 12-month SAQ quality of life (76.5 versus 73.5, respectively; P=0.06). CONCLUSIONS: Young patients with MINOCA were more likely women, had a heterogeneous mechanistic profile, and had clinical outcomes that were comparable to those of MI-CAD patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00597922.
Underestimating risk in women delays diagnosis of CVD.; CVD remains the most common cause of mortality in women. In 2007, the annual mortality in women secondary to CAD was 4.7 times that of breast cancer. Around 2.8 million women are living with CVD in the UK. There has been an increase in the prevalence of MI in women aged 35 to 54, while a decline in prevalence was observed in age-matched men. Difficulty in evaluating symptoms of ischaemic heart disease in women is well documented and remains challenging because of their atypical nature. The main gender difference is that women tend to present less frequently with exertional symptoms of chest pain before an AMI. Although men and women share classic cardiovascular risk factors the relative importance of each risk factor may be gender specific. The impact of smoking is greater in women than men, especially in those under 50. Diabetes is a more potent risk factor for fatal CHD in women than men. Risk factors specific to women include postmenopausal status, hysterectomy and complications during pregnancy. Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus or pre-eclampsia more than double their risk of CVD later in life. Transition to the menopause is associated with a worsening CHD risk profile. After the menopause women may experience an increase in weight, alteration in fat distribution and an increase in other CVD risk factors such as diabetes and a more adverse lipid profile. Pharmacological stress testing is preferred for diagnosing CAD in females with lower exercise capacity. Stress cardiomyopathy is triggered by intense, unexpected emotional or physical stress and is characterised by transient apical systolic dysfunction or ballooning of the left ventricle. The syndrome predominantly affects postmenopausal women. Women presenting with STEMI have worse outcomes compared with men. However, in those presenting with NSTEMI there were no differences in outcomes.
Intake of different types of seafood and meat and risk of type 2 diabetes in women: a prospective study supported by a dietary intervention in mice.; Detailed knowledge regarding the associations between intake of different types of seafood and meat and the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D), and insight into possible mechanisms are warranted. In this study we aimed to evaluate the associations between intake of different types of seafood and meat and the subsequent risk of T2D using the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study (MoBa), and furthermore, by using a mouse model to gain further insight into possible molecular mechanisms contributing to the associated metabolic changes. Women in MoBa who were free of pharmacologically treated diabetes at baseline (n = 60,777) were prospectively evaluated for incident T2D, identified on the basis of medication usages > 90 days after delivery, ascertained by the Norwegian Prescription Database. Dietary intake was obtained with a validated 255-item food frequency questionnaire which assessed habitual diet during the first 4-5 months of pregnancy. Metabolic phenotypes and plasma metabolome were investigated in female mice fed isocaloric diets with different types of seafood and meat mimicking the dietary intake in the human cohort. During maximum 10-year and mean (SD) 7.2 (1.6) years follow-up time, 681 (1.1%) women developed pharmacologically treated T2D. All statistical models identified a higher risk of T2D with increased shellfish intake, whereas no associations were observed for total seafood, fatty fish, total meat and red meat in the adjusted models. In mice, the shellfish-based western diet induced reduced glucose tolerance and insulin secretion compared to the diet based on lean fish, and we identified a number of metabolites elevated in plasma from shellfish-fed mice that correlated with glucose intolerance. Mice fed a western diet based on meat also exhibited reduced glucose tolerance in comparison to lean fish fed mice, whereas mice fed fatty fish, total seafood or red meat did not differ from lean fish fed mice. We observed a diet-specific metabolic signature in plasma demonstrating five distinct metabolite profiles in mice fed shellfish, fatty fish, total seafood/lean fish, a mixed diet and meat. In conclusion, these findings demonstrate that different types of seafood have different outcome on T2D risk. In women, intake of shellfish was associated with higher risk of T2D. In female mice, a shellfish enriched diet reduced glucose tolerance and altered the abundance of several distinct plasma metabolites correlating with glucose tolerance.
Up-regulation of BRD4 contributes to gestational diabetes mellitus-induced cardiac hypertrophy in offspring by promoting mitochondria dysfunction in sex-independent manner.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular disease in postnatal life. The current study tested the hypothesis that GDM caused the cardiac hypertrophy in fetal (ED18.5), postnatal day 7 (PD7), postnatal day 21 (PD21) and postnatal day 90 (PD90) offspring by upregulation of BRD4 and mitochondrial dysfunction. Pregnant mice were divided into control and GDM groups. Hearts were isolated from ED18.5, PD7, PD21 and PD90. GDM increased the body weight (BW) and heart weight (HW) in ED18.5 and PD7, but not PD21 and PD90 offspring. However, HW/BW ratio was increased in all ages of GDM offspring compared to control group. Electron microscopy showed disorganized myofibrils, mitochondrial swelling, vacuolization, and cristae disorder in GDM offspring. GDM resulted in myocardial hypertrophy in offspring, which persisted from fetus to adult in a sex-independent manner. Echocardiography analysis revealed that GDM caused diastolic dysfunction, but had no effect on systolic function. Meanwhile, myocardial BRD4 was significantly upregulated in GDM offspring and BRD4 inhibition by JQ1 alleviated GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in offspring. Co-immunoprecipitation showed that BRD4 interacted with DRP1 and there was an increase of BRD4 and DRP1 interaction in GDM offspring. Furthermore, GDM caused the accumulation of damaged mitochondria in hearts from all ages of offspring, including mitochondrial fusion fission imbalance (upregulation of DRP1, and downregulation of MFN1, MFN2 and OPA1) and myocardial mitochondrial ROS accumulation, which was reversed by JQ1. These results suggested that the upregulation of BRD4 is involved in GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in the offspring through promoting mitochondrial damage in a gender-independent manner.
Substantially Altered Expression Profile of Diabetes/Cardiovascular/Cerebrovascular Disease Associated microRNAs in Children Descending from Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-One of Several Possible Reasons for an Increased Cardiovascular Risk.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the major pregnancy-related complications, characterized as a transitory form of diabetes induced by insulin resistance accompanied by a low/absent pancreatic beta-cell compensatory adaptation to the increased insulin demand, causes the acute, long-term, and transgenerational health complications. The aim of the study was to assess if alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases are present in whole peripheral blood of children aged 3-11 years descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. A substantially altered microRNA expression profile was found in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. Almost all microRNAs with the exception of miR-92a-3p, miR-155-5p, and miR-210-3p were upregulated. The microRNA expression profile also differed between children after normal and GDM complicated pregnancies in relation to the presence of overweight/obesity, prehypertension/hypertension, and/or valve problems and heart defects. Always, screening based on the combination of microRNAs was superior over using individual microRNAs, since at 10.0% false positive rate it was able to identify a large proportion of children with an aberrant microRNA expression profile (88.14% regardless of clinical findings, 75.41% with normal clinical findings, and 96.49% with abnormal clinical findings). In addition, the higher incidence of valve problems and heart defects was found in children with a prior exposure to GDM. The extensive file of predicted targets of all microRNAs aberrantly expressed in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies indicates that a large group of these genes is involved in ontologies of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In general, children with a prior exposure to GDM are at higher risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases, and would benefit from dispensarisation as well as implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Study of Regional Left Ventricular Longitudinal Function in Fetuses with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Velocity Vector Imaging.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical value of velocity vector imaging in the assessment of regional left ventricular longitudinal function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Digital dynamic four-chamber views of 98 fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus and 135 normal fetuses were collected and analyzed using velocity vector imaging. The regional tissue velocity, strain, and strain rate of the interventricular septum and left lateral wall were separately measured in systole and diastole. RESULTS: A total of 207 of 233 cases were analyzed successfully. Vs (systolic velocity) and Vd (diastolic velocity) were age-dependent and gradually decreased from the basal segment to the apical segment in the left ventricle (P < 0.05). The Vs after 32(+0) weeks, Vd after 28(+0) weeks, and S (strain), SRs (systolic strain rate), and SRd (diastolic strain rate) after 24(+0) weeks in the left ventricle of fetuses with GDM were obviously lower than the corresponding parameters of normal fetuses (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: VVI can evaluate the fetal regional left ventricular longitudinal function.
The association of adverse pregnancy events and cardiovascular disease in women 50 years of age and older.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigates the association between a prior history of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) among Kentucky women aged ≥50 years. METHODS: Data were analyzed from participants (n = 3909) in the Kentucky Women's Health Registry (2006-2008). Primary outcomes were self-reported prevalence of CVD, including angina, heart attack, heart failure, and arrhythmia. Pregnancy complications used as predictors were preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and third trimester bleeding. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to determine associations between prevalence of CVD and pregnancy complications, controlling for age, education, and smoking status. RESULTS: Overall, 199 (5.1%) women reported angina, 79 (2.0%) reported heart attack, 44 (1.1%) reported heart failure, and 642 (16.4%) reported arrhythmia. One pregnancy complication was reported by 614 (15.7%) women, and two or more complications were reported by 130 (3.3%) women. In regression models adjusting for age, education, and smoking, compared to women who were never pregnant, women with no pregnancy complications had a similar risk of reporting heart attack (odds ratio [OR] 1.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.5-2.7), but women with one pregnancy complication (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.03-6.0) and two or more complications (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.4-10.6) had an increased risk. Similar results were seen for angina and arrhythmia, but not heart failure. CONCLUSIONS: Women who experience pregnancy complications are more likely to report prevalent CVD (including angina, heart attack, and arrhythmia), suggesting a link between adverse pregnancy events and CVD. Pregnancy complications may serve as signals for future CVD, presenting an opportunity for early intervention and prevention.
Risk factors for hyperglycemia in pregnancy in the DALI study differ by period of pregnancy and OGTT time point.; OBJECTIVE: Risk factors are widely used to identify women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without clear distinction by pregnancy period or oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) time points. We aimed to assess the clinical risk factors for Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HiP) differentiating by these two aspects. DESIGN AND METHODS: Nine hundred seventy-one overweight/obese pregnant women, enrolled in the DALI study for preventing GDM. OGTTs were performed at ≤19 + 6, 24-28 and 35-37 weeks (IADPSG/WHO2013 criteria). Women with GDM or overt diabetes at one time point did not proceed to further OGTTs. Potential independent variables included baseline maternal and current pregnancy characteristics. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes were at ≤19 + 6 weeks, previous abnormal glucose tolerance (odds ratio (OR): 3.11; 95% CI: 1.41-6.85), previous GDM (OR: 2.22; 95% CI: 1.20-4.11), neck circumference (NC) (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.06-2.36 for the upper tertile), resting heart rate (RHR, OR: 1.99; 95% CI: 1.31-3.00 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 24-28 weeks, previous stillbirth (OR: 2.92; 95% CI: 1.18-7.22), RHR (OR: 3.32; 95% CI: 1.70-6.49 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 35-37 weeks, maternal height (OR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.20-0.87 for upper tertile). Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes differed by OGTT time point (e.g. at ≤19 + 6 weeks, NC was associated with abnormal fasting but not postchallenge glucose). CONCLUSION: In this population, most clinical characteristics associated with GDM/overt diabetes were non-modifiable and differed by pregnancy period and OGTT time point. The identified risk factors can help define the target population for future intervention trials.
Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women commonly receive screening for gestational diabetes mellitus by use of a 50 g glucose challenge test, followed by a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test for those whose glucose challenge test result is abnormal. Although women with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, it is not known whether mild glucose intolerance during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular disease. Thus, we sought to determine whether pregnant women with an abnormal glucose challenge test result but without gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study that included all women in Ontario aged 20-49 years with live deliveries between April 1994 and March 1998. We excluded women with pregestational diabetes. The population was stratified into 3 cohorts: women with gestational diabetes (n = 13,888); women who received an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of an abnormal result of the glucose challenge test) but who did not have gestational diabetes (n = 71,831); and women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of a normal result of the glucose challenge test) (n = 349,977). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (admission to hospital for acute myocardial infarction, coronary bypass, coronary angioplasty, stroke or carotid endarterectomy). RESULTS: Compared with women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test, women with gestational diabetes and women who received an oral glucose tolerance test but did not have gestational diabetes had a higher risk of cardiovascular disease over 12.3 years of median follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for women with gestational diabetes 1.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30-2.13, p < 0.001; adjusted HR for those with an oral glucose test but not gestational diabetes 1.19, 95% CI 1.02-1.39, p = 0.03). INTERPRETATION: Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
The early origins of later obesity: pathways and mechanisms.; Excess bodyweight is the sixth most important risk factor contributing to the overall burden of disease worldwide. In excess of a billion adults and 10% of all children are now classified as overweight or obese. The main adverse consequences of obesity are the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and a diminished average life expectancy. It has been argued that the complex pathological processes underlying obesity reflect environmental and genetic interactions, and individuals from disadvantaged communities seem to have greater risks than more affluent individuals partly because of fetal and postnatal programming interactions. Abundant evidence indicates that the obesity epidemic reflects progressive secular and age-related decreases in physical activity, together with passive over-consumption of energy dense foods despite neurobiological processes designed to regulate energy balance. The difficulty in treating obesity, however, highlights the deficits in our current understanding of the pathophysiology which underlies the initiation and chronic nature of this disorder. Large population based studies in Europe and North America in healthy women and in women with gestational diabetes have demonstrated that there are clear relationships between maternal and fetal nutrient supply, fetal growth patterns and the subsequent risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in childhood and adult life. In this review we discuss the impact of fetal nutrition on the biology of the developing adipocyte and brain and the growing evidence base supporting an intergenerational cycle of obesity.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-A birth cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. RESULTS: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m(2) vs 26.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
Carotid intima media thickness, brachial flow mediated dilation and previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy condition with long-term complications. We examined the association between inflammatory mediators and early atherosclerosis process by measuring the flow mediated dilatation (FMD) of brachial artery and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) in women with previous GDM (pGDM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Women with and without pGDM with an average of 4 years following the indexed pregnancy, participated in this study. Serum levels of IL-6, hs-CRP, adiponectin, homocystein and other biomedical parameters were measured. The existence of early atherogenesis process was evaluated by measuring CIMT and FMD. RESULTS: HOMA-IR and insulin were significantly higher in women with pGDM. Women with pGDM had slightly higher CIMT and significantly lower percent of brachial FMD. FMD and CIMT, adjusted for age and blood pressure, showed the same pattern. FMD showed no correlation with biochemical or inflammatory markers. CONCLUSION: Follow-up of this group of women, who are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, with FMD should be considered.
Susceptibility to development of central adiposity among populations.; There is good evidence that central (visceral) adiposity is important in the development of the insulin resistance or metabolic syndrome (obesity, hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, hypertension, and coronary heart disease). It is proposed that some non-Caucasian populations are especially susceptible to development of this syndrome, and that lifestyle changes may play important etiologic roles. We postulate that this is due to the presence in these populations of a genetic predisposition to weight gain, perhaps related to a "thrifty" genotype, leading to the concentration of weight gain in visceral fat depots, when there is exposure to conditions associated with westernization.
Characterization of fetal cardiac structure and function detected by echocardiography in women with normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancy and in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using echocardiography measurements. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 169 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and in 92 complicated by GDM. Maternal glycemic control was deemed adequate in 75 women and inadequate in 17. Fetal two-dimensional ultrasound, pulsed wave Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were used to assess cardiac walls thickness and cardiac function, both systolic [with ejection fraction (EF)] and diastolic [using early diastolic peak flow velocity (E)/late peak of diastolic velocity (A) and early diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea)/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Aa) ratios]. RESULTS: In normal pregnancies, fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum thickness increased progressively with advancing gestation and were significantly thicker in the presence of GDM (P < 0.001) independently of maternal glycemic control. Fetal cardiac systolic function indicated by EF did not change during normal pregnancy, but was significantly increased (P < 0.001) in the presence of GDM independently of maternal glycemic control. Both pulsed wave Doppler and TDI indicators of fetal diastolic cardiac function increased during normal pregnancy, reaching a maximum at 36 to 40 weeks of gestation (P < 0.001). The presence of GDM did not affect pulsed wave Doppler indicators of diastolic function [ratio of early/late diastolic peak flow velocity (E/A ratio)], whereas TDI indices [ratio of early/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea/Aa ratio)] were significantly lower after adjustment for gestational age and estimated fetal weight (EFW); and such changes were independent of maternal diabetic control (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Fetal cardiac wall thickness, cardiac systolic and diastolic functions are affected by GDM independently of glycemic control.
Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with developing type 2 diabetes, but very few studies have examined its effect on developing cardiovascular disease. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. From 1 February 1990 to 15 May 2016, 9,118 women diagnosed with GDM were identified and randomly matched with 37,281 control women by age and timing of pregnancy (up to 3 months). Adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease. Women with GDM were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (IRR = 21.96; 95% CI 18.31-26.34) and hypertension (IRR = 1.85; 95% CI 1.59-2.16) after adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, body mass index, and smoking. For ischemic heart disease (IHD), the IRR was 2.78 (95% CI 1.37-5.66), and for cerebrovascular disease 0.95 (95% CI 0.51-1.77; p-value = 0.87), after adjusting for the above covariates and lipid-lowering medication and hypertension at baseline. Follow-up screening for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors was poor. Limitations include potential selective documentation of severe GDM for women in primary care, higher surveillance for outcomes in women diagnosed with GDM than control women, and a short median follow-up postpartum period, with a small number of outcomes for IHD and cerebrovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed with GDM were at very high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and had a significantly increased incidence of hypertension and IHD. Identifying this group of women in general practice and targeting cardiovascular risk factors could improve long-term outcomes.
High Plasmatic Levels of Advanced Glycation End Products are Associated with Metabolic Alterations and Insulin Resistance in Preeclamptic Women.; AIMS: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between plasmatic levels of advanced end glycation products (AGEs) and the metabolic profile in subjects diagnosed with preeclampsia, due to the known relation of these molecules with oxidative stress and inflammation, which in turn are related with PE pathogenesis. BACKGROUND: It has been reported that increased levels of AGEs are observed in patients with preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects, which was mainly associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. Besides, in women with preeclampsia, there are metabolic changes such as hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, among others, that are associated with an exacerbated insulin resistance. Additionally, some parameters indicate the alteration of hepatic function, such as increased levels of liver enzymes. However, the relationship of levels of AGEs with altered lipidic, hepatic, and glucose metabolism parameters in preeclampsia has not been evaluated. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between plasmatic levels of AGEs and hepatic, lipid, and metabolic profiles in women diagnosed with preeclampsia. METHODS: Plasma levels of AGEs were determined by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 15 patients diagnosed with preeclampsia and 28 normoevolutive pregnant subjects (control group). Hepatic (serum creatinine, gammaglutamyl transpeptidase, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, uric acid, and lactate dehydrogenase), lipid (apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoproteins, and high-density lipoproteins), and metabolic variables (glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance) were assessed. RESULTS: Plasmatic levels of AGEs were significantly higher in patients with preeclampsia as compared with the control. A positive correlation between circulating levels of AGEs and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, uric acid, glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR levels was found in patients with preeclampsia. In conclusion, circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, variables of hepatic and metabolic profile, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: Circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, hepatic and metabolic profiles, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance, suggesting that excessive glycation and an impaired metabolic profile contribute to the physiopathology of preeclampsia.
Noncontraceptive estrogen use and cardiovascular disease.; To summarize, estrogens have powerful effects on certain biologic parameters, the alteration of which could influence cardiovascular disease risk. Estrogens have long been known to influence lipid and lipoprotein levels by decreasing LDL (the atherogenic lipoprotein) and by increasing HDL (the protective lipoprotein). THese lipid alterations could favorably influence the risk of cardiovascular disease. Estrogens also temporarily increase glucose intolerance and lower fasting glucose levels; although the former event could adversely affect cardiovascular disease risk, the clinical significance of increased glucose intolerance with low fasting levels has not been determined. There is no consistent evidence that menopausal estrogens adversely affect coagulation or blood pressure levels, although both of these parameters could be affected in selected individuals. Overall, the estrogenic effects on lipid/lipoprotein levels appear to be the most consistent and the most powerful; given this assumption, estrogens should protect against cardiovascular disease. There is another interpretation of the biologic effect of estrogens on cardiovascular risk. It is possible that estrogens may increase the risk of a thromboembolic event due to an adverse influence on coagulation parameters and, at the same time, decrease the risk of an atherogenic event (via favorably altered lipid/lipoprotein levels). This proposed dual action of estrogens may explain the apparently conflicting results of increased risks of thromboembolism and decreased risks of atherosclerosis or myocardial infarction in men treated with high doses of estrogen (36, 196, 197). In women, there is some suggestion that (low-dose) postmenopausal estrogens may increase the risk of thromboembolism (79, 204), although the majority of studies report no such increase. The difference in risk of thromboembolism between men and women using estrogens may be due to several factors. First, the dose (potency) of the estrogen used by men is usually higher than that used by postmenopausal women, and the risk of estrogen-induced thrombus formation may be dose-dependent. Second, men tend to have more atherosclerotic lesions than women and thus would have more substrate available for thrombus formation. (This hypothesis is supported by the observation that the increased risk of thromboembolism was evident in men using estrogens for the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease.) Indirect evidence supporting the hypothesis that endogenous estrogen levels are protective against cardiovascular disease is most consistent for women.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Elevated plasma soluble (pro)renin receptor levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and renal function in chronic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction.; Soluble (pro)renin receptor [s(P)RR], which is generated from cleavage of (P)RR, can be detected in plasma and urine. s(P)RR levels can reflect the severity of some diseases, such as renal lesions, gestational diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. However, the relationship between s(P)RR levels and the severity of chronic heart failure remains undetermined. We studied s(P)RR levels in 118 patients with chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), including 86 without renal dysfunction (HF) and 32 with renal dysfunction (HF + RF), and 28 healthy subjects (HS) to reveal the relationship between s(P)RR levels and other HFrEF parameters. Plasma s(P)RR levels were 22.2 ± 4.1 ng/mL (HS), 26.4 ± 5.3 ng/ mL (HF) and 30.0 ± 5.3 ng/mL (HF + RF). Plasma s(P)RR levels were significantly higher in the HF group than in the HS group (P < 0.001) and even more increased in the HF + RF group (P < 0.001 vs. the HS group and P < 0.05 vs. the HF group). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were independently related to s(P)RR levels in HFrEF patients. In conclusion, high plasma s(P)RR levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and, especially, with renal dysfunction. Therefore, s(P)RR is a promising evaluative indicator for the severity of HFrEF patients.
The importance of catch-up growth after early malnutrition for the programming of obesity in male rat.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether catch-up growth after maternal malnutrition would favor the development of obesity in adulthood. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Pregnant rats were submitted to protein or calorie restriction during the course of gestation. During lactation, pups were protein-restricted, normally fed, or overfed [reduced litter size, control (C) diet]. At weaning, rats were transferred to chow or to a hypercaloric diet (HCD) known to induce obesity. Body weight, food intake, blood parameters, glucose tolerance, adipocyte cellularity, and adipose factors contributing to cardiovascular disease development were measured. RESULTS: Protein and calorie restriction during gestation led to growth retardation at birth. If malnutrition was prolonged throughout lactation, adult body weight was permanently reduced. However, growth-retarded offspring overfed during the suckling period underwent a rapid catch-up growth and became heavier than the normally fed Cs. Offspring of calorie-restricted rats gained more weight than those of dams fed protein-restricted diet. Feeding an HCD postnatally amplified the effect of calorie restriction, and offspring that underwent catch-up growth became more obese than Cs. The HCD was associated with hyperphagia, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, and adipocyte hypertrophy. The magnitude of effects varied depending on the type and the timing of early malnutrition. The expression of genes encoding factors implicated in cardiovascular disease was also modulated differently by early malnutrition and adult obesity. DISCUSSION: Catch-up growth immediately after early malnutrition should be a key point for the programming of obesity.
Association of serum amyloid A with subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes.; The aim of our study was to evaluate serum amyloid A (SAA), an acute phase reactant, and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) as a valid predictor of atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Serum samples from 39 pregnant women with GDM and 25 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of SAA. CIMT was measured in both groups to evaluate future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. The SAA level was measured with ELISA. The mean arterial blood pressure (MABP), CIMT and SAA levels were significantly higher in women with GDM compared with healthy pregnant controls (p = 0.033, p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). There were significant correlations between SAA and age, BMI, MABP, 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and A1c (p = 0.048, p = 0.037, p = 0.035, p = 0.042 and p = 0.048, respectively) and between CIMT and BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT, (p = 0.001, p = 0.004 and p < 0.001, respectively) in correlation analysis. Furthermore, there was a correlation between SAA and CIMT (p = 0.048). Increased SAA and CIMT values in GDM compared with healthy controls might indicate an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis and future atherosclerotic heart disease and the importance of inflammation in this process. These changes were associated with obesity, hypertension and glucose intolerance-related factors (BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT), which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology.
Follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a Delphi survey.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with a higher lifetime risk for the development of impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, postpartum depression and tumours. Despite this, there is no consistency in the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Further, the outcomes selected and reported in the research involving this population are heterogeneous and lack standardisation. This amplifies the risk of reporting bias and diminishes the likelihood of significant comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a core outcome set (COS) for RCTs and other studies evaluating the long-term follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/oral glucose-lowering agents. METHODS: The study consisted of three work packages: (1) a systematic review of the outcomes reported in previous RCTs of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents; (2) a three-round online Delphi survey with key stakeholders to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) a consensus meeting where the final COS was decided. RESULTS: Of 3344 abstracts identified and evaluated, 62 papers were retrieved and 25/62 papers were included in this review. A total of 121 outcomes were identified and included in the Delphi survey. Delphi round 1 was emailed to 835 participants and 288 (34.5%) responded. In round 2, 190 of 288 (65.9%) participants responded and in round 3, 165 of 190 (86.8%) participants responded. In total, nine outcomes were selected and agreed for inclusion in the final COS: assessment of glycaemic status; diagnosis of type 2 diabetes since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies with a diagnosis of GDM since the index pregnancy; diagnosis of prediabetes since the index pregnancy; BMI; post-pregnancy weight retention; resting blood pressure; and breastfeeding. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This study identified a COS that will help bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in clinical trials and other studies involving the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women diagnosed with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents during pregnancy.
Epigenetic Down-Regulation of Sirt 1 via DNA Methylation and Oxidative Stress Signaling Contributes to the Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Fetal Programming of Heart Ischemia-Sensitive Phenotype in Late Life.; Rationale: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces fetal programming of adult cardiac dysfunctional phenotype, especially the underlying epigenetic molecular mechanisms and theranostics remain unclear. To address this problem, we developed a late GDM rat model. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation by streptozotocin (STZ). Experiments were conducted in 6 weeks old offspring. Results: There were significant increases in ischemia-induced cardiac infarction and gender-dependent left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in male offspring in GDM group as compared to controls. Exposure to GDM enhanced ROS level and caused a global DNA methylation in offspring cardiomyocytes. GDM attenuated cardiac Sirt 1 protein and p-Akt/Akt levels, but enhanced autophagy-related proteins expression (Atg 5 and LC3 II/LC3 I) as compared to controls. Ex-vivo treatment of DNA methylation inhibitor, 5-Aza directly inhibited Dnmt3A and enhanced Sirt 1 protein expression in fetal hearts. Furthermore, treatment with antioxidant, N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) in offspring reversed GDM-mediated DNA hypermethylation, Sirt1 repression and autophagy-related gene protein overexpression in the hearts, and rescued GDM-induced deterioration in heart ischemic injury and LV dysfunction. Conclusion: Our data indicated that exposure to GDM induced offspring cardiac oxidative stress and DNA hypermethylation, resulting in an epigenetic down-regulation of Sirt1 gene and aberrant development of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype, which suggests that Sirt 1-mediated signaling is the potential therapeutic target for the heart ischemic disease in offspring.
Metformin and sitAgliptin in patients with impAired glucose tolerance and a recent TIA or minor ischemic Stroke (MAAS): study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Impaired glucose tolerance is present in one third of patients with a TIA or ischemic stroke and is associated with a two-fold risk of recurrent stroke. Metformin improves glucose tolerance, but often leads to side effects. The aim of this study is to explore the feasibility, safety, and effects on glucose metabolism of metformin and sitagliptin in patients with TIA or minor ischemic stroke and impaired glucose tolerance. We will also assess whether a slow increase in metformin dose and better support and information on this treatment will reduce the incidence of side effects in these patients. METHODS/DESIGN: The Metformin and sitAgliptin in patients with impAired glucose tolerance and a recent TIA or minor ischemic Stroke trial (MAAS trial) is a phase II, multicenter, randomized, controlled, open-label trial with blinded outcome assessment. Non-diabetic patients (n = 100) with a recent (<6 months) TIA, amaurosis fugax or minor ischemic stroke (modified Rankin scale ≤ 3) and impaired glucose tolerance, defined as 2-hour post-load glucose levels between 7.8 and 11.0 mmol/L after repeated standard oral glucose tolerance test, will be included. Patients with renal or liver impairment, heart failure, chronic hypoxic lung disease stage III-IV, history of lactate acidosis or diabetic ketoacidosis, pregnancy or breastfeeding, pancreatitis and use of digoxin will be excluded. The patients will be randomly assigned in a 1:1:2 ratio to metformin, sitagliptin or "no treatment." Patients allocated to metformin will start with 500 mg twice daily, which will be slowly increased during a 6-week period to a twice daily dose of 1000 mg. Patients allocated to sitagliptin will be treated with a daily fixed dose of 100 mg. The study has been registered as NTR 3196 in The Netherlands Trial Register. Primary outcomes include percentage still on treatment, percentage of (serious) adverse events, and the baseline adjusted difference in 2-hour post-load glucose levels at 6 months. DISCUSSION: This study will give more information about the feasibility and safety of metformin and sitagliptin as well as the effect on 2-hour post-load glucose levels at 6 months in patients with TIA or ischemic stroke and impaired glucose tolerance. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NTR3196 , Date of registration: 15 December 2011.
[Maternal obesity as a risk factor for complications in pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes].; Obesity is a worldwide growing epidemic. The negative influence of obesity is huge and considered to be one of the major contributors to health problems in the western world. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, ischemic heart disease, some cancers and syndromes of sleep apnea. Furthermore, obesity was described to have a negative influence on fertility, pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes. It was also discovered that obesity was significantly associated with gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and complications in cesarean delivery and anesthesia. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy and labor outcomes, emphasizing the significance of obesity as a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Neonates of diabetic mothers: The starting point for developing novel therapeutic approaches to ischemic heart and brain?; Diabetes mellitus represents the most common medical condition causing complications during pregnancy. However, there is still some controversy surrounding complications. Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal hyperglycemia. Offspring of diabetic mothers compensate excess glucose concentrations by producing higher levels of insulin causing transient hyperinsulinemia. Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for congenital cardiac malformations, of which 40% are with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. However, regardless of severity, cardiac hypertrophy is transient with echocardiographic resolution within the first months after birth. Neonates of diabetic mothers are more likely to suffer from macrosomia that predisposes the infant to birth asphyxia brain damage. However, there is no evidence for an increase in the incidence of brain injury from perinatal asphyxia in macrosomic babies of diabetic mothers in comparison to macrosomic newborns of non-diabetic mothers. We hypothesize that infants of diabetic mother may represent the starting point for developing novel approaches to the treatment and prevention of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, AMI and stroke at every age.
Determination of the fetal myocardial performance index in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance and to assess whether this parameter is a possible prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome.; AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in fetuses in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), controlled on diet and whether this parameter is also predictive of adverse outcome in this group, as in poorly controlled gestational diabetes. METHODS: In a prospective cross-sectional study, 32 women with GIGT on diet in the 3rd trimester were recruited and matched with 32 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth, neonatal death, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, tachypnea with pulmonary oedema, neonatal cord pH <7.15, five minute Apgar score <7, and cardiomyopathy. RESULTS: The cases had a significantly higher median MPI compared to controls, p value <.0001. There were eight abnormal outcomes recorded in the 32 fetuses in the study group, corresponding to an adverse outcome rate of 25%. Fetuses with an adverse outcome had significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the GIGT fetuses with normal outcome. The MPI served as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome in the GIGT fetuses, with a total area under the ROC curve of 0.96. An MPI z-score greater than 4.0 conferred a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 80%. No abnormal outcomes were noted in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: The MPI is impaired in fetuses in GIGT women, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the GIGT group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Is there an association between glomerular hyperfiltration and coronary flow velocity reserve in patients with gestational diabetes history?; Glomerular hyperfiltration (GHF) is an early marker of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and may predict coronary microvascular dysfunction, presenting as reduced coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) in patients with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and compare CFVR in patients with a history of GDM. We screened patients referred to the Cardiology Department of Istanbul Medeniyet University for angina pectoris, excluding those with positive treadmill test results. Women with a history of GDM were categorized into three groups based on GFR levels: Group 1 (60-89 ml/min), Group 2 (90-119 ml/min), and Group 3 (≥ 120 ml/min). Coronary diastolic peak velocities were measured at baseline and after dipyridamole administration, with CFVR defined as the ratio of hyperemic to baseline diastolic peak velocities. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and body mass index were derived from patient files. A total of 166 patients were included: 57 in Group 1, 80 in Group 2, and 29 in Group 3. HOMA-IR was higher in Group 3 compared to Group 2 (P < 0.05). Group 1 had the lowest CFVR (2.3 ± 0.3%), Group 2 had the highest (2.5 ± 0.3%), and Group 3 showed a moderate decrease in CFVR (2.4 ± 0.3%). Multivariate linear regression analysis revealed that HbA1c was independently associated with CFVR. In patients with GDM, GHF is associated with reduced CFVR, linked to metabolic parameters such as HbA1c and HOMA-IR. Interventions to improve metabolic health may prevent cardiovascular disease in these patients.
Gender-specific care of diabetes.; Diabetic men have benefited in the last 30 years from a significant improvement in total and cardiovascular mortality, whereas diabetic women have had no improvement at all. Moreover, recent research focused on the role of sex hormones in glucose homeostasis, and might account for different pathophysiologic mechanisms in the development of diabetes-related complications. Thus, care of diabetic women is a challenge that requires particular attention. The available data regarding gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus are uneven, rich in some domains but very poor in others. The large prospective trials performed in the last 20 years have assumed that the natural history of diabetes mellitus in men and women, as well as the efficiency of glucose-lowering therapies and management of hyperglycemic-related complications, could be attributable without distinction to men and women. We propose in this paper to analyze the published medical literature according to the specific management of diabetes mellitus in women, and to try to distinguish some particular features. We found important distinctions between diabetic men and women regarding the patterns of abnormalities of glucose regulation, epidemiology, development of diabetes-related complications, ischemic heart disease, morbidity and mortality, impact of cardiovascular risk factors, development of the metabolic syndrome, depression and osteoporosis, as well as the impact of lifestyle modifications or primary and secondary preventions on cardiovascular risk factors, and finally medical therapeutics. Moreover, special considerations were given to some particular aspects of the medical life in diabetic women, such as the features of gestational diabetes mellitus and the management of pregnancy in pregestational diabetic women, use of contraception, hormone-replacement therapy and polycystic ovary syndrome.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Is Associated with Aggravated Short-Term Neonatal and Neurological Outcomes following Perinatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy.; OBJECTIVE: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at higher risk of perinatal morbidities and glycemic instability, but the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes of neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) remains poorly described. Our objective was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes following neonatal HIE. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective single-center study including 102 term neonates with HIE who received therapeutic hypothermia (TH) treatment between 2013 and 2020. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess the relationship between the presence of maternal diabetes and short-term outcomes. RESULTS: Neonates with HIE and maternal diabetes exposure had a significantly lower gestational age at birth (38.6 vs. 39.7 weeks of gestation, p = 0.005) and a significantly higher mean birth weight (3,588 ± 752 vs. 3,214 ± 514 g, p = 0.012). IDM with HIE were ventilated for longer duration (8 vs. 4 days, p = 0.0047) and had a longer neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay (18 vs. 11 days, p = 0.0483) as well as took longer time to reach full oral feed (15 vs. 7 days, p = 0.0432) compared with neonates of nondiabetic mother. Maternal diabetes was also associated with an increased risk of death or abnormal neurological examination at discharge in neonates with HIE (odds ratio: 6.41 [1.54-26.32]). CONCLUSION: In neonates with HIE, maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of death or short-term neonatal morbidities, such as longer duration of ventilation, prolonged neonatal stay, greater need for tube feeding, and being discharged with an abnormal neurological examination. Strategies to prevent, reduce, or better control maternal diabetes during pregnancy should be prioritized to minimize complications after perinatal asphyxia. KEY POINTS: · Maternal DB is associated with unfavorable outcomes.. · IDM have longer ventilatory support and tube feeding.. · IDM have higher risk of abnormal neurological examination..
The combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes on long-term risk of premature myocardial infarction and stroke: A population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risks of premature (persons aged ≤60 years) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) based on a composite endpoint of fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. BACKGROUND: Migraine and GDM are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. It is unknown how the combination of migraine and GDM may affect cardiovascular disease risk. METHODS: In a Danish population-based cohort longitudinal study, we established four cohorts among women with at least one pregnancy during 1996-2018: women with migraine, women with GDM, women with both migraine and GDM, and women free of migraine and free of GDM. Risks of premature MACCE and component endpoints were assessed for each cohort. RESULTS: We included 1,307,456 women free of migraine and free of GDM, 56,811 women with migraine, 24,700 women with GDM, and 1484 women with migraine and GDM. The 20-year absolute risk of MACCE was 1.3% (MI: 0.4%, ischemic stroke: 0.6%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women free of migraine and free of GDM, 2.3% (MI: 0.8%, ischemic stroke: 1.2%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.5%) among women with migraine, 2.2% (MI: 1.0%, ischemic stroke: 1.0%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.4%) among women with GDM, and 3.7% (MI: 1.7%, ischemic stroke: 1.7%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women with both migraine and GDM. The 20-year adjusted hazard ratio of premature MACCE was 1.65 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.49-1.82) for women with migraine; 1.64 (95% CI 1.37-1.96) for women with GDM; and 2.35 (95% CI 1.03-5.36) for women with both GDM and migraine when compared with women free of migraine and free of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Migraine and GDM were each independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE. Risk of premature MACCE was greatest among women with both migraine and GDM, although this risk estimate was imprecise.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. METHODS: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). RESULTS: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = -0.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort.
Vitamin E Deficiency and Oxidative Status are Associated with Prediabetes in Apparently Healthy Subjects.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have indicated that vitamin E deficiency and oxidative stress affect the beta cell function. Hence, the aim of this study was to determine the association between vitamin E deficiency and oxidative status with prediabetes in apparently healthy subjects. METHODS: Apparently healthy men and women aged 18-65 years were enrolled in a case-control study. Individuals with new diagnosis of prediabetes were considered as cases and compared with a control group of individuals with normal glucose tolerance. Smoking, alcohol intake, pregnancy, diabetes, kidney disease, liver disease, cardiovascular disease, malignancy, glucocorticoid treatment and consumption of lipid-lowering drugs, antioxidants and vitamin supplements were exclusion criteria. Vitamin E deficiency was defined by serum levels of α-tocopherol <11.6 μmol/L, oxidative status was assessed by total antioxidant capacity and lipid peroxidation, and prediabetes was considered by the presence of impaired fasting glucose and/or impaired glucose tolerance. RESULTS: A total of 148 subjects were allocated into the case (n = 74) and control (n = 74) groups. The frequency of vitamin E deficiency was higher in the case group (41.8%) compared with the control group (35.1%), p = 0.03. The logistic regression analysis adjusted by age, waist circumference and body mass index, revealed a significant association between vitamin E deficiency (OR 3.23; 95% CI: 1.34-7.79, p = 0.009), lipoperoxidation (OR 2.82; CI 95%: 1.42-5.59, p = 0.003) and total antioxidant capacity (OR 0.93; CI 95%: 0.90-0.96, p <0.001) with prediabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Results of the present study suggest that both vitamin E deficiency and oxidative status are associated with prediabetes in apparently healthy subjects.
Associations of polymorphisms in the candidate genes for Alzheimer's disease BIN1, CLU, CR1 and PICALM with gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance.; Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia, with a prevalence that is rising every year. AD is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and insulin resistance, and is therefore sometimes called "type 3 diabetes mellitus". The aim of this study was to examine whether the variants of some candidate genes involved in the development of AD, namely BIN1 (rs744373), CLU (rs11136000), CR1 (rs3818361), and PICALM (rs3851179), are related to several disorders of glucose metabolism-gestational diabetes (GDM), T2DM and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Our study included 550 women with former GDM and 717 control women, 392 patients with T2DM and 180 non-diabetic controls, and 117 patients with IGT and 630 controls with normal glucose tolerance. Genotyping analysis was performed using specially-designed TaqMan assays. No significant associations of the genetic variants rs744373 in BIN1, rs11136000 in CLU, or rs3818361 in CR1 were found with GDM, T2DM or IGT, but rs3851179 in PICALM was associated with an increased risk of GDM. The frequency of the AD risk-associated C allele was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to controls: OR 1.21; 95% CI (1.03-1.44). This finding was not apparent in T2DM and IGT; conversely, the C allele of the PICALM SNP was protective for IGT: OR 0.67; 95% CI (0.51-0.89). This study demonstrates an association between PICALM rs3851179 and GDM as well as IGT. However, elucidation of the possible role of this gene in the pathogenesis of GDM requires further independent studies.
Prenatal Clinical Assessment of NT-proBNP as a Diagnostic Tool for Preeclampsia, Gestational Hypertension and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Common complications of pregnancy include preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Hypertensive disorders (PE/GH) and GDM may result in greater maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Women with PE/GH, one of the most common causes of heart burden in an obstetrical setting, present with elevated serum levels of BNP and NT-proBNP. The aim of this study was to shed more light on the role of NT-proBNP in pathophysiology of PE, GH and GDM. The study included 156 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies. A total of 26 women developed arterial hypertension during pregnancy, 14 were diagnosed with PE, and GDM was detected in 81 patients. The control group included 35 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, normal arterial blood pressure and normal glucose concentrations. Patients with GH presented with significantly higher serum concentrations of NT-proBNPthan normotensive women (65.5 vs. 37.4 pg/ml; p = 0.0136). Serum levels of NT-proBNP in patients with PE were the highest of all the analyzed subsets, being significantly higher than in women without this condition (89.00 vs. 37.4pg/ml,p = 0,0136). However, women with and without GDM did not differ significantly in terms of their serum NT-proBNPconcentrations. Serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) (p = 0.0001) and BMI (p<0.0001) turned out to be independent predictors of GH on multivariate logistic regression analysis.Moreover, serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) was identified as an independent indicator of PE (p = 0.0016). A significant inverse correlation was found between birth weight and maternal serum NT-proBNP concentrations. In our opinion, NT-proBNP can be a useful clinical marker of GH and PE. Determination of NT-proBNP levels may be helpful in identification of patients with PE and GH and in their qualification for intensive treatment; this in turn, may be reflected by better neonatal outcomes.
Two cases of coronavirus 2019-related cardiomyopathy in pregnancy.; At our institution, 2 of the initial 7 pregnant patients with confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 severe infection (28.6%; 95% CI, 8.2%-64.1%) developed cardiac dysfunction with moderately reduced left ventricular ejection fractions of 40%-45% and hypokinesis. Viral myocarditis and cardiomyopathy have also been reported in nonpregnant coronavirus disease 2019 patients. A case series of nonpregnant patients with coronavirus disease 2019 found that 33% of those in intensive care developed cardiomyopathy. More data are needed to ascertain the incidence of cardiomyopathy from coronavirus disease 2019 in pregnancy, in all pregnant women with coronavirus disease 2019, and those with severe disease (eg, pneumonia). We suggest an echocardiogram in pregnant women with coronavirus disease 2019 pneumonia, in particular those necessitating oxygen, or those who are critically ill, and we recommend the use of handheld, point-of-care devices where possible to minimize contamination of staff and traditional large echocardiogram machines.
Fetal growth restriction: a workshop report.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with significantly increased perinatal morbidity and mortality as well as cardiovascular disease and glucose intolerance in adult life. A number of disorders from genetic to metabolic, vascular, coagulative, autoimmune, as well as infectious, can influence fetal growth by damaging the placenta, leading to IUGR as a result of many possible fetal, placental and maternal disorders. Strict definitions of IUGR and of its severity are needed in order to eventually distinguish among different phenotypes, such as gestational age at onset, degree of growth restriction and presence of hypoxia. This report explores and reviews some of the most recent developments in both clinical and basic research on intrauterine growth restriction, by seeking mechanisms that involve genetic factors, utero-placental nutrient availability and vascular growth factors. New exciting findings on the genomic imprinting defects potentially associated with IUGR, and the placental anomalies associated with the decreased nutrient transport are summarized. Moreover, recent data on angiogenic growth factors as well as new information arising from application of gene chip technologies are discussed.
The evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with M-mode and spectral tissue Doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.; OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate possible functional changes in the frequently affected fetal interventricular septum (IVS) with spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging to compare gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and control groups. METHODS: A total of 63 pregnant women with GDM, 30 on diet (A1 GDM) and 33 on treated with insulin (A2 GDM), and 63 healthy pregnant women randomly selected and matched to the case group in the control group were included. RESULTS: The GDM fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased early diastole (E'), atrial contraction (A'), systole (S'), higher myocardial performance index (MPI'), prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT'), shortened ejection time (ET'), and decreased septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) than the controls. The A2 GDM group fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased S' and shortened ET' than the A1 GDM group. In the GDM group, we found a significantly positive low correlation between glycated hemoglobin levels and maternal serum fasting glucose and one-hour postprandial glucose with fetal IVS thickness. We demonstrated a significantly negative low correlation between maternal serum one-hour postprandial glucose, glycated hemoglobin levels, and gestational weight gain with fetal IVS ET'. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal IVS diastolic and systolic functions were altered in the GDM group compared to controls, and systolic functions were altered in A2 GDM compared to A1 GDM. This may alert clinicians to possible cardiovascular diseases in the postnatal life, and early preventive strategies and long-term lifestyle changes may provide protection in fetuses with GDM.
Effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II.; BACKGROUND: To examine whether prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease (CeVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD), and all-cause mortality, in community-based women with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Baseline prevalences of CHD/CeVD/PAD/prior GDM were determined in 718 females (mean ± SD age 65.5 ± 11.9 years) from the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II. Deaths between baseline (2008-2011) and end-2016 were ascertained. Cox regression identified predictors of mortality with GDM as a candidate variable. RESULTS: Compared to the 673 women without GDM, the 39 (5.4 %) with prior GDM were younger, more likely Aboriginal, smokers and obese, had longer diabetes duration and higher HbA(1c) levels, and were more dyslipidemic (P ≤ 0.046). Prevalences of CHD (24.6 versus 23.1 %), CeVD (7.5 % versus 2.6 %) and PAD (27.5 % versus 23.7 %) were not significantly different in those without versus with prior GDM (P ≥ 0.35). There were 116 deaths (16.2 %) during 6.8 ± 1.6 years of follow-up. Age, Aboriginal ethnicity, marital status, current smoking, heart rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, CHD and PAD were independently associated with all-cause mortality (P ≤ 0.023); GDM status did not add to the most parsimonious model (P = 0.62). CONCLUSIONS: Prior GDM does not increase CVD risk or all-cause mortality in women with type 2 diabetes.
Are Preeclampsia and Adverse Obstetrical Outcomes Predictors of Cardiovascular Disease? A Case-Control Study of Women With Heart Disease.; OBJECTIVE: This study sought to determine whether preeclampsia; gestational diabetes; and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm delivery are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life. METHODS: This was a retrospective, age-matched, case-control study that surveyed 244 cases (women with confirmed coronary artery disease) and 246 controls (women who did not have coronary artery disease) on their obstetrical history and outcomes, as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Analyses were performed using SAS software version 9.1.3. (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). RESULTS: Women with coronary artery disease had significantly higher rates of maternal complications such as gestational hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 3.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03-10.9), as well as conventional vascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia (OR 5.38; 95% CI 2.70-10.7), hypertension (OR 2.40; 95% CI 1.23-4.70), diabetes (OR 2.32; 95% CI 1.07-5.01), and smoking (current smoker: OR; 4.82 95% CI 1.66-14.00; former smoker: OR 2.86; 95% CI 1.43-5.71). There were more cases with preeclampsia (9.8%, vs. 5.4% in controls); however, the difference was not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Among the adverse maternal conditions, there was more gestational hypertension in women with coronary artery disease. In this study, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were the most important maternal risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life and should be flagged early for close monitoring and/or intervention.
Assessment of noninvasive risk markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is state of carbohydrate intolerance detected first time during pregnancy. GDM represents a significant risk factor for the development of CVD in women. The degree to which women with histories of gestational diabetes are at risk for cardiovascular disease, beyond their predisposition to future diabetes, is still unclear. The aim of our study was to assess the presence of surrogate markers of subclinical atherosclerosis which can be present in them even without developing type 2 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In this descriptive cross-sectional hospital based study, 50 patients 20-45 yrs of age, premenopausal, at least 1 yr past her most recent pregnancy, and not more than 5 yr past her index pregnancy with GDM. These patients and controls who did not have GDM were assessed for carotid intima media thickness,endothelial dysfunction, epicardial fat thickness and other cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Women with pGDM were found to have unfavourable cardiovascular risk parameters. They also demonstrated more frequent occurrence of metabolic syndrome(64% vs 10%) than control subjects. Individual components of MS increased with increasing BMI in both the groups. As far as markers of subclinical atherosclerosis were concerned women with pGDM had significantly higher CIMT, FMD and epicardial fat thickness than control group. CONCLUSION: Women with pGDM, even before development of diabetes have significant differences in CVD risk factors when compared to those who do not have such history. Postpartum screening for glucose intolerance and efforts to minimize modifiable cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, viscerall adiposity, and dyslipidemia should be the most effective measures for lowering of cardiovascular risk.
The RhoA guanine exchange factor ABR: a glucose-sensitive mediator of actin reorganization in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells altered by gestational diabetes mellitus.; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programs the fetus, increasing offspring risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease later in life. Hyperglycaemia is widely recognized as the driving force of diabetes-induced programming. We have previously shown that GDM exposure alters DNA methylation and gene expression associated with actin remodelling in primary feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we hypothesized that hyperglycaemic insults underlie programmed changes in fpEC morphology and actin organization by GDM. Therefore, arterial fpECs isolated after normal and GDM pregnancy, as well as normal fpECs that were exposed to hyperglycaemia in vitro, were analysed for the effect of GDM and hyperglycaemia on actin organization and network formation. Integration of gene expression and DNA methylation data identified the RhoA activator active BCR-related (ABR) as programmed by GDM and altered by in vitro hyperglycaemia. ABR silencing in GDM-exposed cells reduced RhoA activity by 34 ± 26% (P = 0.033) and restored normal fpEC phenotype. In fact, in vitro hyperglycaemia induced a similar fpEC phenotype as intrauterine exposure to GDM, i.e. round morphology and increased network formation on Matrigel by 34 ± 33% (P = 0.022) vs. 22 ± 20% for GDM (P = 0.004). Thus, we identified ABR as a novel glucose sensitive regulator of actin organization and cell shape, programmed by GDM and upregulated by hyperglycaemia. Identification of mechanisms induced by hyperglycaemia and affecting endothelial function in the long term will contribute to understanding GDM-induced programming of offspring endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. Future studies could focus on investigating the prevention or reversal of such malprogramming. KEY POINTS: In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects future health of the offspring, with an increased risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease in later life. GDM alters DNA methylation and expression of ABR in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC), a model for endothelial cells exposed to the intrauterine environment of the fetus. GDM phenotype of fpECs is also induced by hyperglycaemia in vitro, and is characterized by altered actin organization and cell shape, which can be restored by ABR silencing. Revealing the cellular mechanisms induced by GDM and hyperglycaemia is important for understanding the mechanisms of how these conditions disturb endothelial function in the offspring.
Associations of prognostic nutritional index with risk of all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortalities in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus: A NHANES-based analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate relationships between prognostic nutritional index (PNI) during pregnancy and risk of all-cause mortality (ACM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted using NHANES data from 2007 to 2018, and weighted Cox regression models were established. Restricted cubic spline analysis was used to unveil associations of PNI with risk of ACM and CVD mortalities in individuals with GDM. Receiver operating characteristic curve was employed for determination of threshold value for association of PNI with mortality. Sensitivity analysis was performed to verify the stability of the results. RESULTS: 734 GDM individuals and 7987 non-GDM individuals were included in this study. In GDM population, after adjusting for different categorical variables, PNI was significantly negatively correlated with ACM risk. Subgroup analysis showed that among GDM populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, parity of 1 or 2, negative correlation between PNI and risk of ACM was stronger than other subgroups. Sensitivity analysis results showed stable negative correlations between PNI and ACM and CVD mortality of total population, and between PNI and ACM of GDM. CONCLUSION: In individuals with GDM, PNI was negatively correlated with ACM risk, especially in populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, and parity of 1 or 2. PNI = 50.75 may be an effective threshold affecting ACM risk in GDM, which may help in risk assessment and timely intervention for individuals with GDM.
Short-term moderate diet restriction in adulthood can reverse oxidative, cardiovascular and metabolic alterations induced by postnatal overfeeding in mice.; We aimed to determine whether moderate diet restriction could restore cardiac, oxidative and metabolic alterations induced by postnatal overfeeding (PNOF). Litters of C57BL/6 male mice were either maintained at 9 (normal litter, NL), or reduced to 3 (small litter, SL) in order to induce PNOF. At 6 months, half of the NL and SL mice were subjected to 20% calorie-restriction (CR: NLCR, SLCR) for one month, while the other half continued to eat ad libitum (AL: NLAL, SLAL). Six-month old SL mice presented overweight, fat accumulation, hyperleptinemia, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance, increased cardiac ROS production and decreased left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). After CR, SL mice body weight was normalized; however, their fat mass and leptinemia were not decreased, glucose metabolism was improved and LVEF was increased. In SL mice, CR increased the cardiac mitochondrial respiratory rate and decreased cardiac ROS production. Hearts from SLCR mice showed better recovery and smaller postischemic infarct size. Intriguingly, no difference was observed between NLAL and NLCR mice for most of the parameters investigated. Short-term moderate CR not only normalized body weight in SL mice but also improved metabolic programming and reversed oxidative and cardiac dysfunction induced by PNOF.
Enhanced placental GLUT1 and GLUT3 expression in dexamethasone-induced fetal growth retardation.; Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) increases the risk of developing glucose intolerance and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Fetal exposure to excess glucocorticoids may contribute to IUGR. Despite the importance of glucose supply for fetal growth, studies on glucose transporter expression in IUGR are few. Two glucose transporters, GLUT1 and GLUT3, are expressed in placenta. In rodent placenta, GLUT1 is replaced by GLUT3 during late gestation. We examined placental GLUT protein expression in 21-day pregnant rats administered dexamethasone (DEX) from day 15 of gestation via osmotic minipump (at doses of 100 or 200 microg/kg body wt. per day). A dose-dependent decline in placental and fetal weight occurred in the DEX groups at day 21. Placental GLUT3 protein expression increased dose-dependently in the DEX groups (by 1.3-fold (n.s) and 2.3-fold (P<0.01), respectively). GLUT1 protein expression also increased dose-dependently in the DEX groups (by 1.6-fold (P<0.05) and 1.9-fold (P<0.01), respectively). In the DEX-treated groups, altered GLUT protein expression occurred in the absence of altered peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma) protein expression in day 21 placenta; however, PPAR-gamma protein expression in day 21 fetal hearts was greatly suppressed. We conclude that increased placental GLUT1 protein expression may reflect an attempt to increase placental or fetal glucose supply to attenuate the effect of excessive exposure to glucocorticoids to diminish fetal growth, whereas suppression of cardiac PPAR-gamma expression during cardiac development may contribute to the increased risk of developing heart disease found in people of below average birthweight.
Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability during the 100-g oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: The aims of the present study were to 1) evaluate autonomic function during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnant women and 2) investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) modifies autonomic control of heart rate variability. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 27 pregnant women (15 without GDM, 12 with GDM) during a 100-g OGTT. The maternal electrocardiogram was recorded before and 60 min after glucose ingestion, when peak glucose levels are expected. The time and frequency domains of maternal cardiac intervals were analyzed. RESULTS: There was a significant decrease in the high-frequency (HF) band in both groups after the ingestion of glucose. The normalized low-frequency (LF) band significantly increased and the normalized HF band significantly decreased after glucose ingestion. The LF-to-HF ratio was significantly higher in the group with GDM at baseline and significantly increased in both groups after glucose ingestion. A regression analysis revealed a significant decrease in the HF band with increasing blood glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS: Acute elevation of blood glucose levels during the OGTT caused substantial autonomic alterations, including sympathetic activation and parasympathetic withdrawal. Both arms of the autonomic system were affected during the test, thus lending support to the concept that these changes are centrally integrated. The autonomic changes were less pronounced in women with GDM compared with in normal control subjects, suggesting that chronic hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia may alter modulation of the autonomic nervous system.
Does malnutrition in utero determine diabetes and coronary heart disease in adulthood? Results from the Leningrad siege study, a cross sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relation between decreased maternal food intake and risk factors for coronary heart disease in adult life. DESIGN: Cross sectional study. SUBJECTS: 169 subjects exposed to malnutrition in utero (intrauterine group) during the siege of Leningrad (now St Petersburg) in 1941-4; 192 subjects born in Leningrad just before rationing began, before the siege (infant group); and 188 subjects born concurrently with the first two groups but outside the area of the siege (unexposed group). SETTING: Ott Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, St Petersburg. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Development of risk factors for coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus-obesity, blood pressure, glucose tolerance, insulin concentrations, lipids, albumin excretion rate, and clotting factors. RESULTS: There was no difference between the subjects exposed to starvation in utero and those starved during infant life in: (a) glucose tolerance (mean fasting glucose: intrauterine group 5.2 (95% confidence interval 5.1 to 5.3), infant group 5.3 (5.1 to 5.5), P = 0.94; mean 2 hour glucose: intrauterine group 6.1 (5.8 to 6.4), infant group 6.0 (5.7 to 6.3), P = 0.99); (b) insulin concentration; (c) blood pressure; (d) lipid concentration; or (e) coagulation factors. Concentrations of von Willebrand factor were raised in the intrauterine group (156.5 (79.1 to 309.5)) compared with the infant group (127.6 (63.9 to 254.8); P < 0.001), and female subjects in the intrauterine group had a stronger interaction between obesity and both systolic (P = 0.01) and diastolic (P = 0.04) blood pressure than in the infant group. Short adult stature was associated with raised concentrations of glucose and insulin 2 hours after a glucose load-independently of siege exposure. Subjects in the unexposed group had non-systematic differences in subscapular to triceps skinfold ratio, diastolic blood pressure, and clotting factors compared with the exposed groups. CONCLUSIONS: Intrauterine malnutrition was not associated with glucose intolerance, dyslipidaemia, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Subjects exposed to malnutrition showed evidence of endothelial dysfunction and a stronger influence of obesity on blood pressure.
Sucrose feeding in mouse pregnancy leads to hypertension, and sex-linked obesity and insulin resistance in female offspring.; Eating an unbalanced diet during pregnancy may induce long-term health consequences in offspring, in particular obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension. We tested the hypothesis that a maternal diet rich in simple sugars predispose mouse offspring to obesity, glucose intolerance, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Female C57BL/6J mice were fed either a standard chow or a sucrose-rich diet (26% of total energy) 6 weeks prior to mating, throughout pregnancy and lactation. Offspring of control dams (OC) and high sucrose fed dams (OSF) were weaned onto standard control chow, and metabolic and cardiovascular parameters determined at 3 months of age. Both male and female OSF were hyperphagic by 4 weeks of age and females were heavier than OC at 6 weeks. At 3 months, female OSF showed a significant increase in inguinal fat pad mass, whereas skeletal muscle mass (tibialis anterior) and locomotor activity were decreased relative to OC. A 10-fold increase in fasting serum insulin in female OSF vs. OC at 3 months (Insulin [pmol/L] mean ± SEM, OSF, 200.3 ± 16.1, vs. OC, 20.3 ± 1.8, n = 6 P < 0.001), was associated with impaired glucose tolerance (AUC [mmol/L min] mean ± SEM, OSF 1437.4 ± 124.2 vs. OC, 1076.8 ± 83.9, n = 6, P < 0.05). Both male and female OSF were hypertensive as assessed by radiotelemetry (night-time systolic arterial pressure (SAP) [mmHg] mean ± SEM, male OSF, 128 ± 1 vs. OC, 109 ± 1, n = 6, P < 0.01; female OSF, 130 ± 1 vs. OC, 118 ± 1, n = 6, P < 0.05). Analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) demonstrated an increased low:high frequency ratio in male and female OSF (P < 0.05), indicative of heightened sympathetic efferent tone. Renal tissue noradrenaline (NA) content was markedly raised in the OSF vs. OC (NA [pg/ml/mg tissue] mean ± SEM, male OSF, 2.28 ± 0.19 vs. OC 0.84 ± 0.09, n = 6, P < 0.01). Exposure to a maternal diet rich in sucrose led to obesity and glucose intolerance in female mice offspring, and hypertension in both sexes.
A Meta-Analysis of Differences in Thyroid and Cardiac Function Between Women with Normal Pregnancies and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This is a meta-analysis of thyroid function (TF) and cardiac function (CF) differences between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), in order to provide more reliable reference and guidance for the future clinical prevention and treatment of GDM. METHODS: Studies on the correlation of GDM with TF and CF were searched in PubMed, Cochrane Library, and other literature databases, and the literature for final analysis was confirmed after screening according to the eligibility criteria. Authors, publication time, research subjects, and endpoints were extracted for meta-analysis using Review 5.3 software. RESULTS: After screening, 10 studies with a total of 2554 subjects were selected, including 1125 GDM patients (GDM group) and 1429 normal pregnant women (control group). All the included papers scored 6-7 points on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale used for literature quality evaluation, implying high-quality research. In the meta-analysis, the relationship between GDM and TF, TSH, and FT3 increased evidently in the GDM group, while FT4 decreased (P < .05). The meta-analysis of GDM and CF revealed lower LVEF and E/A while higher E/E' in GDM patients compared to the controls (P < .05). The funnel plot showed that the graphs of all the endpoints were basically symmetrical, indicating low publication bias. CONCLUSION: Given the obvious thyroid dysfunction and cardiac dysfunction in GDM patients, symptomatic intervention measures should be taken actively and timely to improve the safety of GDM patients during pregnancy.
Priming of metabolic dysfunctions by prenatal immune activation in mice: relevance to schizophrenia.; Schizophrenia is associated with increased risk for multiple metabolic abnormalities, including altered glucose homeostasis, type-2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. Some of the metabolic alterations can already exist in psychosis-prone subjects prior to the onset of chronic schizophrenic disease and pharmacotherapy, indicating that they may have a developmental origin. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that metabolic alterations pertinent to schizophrenic disease can be primed by an environmental risk factor associated with the disorder, namely prenatal exposure to immune challenge. We used a well-established mouse model of prenatal immune challenge induced by maternal gestational treatment with poly(I:C) (="polyriboinosinic-polyribocytidilic acid"), an analog of double-stranded RNA that stimulates a cytokine-associated viral-like acute phase response. Metabolic effects were studied using high-resolution computed tomography and fully automated indirect calorimetry system, along with an oral glucose tolerance test and plasma cytokine and corticosterone measurements. We found that prenatal immune activation caused altered glycemic regulation and abnormal ingestive behavior in periadolescence and led to an adult onset of excess visceral and subcutaneous fat deposition. These effects were accompanied by age-dependent changes in peripheral secretion of proinflammatory (interleukin [IL]-6 and tumor necrosis factor [TNF]-α) and T cell-related (IL-2 and interferon [IFN]-γ) cytokines and by increased release of the stress hormone corticosterone in periadolescence. Our findings show that schizophrenia-relevant metabolic and physiological abnormalities can be primed by prenatal viral-like immune activation, but at the same time, our study emphasizes that this environmental insult is unlikely to precipitate the full spectrum of metabolic and immunological changes pertinent to chronic schizophrenic disease.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors-alpha and gamma are targets to treat offspring from maternal diet-induced obesity in mice.; AIM: The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)alpha and PPARgamma by Bezafibrate (BZ) could attenuate hepatic and white adipose tissue (WAT) abnormalities in male offspring from diet-induced obese dams. MATERIALS AND METHODS: C57BL/6 female mice were fed a standard chow (SC; 10% lipids) diet or a high-fat (HF; 49% lipids) diet for 8 weeks before mating and during gestation and lactation periods. Male offspring received SC diet at weaning and were subdivided into four groups: SC, SC/BZ, HF and HF/BZ. Treatment with BZ (100 mg/Kg diet) started at 12 weeks of age and was maintained for three weeks. RESULTS: The HF diet resulted in an overweight phenotype and an increase in oral glucose intolerance and fasting glucose of dams. The HF offspring showed increased body mass, higher levels of plasmatic and hepatic triglycerides, higher levels of pro-inflammatory and lower levels of anti-inflammatory adipokines, impairment of glucose metabolism, abnormal fat pad mass distribution, higher number of larger adipocytes, hepatic steatosis, higher expression of lipogenic proteins concomitant to decreased expression of PPARalpha and carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT-1) in liver, and diminished expression of PPARgamma and adiponectin in WAT. Treatment with BZ ameliorated the hepatic and WAT abnormalities generated by diet-induced maternal obesity, with improvements observed in the structural, biochemical and molecular characteristics of the animals' livers and epididymal fat. CONCLUSION: Diet-induced maternal obesity lead to alterations in metabolism, hepatic lipotoxicity and adverse liver and WAT remodeling in the offspring. Targeting PPAR with Bezafibrate has beneficial effects reducing the alterations, mainly through reduction of WAT inflammatory state through PPARgamma activation and enhanced hepatic beta-oxidation due to increased PPARalpha/PPARgamma ratio in liver.
Polymerase I and transcript release factor (PTRF) regulates adipocyte differentiation and determines adipose tissue expandability.; Impaired adipogenesis renders an adipose tissue unable to expand, leading to lipotoxicity and conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. While factors important for adipogenesis have been studied extensively, those that set the limits of adipose tissue expansion remain undetermined. Feeding a Western-type diet to apolipoprotein E2 knock-in mice, a model of metabolic syndrome, produced 3 groups of equally obese mice: mice with normal glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemic yet glucose-tolerant mice, and prediabetic mice with impaired glucose tolerance and reduced circulating insulin. Using proteomics, we compared subcutaneous adipose tissues from mice in these groups and found that the expression of PTRF (polymerase I and transcript release factor) associated selectively with their glucose tolerance status. Lentiviral and pharmacologically overexpressed PTRF, whose function is critical for caveola formation, compromised adipocyte differentiation of cultured 3T3-L1cells. In human adipose tissue, PTRF mRNA levels positively correlated with markers of lipolysis and cellular senescence. Furthermore, a negative relationship between telomere length and PTRF mRNA levels was observed in human subcutaneous fat. PTRF is associated with limited adipose tissue expansion underpinning the key role of caveolae in adipocyte regulation. Furthermore, PTRF may be a suitable adipocyte marker for predicting pathological obesity and inform clinical management.
Assessment of left ventricular systolic function in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy of gestational diabetes mellitus mothers using velocity vector imaging.; The aim of this study was to quantifiably assess left ventricular systolic function by velocity vector imaging (VVI) in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy born to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers. Ventricular images (4-chamber) from 60 normal fetuses and 32 GDM fetuses were selected. Myocardial global and segmental peak strain and systolic strain rates were obtained from VVI offline software. Ejection fraction (EF) was also measured to assess fetal cardiac function. EF of normal fetuses and GDM group were 65.55 ± 4.64% and 65.72 ± 4.92%. No difference was found in EF between the control group and GDM group. Global strain and strain rate of GDM groups were -13.74 ± 3.19% and -1.41 ± 0.54 s(-1), respectively and were found to be lower than the normal group (p < 0.05). Six different segmental peak strains and peak systolic strain rates had identical adjacent segments not only in the control group, but also in GDM fetuses. It was concluded that VVI could reflect fetal cardiac function sensitivity. Global strain and strain rate may be useful parameters for assessing the fetal myocardial systolic function in diabetic mothers.
A young woman with dyspnea.; A 35-year-old Sri Lankan woman (gravida 3, para 3, abortus 0) presented to the Jewish General Hospital (Montreal, Quebec) with shortness of breath and diffuse swelling. She was five months postpartum of her most recent delivery, which was complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. She described a three-week history of progressive exertional dyspnea, orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. There was no history of recent viral illness, and the patient had no traditional risk factors for coronary artery disease. A physical examination, laboratory results and echocardiography were typical for heart failure. A presumptive diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made. To initiate a transplant referral, coronary angiography was performed. Six discrete atherosclerotic lesions were found, notably left main equivalent disease. A diagnosis of ischemic cardiomyopathy was made, and the patient was referred for high-risk coronary artery bypass surgery and transplant. The present case illustrates the excess burden of coronary artery disease borne in south Asian patient populations.
Evaluation of the regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control.; OBJECTIVE: The aim is to quantitatively assess regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain (2DS) echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control. METHODS: We studied 60 consecutive normal fetuses and 35 fetuses of GDM mothers with good glycemic control by echocardiography. M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography were used to measure ejection fraction and wall dimensions of left ventricle and right ventricle. Both left and right ventricle peak systolic myocardial strain values were obtained by 2DS echocardiography. RESULTS: Compared with normal fetuses, the thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) and the thickness of right ventricular wall were significantly increased in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Compared with those of normal fetuses, the peak systolic myocardial strain decreased significantly in the apical segments of the IVS and the apical segments of the left ventricular lateral wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05), as well as the apical and middle segments of right ventricular wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Peak negative 2DS values in 60 normal fetuses increased with the gestational age, showing a significant linear correlation(r = -0.625, p < 0.001). The average ventricular strain was not correlated to ventricular wall thickness (r = 0.127, p = 0.394). CONCLUSIONS: 2DS is a feasible approach to assess regional ventricular systolic function in the fetal hearts and it can be used to examine cardiac systolic function in GDM fetuses with good glycemic control.
Haemodynamic differences amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls.; AIM: To assess the changes in haemodynamics amongst pregnant women who were screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to low-risk healthy pregnant controls. METHODOLOGY: A total of 120 pregnant women of mean (standard deviation) age 31.03 (5.41) years who attended their oral glucose tolerance test as part of the national screening for GDM (study), and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women (control) of mean age 29.71 (5.33) years, were invited to participate in this study. All women included in the study booked at the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and fulfilled the relevant inclusion criteria. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output were undertaken on participants between 26 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. The mean difference between GDM and low-risk group for each of the arterial stiffness and cardiac output measurements was assessed by a two-sample unpaired t-test. RESULTS: Significant differences were found between the study and control groups for brachial (-64.5 vs. -69.5, p < 0.04) and aortic augmentation indices (5.2 vs. 2.7, p = 0.04), though there was no significant difference for PWV (8.3 vs. 8.1, p = 0.49). Cardiac output (7.6 vs. 7.0, p = 0.011), stroke volume (84.4 vs. 76.9, p = 0.013) and central mean arterial pressure (71 vs. 58, <0.001) were also significantly different between groups. However, no significant differences were reported for heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, or total peripheral resistance. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women at risk of GDM between gestational weeks 26 and 28 had significantly increased measures of arterial stiffness, as assessed by brachial and aortic augmentation indices, compared with low-risk healthy controls. Whether these women are at greater long-term cardiovascular disease risk warrants further investigation.
Effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.; It has previously been reported that the influence of vitamin D on the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer and other systemic diseases, and is considered an important indicator of general health. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism, lipid concentrations, inflammation and the levels of oxidative stress of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 133 pregnant women with GDM during weeks 24-28 of pregnancy. The patients were randomly divided into four groups. The control group (n=20) received a placebo (sucrose; one granule/day), the low dosage group (n=38) received the daily recommended intake of 200 IU vitamin D (calciferol) daily, the medium dosage group (n=38) received 50,000 IU monthly (2,000 IU daily for 25 days) and the high dosage group (n=37) received 50,000 IU every 2 weeks (4,000 IU daily for 12.5 days). The general characteristics and dietary intakes of the patients with GDM were similar between each group. Using ELISA kits, it was determined that insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and total cholesterol were significantly reduced by high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.05). Total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione levels were significantly elevated as a result of high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.01). In conclusion, high-dose vitamin D supplementation (50,000 IU every 2 weeks) significantly improved insulin resistance in pregnant women with GDM.
Folic Acid Supplementation of Female Mice, with or without Vitamin B-12, before and during Pregnancy and Lactation Programs Adiposity and Vascular Health in Adult Male Offspring.; BACKGROUND: The developmental origins of health and disease theory suggest that disturbances in the fetal and early postnatal environment contribute to chronic adulthood diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Greater adiposity and insulin resistance have been reported in children of women with high erythrocyte folate but poor vitamin B-12 status during pregnancy. The mechanisms underlying this relation are not known. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of maternal supplemental folic acid, with or without vitamin B-12, on adiposity, glucose homeostasis, and vascular health in adult male offspring mice. METHODS: Female C57BL/6J mice were fed a control diet (M-CON, 2 mg folic acid/kg, 50 μg vitamin B-12/kg) or a folic acid-supplemented diet with [10 mg folic acid/kg, 50 μg vitamin B-12/kg (SFA+B12)] or without [10 mg folic acid/kg, no vitamin B-12 (SFA-B12)] vitamin B-12 for 6 wk before mating and during pregnancy and lactation. The offspring were weaned onto a control diet (16% energy from fat) or a western diet (45% energy from fat) until 23 wk of age. The effects of maternal diet on adiposity, vascular function, and glucose tolerance were assessed in 6 groups of adult male offspring: control diet-fed M-CON, SFA+B12, and SFA-B12 and western diet-fed M-CON, SFA+B12, and SFA-B12. RESULTS: Control and western diet-fed SFA-B12 and SFA+B12 offspring had smaller visceral and subcutaneous adipose tissue than M-CON offspring (P < 0.05). Control SFA-B12 and SFA+B12 offspring had lower serum total adiponectin and vitamin B-12 concentrations and lower NADPH oxidase 2 expression in aorta compared with M-CON offspring (P < 0.05). These effects were not observed in western diet-fed offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Folic acid supplementation of female mice before and during pregnancy and lactation, with or without dietary vitamin B-12, affects adult male offspring adiposity, vascular function, and one-carbon metabolism in those fed a control diet but not a western diet.
Gestational Chronodisruption Impairs Circadian Physiology in Rat Male Offspring, Increasing the Risk of Chronic Disease.; Chronic exposure to light at night, as in shift work, alters biological clocks (chronodisruption), negatively impacting pregnancy outcome in humans. Actually the interaction of maternal and fetal circadian systems could be a key factor determining a fitting health in adults. We propose that chronic photoperiod shift (CPS) during pregnancy alter maternal circadian rhythms and impair circadian physiology in the adult offspring, increasing health risks. Pregnant rats were exposed to normal photoperiod (12 h light, 12 h dark) or to CPS until 85% of gestation. The effects of gestational CPS were evaluated on the mother and adult offspring. In the mother we measured rhythms of heart rate, body temperature, and activity through gestation and daily rhythms of plasma variables (melatonin, corticosterone, aldosterone, and markers of renal function) at 18 days of gestation. In adult offspring, we measured rhythms of the clock gene expression in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN), locomotor activity, body temperature, heart rate, blood pressure, plasma variables, glucose tolerance, and corticosterone response to ACTH. CPS altered all maternal circadian rhythms, lengthened gestation, and increased newborn weight. The adult CPS offspring presented normal rhythms of clock gene expression in the SCN, locomotor activity, and body temperature. However, the daily rhythm of plasma melatonin was absent, and corticosterone, aldosterone, renal markers, blood pressure, and heart rate rhythms were altered. Moreover, CPS offspring presented decreased glucose tolerance and an abnormal corticosterone response to ACTH. Altogether these data show that gestational CPS induced long-term effects on the offspring circadian system, wherein a normal SCN coexists with altered endocrine, cardiovascular, and metabolic function.
Myocardial macronutrient transporter adaptations in the adult pregestational female intrauterine and postnatal growth-restricted offspring.; Associations between exponential childhood growth superimposed on low birth weight and adult onset cardiovascular disease with glucose intolerance/type 2 diabetes mellitus exist in epidemiological investigations. To determine the metabolic adaptations that guard against myocardial failure on subsequent exposure to hypoxia, we compared with controls (CON), the effect of intrauterine (IUGR), postnatal (PNGR), and intrauterine and postnatal (IPGR) calorie and growth restriction (n = 6/group) on myocardial macronutrient transporter (fatty acid and glucose) -mediated uptake in pregestational young female adult rat offspring. A higher myocardial FAT/CD36 protein expression in IUGR, PNGR, and IPGR, with higher FATP1 in IUGR, FATP6 in PNGR, FABP-c in PNGR and IPGR, and no change in GLUT4 of all groups was observed. These adaptive macronutrient transporter protein changes were associated with no change in myocardial [(3)H]bromopalmitate accumulation but a diminution in 2-deoxy-[(14)C]glucose uptake. Examination of the sarcolemmal subfraction revealed higher basal concentrations of FAT/CD36 in PNGR and FATP1 and GLUT4 in IUGR, PNGR, and IPGR vs. CON. Exogenous insulin uniformly further enhanced sarcolemmal association of these macronutrient transporter proteins above that of basal, with the exception of insulin resistance of FATP1 and GLUT4 in IUGR and FAT/CD36 in PNGR. The basal sarcolemmal macronutrient transporter adaptations proved protective against subsequent chronic hypoxic exposure (7 days) only in IUGR and PNGR, with notable deterioration in IPGR and CON of the echocardiographic ejection fraction. We conclude that the IUGR and PNGR pregestational adult female offspring displayed a resistance to insulin-induced translocation of FATP1, GLUT4, or FAT/CD36 to the myocardial sarcolemma due to preexistent higher basal concentrations. This basal adaptation of myocardial macronutrient transporters ensured adequate fatty acid uptake, thereby proving protective against chronic hypoxia-induced myocardial compromise.
Antenatal fetal testing in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; Most obstetricians adapt some form of strategy for antenatal fetal testing in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). There are, however, wide differences of opinion among providers as to the preferred protocol for such testing. The optimal method of fetal surveillance, the gestational age at which to start testing, the frequency of testing, and even whether all patients with GDM require antenatal testing are all controversial, unresolved issues. Indeed, in the absence of prospective, randomized clinical trials, it is impossible to determine whether antenatal fetal testing is beneficial in uncomplicated GDM. Moreover, it appears that even with the use of well-defined antenatal testing protocols, it is unavoidable that some women with GDM will experience an unexplained third trimester stillbirth. Pending the availability of solid data based on prospective trials, it is prudent to incorporate antenatal fetal testing in the management scheme of women with gestational diabetes.
The association of husbands' smoking with wives' dysglycemia status: A cross-sectional study among over 10 million Chinese women aged 20-49.; BACKGROUND: We comprehensively evaluated the association between husbands' smoking amount and wives' dysglycemia status. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study which recruited 12 023 714 reproductive couples who participated in the National Free Pre-Pregnancy Checkups Project (NFPCP) between 2015 and 2016 in China. Multivariable logistic models were used to estimate odds ratio (OR) and 95% CI. Subgroup analysis and stratified analysis were further performed to investigate potential effect modification. RESULTS: Compared to the neither-smoker group, the multivariable-adjusted ORs for diabetes mellitus (DM) among women was 1.09 (95% CI, 1.07-1.10), 1.04 (95% CI, 0.87-1.23), and 1.28 (95% CI, 1.17-1.41) in the husband-smoker, wife-smoker, and both-smokers groups, respectively. An increased risk of DM was also observed for women whose husbands smoke 1 to 10 (OR, 1.06; 95% CI, 1.04-1.07), 11 to 20 (OR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.11-1.15), and over 20 cigarettes per day (OR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.17-1.31). The prevalence of wives' DM showed significant linear trends with husbands' smoking amount (P(for trend)  < .001). A similar growth tendency was also observed between husband smoking amount and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) prevalence with ORs of 1.04 (95% CI, 1.04-1.05), 1.05 (95% CI, 1.04-1.06), and 1.09 (95% CI, 1.06-1.11) for 1-10, 11-20, and over 20 cigarettes per day, respectively. The relationship between husbands' smoking amount and wives' IFG/DM prevalence appear to be modified by body mass index (BMI). CONCLUSIONS: This study shows significant relationships between husbands' smoking and wives' risk of IFG/DM, and this result exists in both a categorical and dose-response manner. This association is modified by BMI. Family-oriented smoking interventions may both reduce husbands' active smoking and wives' risk of DM.
Gestational diabetic patients with adequate management have normal cardiovascular autonomic regulation during the third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation at rest and their responses to head-up tilt (HUT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 79 pregnant women (51 with GDM, 28 without GDM) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after parturition. The maternal electrocardiogram and arterial blood pressure were noninvasively measured. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured in the supine position and in the upright position. Stroke volume was assessed from noninvasive blood pressure signals, heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed in frequency domain, and baroreflex sensitivity by the cross-spectral and sequence methods. RESULTS: Between the GDM group and control pregnant women there were no significant differences in hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation throughout the protocol. Increased normalized low-frequency component and low-frequency to high-frequency ratio suggested a change in sympathovagal balance towards sympathetic predominance during pregnancy in both groups. The response to head-up tilt (HUT) was similar in both GDM and control pregnant women. The pregnancy modulated the response to HUT in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac index, peripheral resistance, total power of HRV, and its low- and high-frequency components. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that pregnancy modulates cardiovascular autonomic regulation and hemodynamics equally in subjects with GDM and without GDM, suggesting that metabolic disorder during pregnancy does not result in cardiovascular dysfunction when GDM is in good balance.
Transforming growth factor-beta 1 levels in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; It is known that women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) feature obesity, insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction which cause premature atherosclerosis. Transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-beta1) is a key cytokine in obesity and insulin resistance and also play important roles in the development of atherosclerosis. This study was conducted to demonstrate the serum TGF-beta1 levels of people with pGDM. Thirty women with pGDM, 20 women with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and 20 healthy women were enrolled. Serum TGF-beta1 levels of people with pGDM were found to be significantly higher than healthy controls and significantly lower than women with T2DM. TGF-beta1 levels were found to be correlated with postprandial glucose and age and inversely correlated with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference. On multiple regression analysis postprandial glucose level, age and BMI were determined as the most important factors affecting TGF-beta1 levels. This study demonstrates elevated TGF-beta1 levels in pGDM. The inflammatory response to hyperglycemia and insulin resistance could be the major factors for the increased expression of TGF-beta1.
Estudio Parto: postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the U.S. with rates consistently higher among Hispanics as compared to non-Hispanic whites. Among Hispanic women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 50% will go on to develop type 2 diabetes within 5 years of the index pregnancy. Although randomised controlled trials among adults with impaired glucose tolerance have shown that diet and physical activity reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes, such programs have not been tested in high-risk postpartum women. The overall goal of this randomised controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among postpartum Hispanic women with a history of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. METHODS/DESIGN: Hispanic pregnant women who screen positive for GDM will be recruited and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Health & Wellness (control) Intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone, and mailed materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from late pregnancy (29 weeks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific cultural and environmental challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments will be conducted at enrollment, and at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months postpartum by trained bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy will be assessed via postpartum weight loss and biomarkers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Changes in physical activity and diet will be measured via 7-day actigraph data and three unannounced 24-hour dietary recalls at each assessment time period. DISCUSSION: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and have the highest rates of sedentary behavior and postpartum diabetes after a diagnosis of GDM. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01679210.
Birth weight of offspring and insulin resistance in late adulthood: cross sectional survey.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between birth weight of offspring and mothers' insulin resistance in late adulthood. DESIGN: Cross sectional survey. SETTING: General practitioner's surgeries in 23 towns in Great Britain. PARTICIPANTS: 4286 women aged 60-79 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal insulin resistance. RESULTS: Birth weight of offspring was inversely related to maternal insulin resistance in late adulthood. For each 1 kg higher birth weight of offspring, women had a 15% reduction in the odds of being in the fourth with highest insulin resistance, compared to other fourths (odds ratio 0.85; 95% confidence interval 0.71 to 1.00). This increased to 27% (0.73; 0.60 to 0.90) after adjusting data for potential confounders. A U shaped relation between birth weight of offspring and diabetes in older age was found; women with the lightest and heaviest offspring had the highest prevalence of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight of offspring is inversely related to the mother's insulin resistance in late adulthood, despite the association of glucose intolerance during pregnancy with heavier offspring at birth. Common genetic factors contribute to the relation between birth weight and risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in adults.
The optimal control of blood glucose is associated with normal blood pressure 24 hours profile and prevention of the left ventricular remodeling in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the optimal diabetes control on the left ventricular parameters and ambulatory blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The patients with GDM were followed up according to predetermined protocol in order to optimize blood glucose and optimal weight gain. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and transthoracal and tissue echocardiography were examined in 36th week of pregnancy. RESULTS: The age of 35 women with GDM was 33.1±3 and 30.5±4.4 years in 31 healthy control subjects (p=0.2). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in the patients with GDM was 5.0±0.5 mmol/L compared to 4.6±0.3 mmol/L in control subjects (p=0.002). Average weight gain during pregnancy was significantly lower in women with GDM; 10±7.6 kg vs. 13.1±3.7 kg in healthy pregnant women (p=0.05). No significant differences were recorded in 24 hours mean heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and number of nondippers between both groups. The significant correlation was detected between FPG and blood pressure dipping in subjects with GDM. Interventricular septal, posterior wall and relative wall thickness of the left ventricle were significantly higher in patients with GDM comparing to healthy pregnant women but no significant differences of the left ventricular functions were recorded. CONCLUSION: The optimal control of diabetes in GDM is associated with normal 24 hours blood pressure profile and prevention of the left ventricular function changes in GDM patients. The differences in the left ventricular walls thicknesses may be explained by metabolic changes in GDM.
Assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus may precede development of Type 2 diabetes and may be related to cardiovascular disease. Pulse wave velocity measurement is the gold-standard method to evaluate arterial stiffness, a preclinical cardiovascular risk marker. However, the relationship between aortic stiffness and gestational diabetes is unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate aortic pulse wave velocity in women with gestational diabetes in comparison with a matched control group of healthy pregnant women. METHODS: This case-control study included 24 women with gestational diabetes and 27 matched control subjects. Clinical, demographic and laboratory variables were obtained and aortic pulse wave velocity were measured. RESULTS: Both groups had similar age, gestational age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking status and blood pressure levels. Women with gestational diabetes had aortic pulse wave velocity comparable with control subjects: 7.2 ± 0.9 vs. 7.3 ± 1.2 m/s (P = 0.79). When categorized according to the median value of pulse wave velocity (7.3 m/s), age (P < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03) and heart rate (P = 0.02) were associated with increased arterial stiffness. In the group with gestational diabetes, there was a non-significant trend towards higher 1-h postprandial glycaemia in patients with higher (above the median) pulse wave velocity (6.5 ± 0.8 vs. 7.1 ± 1.3 mmol/l, P = 0.22) and a lower prevalence of patients with good glycaemic control (38.5 vs. 72.7%, P = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS: Although gestational diabetes may be a risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease, women with gestational diabetes do not have higher aortic stiffness than healthy pregnant women. Time of exposure to hyperglycaemia may have been insufficient to increase central arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes.
Use of fetal echocardiography for characterization of fetal cardiac structure in women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function and to evaluate the efficacy of routine fetal echocardiography for detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities in women with normal pregnancies and those with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: In this prospective study, we studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 294 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 302 pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes. Fetal echocardiography (2-dimensional sonography and pulsed wave Doppler imaging) was used to assess functional parameters and to detect any cardiac structural abnormality. Data from clinical and echocardiographic evaluations of neonates at birth and 3 months were obtained to confirm the antenatal findings. RESULTS: The mean maternal age ± SD was 28.9 ± 5.0 years in the diabetes group and was comparable to that of women with normal pregnancies. The mean hemoglobin A1c value was 6.3%, and the mean body mass index was 28.0 kg/m(2). The systolic function as assessed by the ejection fraction increased significantly in the diabetes group compared to the normal pregnancy group independent of glycemic control (P < .001). The pulsed wave parameters (early diastolic peak flow velocity and early-to-late diastolic peak flow velocity ratio) were significantly different between the groups (P < .001). The interventricular septum and fetal ventricular wall thicknesses were significantly increased in the presence of gestational diabetes (P < .001). No major fetal cardiac structural anomaly was detected in either group. On follow-up after delivery, all neonates were assessed clinically and by transthoracic echocardiography to rule out congenital defects. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, significant increases in the interventricular septum and ventricular wall thicknesses were detected in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus. Interestingly, none of the neonates of pregnant women with gestational diabetes were found to have echocardiographic evidence of congenital heart disease.
Is exercise safe or useful for gestational diabetic women?; The mainstay of management of the gestational diabetic woman is dietary manipulation to achieve and maintain normoglycemia. If normoglycemia cannot be sustained by diet alone, then insulin therapy is initiated. We instituted a series of studies to observe the value and safety of a cardiovascular fitness program to improve glucose tolerance in gestational diabetic women. We first evaluated the safety for pregnant women of five aerobic exercise machines by observing the effect of these different forms of exercise on uterine activity during the third trimester. We found that upper-extremity exercise produced no uterine contractions, but lower-extremity exercise tended to produce contractions. Upper-extremity exercise, in addition to dietary therapy, was then assigned to 10 gestational diabetic women who were matched for amount of glucose intolerance to 10 gestational diabetic women managed by diet alone. The mean fasting plasma glucose +/- SD after 6 wk was 4.87 +/- 0.34 mM in the diet group versus 3.89 +/- 0.37 mM in the diet-plus-exercise group. The mean postglucose challenge in the diet group was 10.40 +/- 0.16 mM versus 5.9 +/- 1.1 mM in the diet-plus-exercise group. Thus, upper-arm exercise may provide a useful treatment option for gestational diabetes and may obviate the need for insulin.
Interaction between maternal and postnatal high fat diet leads to a greater risk of myocardial dysfunction in offspring via enhanced lipotoxicity, IRS-1 serine phosphorylation and mitochondrial defects.; Maternal overnutrition is associated with heart diseases in adult offspring. However, combined effect of maternal and postnatal fat intake on cardiac function is unknown. This study was designed to examine the impact of maternal and postnatal fat intake on metabolic, myocardial, insulin and mitochondrial responses in adult offspring. Pregnant FVB mice were fed a low fat (LF) or high fat (HF) diet during gestation and lactation. Weaning male offspring were placed on either LF or HF (calorie-restricted HF-fed mice used as weight control) for 4 months prior to assessment of metabolic indices, myocardial histology, cardiac function, insulin signaling, mitochondrial integrity and reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation. Compared with LF- and HF-fed weight-control mice, postnatal HF intake resulted in obesity, adiposity, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, cardiac hypertrophy, interrupted cardiac contractile, intracellular Ca(2+) and mitochondrial properties, all of which were significantly accentuated by prenatal fat exposure. Despite the preserved cardiac contractile function, LF offspring from HF-fed dams displayed higher body weights, increased adiposity and glucose intolerance. HF-fed mice with prenatal HF exposure displayed upregulated serine phosphorylation of IRS-1, PTP1B, the rate-limiting fatty acid synthesis enzyme stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD1) and hypertrophic markers (calcineurin A, GATA4, ANP, β-MHC and skeletal α-actin), while suppressing AMP-dependent protein kinase, glucose uptake and PGC-1α levels. Importantly, myocardial and mitochondrial ultrastructural abnormalities were more pronounced in HF-fed offspring with prenatal fat exposure, shown as loss of mitochondrial density and membrane potential, increased ROS generation and apoptosis. Our data suggest that prenatal dietary fat exposure predisposes offspring to postnatal dietary fat-induced cardiac hypertrophy and contractile defect possibly via lipotoxicity, glucose intolerance and mitochondrial dysfunction. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Focus on Cardiac Metabolism".
Cardiac diastolic evaluation in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance: an opportunity to detect the early and subclinical alterations and prevent cardiovascular diseases.; of this study were to assess diastolic function in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), compared with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) women, and to evaluate the insulin resistance status and its association with Doppler-echocardiographic indexes. Echocardiograms of 108 consecutive Caucasian women with singleton pregnancies were performed. Insulin resistance status was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). All the studied women showed normal diastolic patterns. Patients with AGT (50.9%), as compared with NGT women, had higher HOMA-IR (1.70 ± 1.30 versus 1.01 ± 0.81, P = 0.003), lower QUICKI (0.36 ± 0.005 versus 0.40 ± 0.06, P = 0.004), higher lateral mitral annulus late diastolic velocity (13.6 ± 4.9 versus 11.9 ± 4.9, P = 0.03), and higher A-wave velocity, the wave responsible for the active atrial contraction component (75.2 ± 14.2 versus 67.7 ± 16.2, P = 0.01). At multivariate regression analysis HOMA-IR was the only parameter associated with A-wave velocity. In conclusion, women with AGT had an increased subclinical diastolic active participation, which is associated with higher levels of insulin resistance. For the increased risk of deterioration of cardiac diastolic function, earlier and more seriously than normal pregnancy, AGT women may have a careful followup to detect the early signs of cardiac alteration and to prevent cardiovascular diseases.
The foetal origins of the metabolic syndrome--a South African perspective.; The developing world is experiencing a rise in the prevalence of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease to such an extent that it is often described as an epidemic. The most common explanation advanced for this phenomenon is the so-called epidemiological transition, with the biological basis of the thrifty genotype. The thrifty genotype theory suggests that genes derived from times of deprivation may result in adaptations that have adverse effects in times of plenty. However, a divergent theory is the so-called foetal origins of chronic disease, which ascribes the epidemic, in part, to an adverse intrauterine environment. There is compelling evidence, based on large numbers of epidemiological studies conducted in both developing and developed countries, that small size at birth in full-term pregnancies is linked with the subsequent development of the major features of the metabolic syndrome, namely glucose intolerance, increased blood pressure, dyslipidaemia and increased mortality from cardiovascular disease.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: a review for primary providers.; PCOS is a metabolic syndrome that exists throughout the world with much clinical heterogeneity. PCOS is now appreciated as encompassing two interrelated metabolic phenomena--insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism. Patients present with oligo-amenorrhea and clinical hyperandrogenism, and the diagnosis is based on clinical grounds with few laboratory tests necessary. Because patients are at higher than normal risk for diabetes, glucose intolerance, and hyperlipidemia, and perhaps at higher risk for coronary heart disease, newly diagnosed patients with PCOS should be evaluated for glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia. The cornerstone of therapy today includes weight management, and further therapeutic intervention is focused on reproductive and cardiovascular health and treatment of insulin resistance. Clinical case continued The 17-year-old mentioned in the beginning of this article probably does have PCOS. She fits the clinical criteria: oligo-ovulation and hyper-androgenism (the acne and hirsutism). In addition, she is obese, which is also associated with PCOS. Her TSH and prolactin were normal, and as her presentation was not suggestive of an adrenal tumor or congenital adrenal hyperplasia (she had mild hirsutism, and those diagnoses are associated with more severe hyperandrogenism), no further laboratory evaluation was deemed necessary. Once the diagnosis was made, she was screened for lipid abnormalities and for glucose intolerance. Her LDL was 150, HDL 35; oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was normal. A pregnancy test was negative, and she was started on OCPs. Devoting herself to exercise and dietary change, she lost 10 pounds in her first 3 months after diagnosis. Her hirsutism and acne have improved with the OCPs and weight loss, and her menses are regular. She has elected to defer oral insulin sensitizers until her weight loss has stabilized. Findings PCOS is common in reproductive-aged women. Diagnosis is clinical and is supported by lab findings; there is significant clinical heterogeneity. Insulin resistance is likely central to the pathophysiology along with androgen excess. Health implications include infertility, diabetes, endometrial cancer, hyperlipidemia, and possibly coronary heart disease. Treatment is evolving and includes weight loss, OCPs, and insulin sensitizers.
The usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine whether asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) concentrations are associated with ventricular function in the infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. METHOD: Twenty-five term newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes and term newborns as the control group (n = 25) with normal general health status were evaluated at two time points, on the 3rd postnatal day, at the 3th months. Echocardiographic evaluations of all participants were performed and ADMA level was measured. RESULTS: In the first analysis, 10 patients (40%) had a septal thickness of 6 mm or more, indicating septal hypertrophy. In the first and second analysis, interventricular septum end-diastolic thickness (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall end-diastolic thickness (LVPWTd) in the patient group were higher than the control group. ADMA level measurement was not significantly different between the groups the first and second analysis. There was no difference in ADMA levels of the group with septal thickness ≥6 mm and the group with <6 mm. CONCLUSION: Newborn cardiac wall thickness was increased in pregnancies complicated by Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the increase was independent of glycemic control. Diastolic newborn cardiac function was impaired in GDM, and this effect was independent of septal thickness. We found no association between ADMA levels and cardiac systolic, diastolic functions or septum thickness in the GDM newborn.
Polycystic ovary syndrome. Long term sequelae and management.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinopathies in women and is defined by hyperandrogenic chronic anovulation with the exclusion of secondary causes, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia or an androgen secreting tumor. PCOS women are uniquely insulin resistant. It is estimated that 5% of the female population is affected. The underlying genetic defect in insulin action is unknown. Obesity aggravates the underlying predisposition to insulin resistance. Diagnostic criteria which focus on menstrual irregularity are more likely to identify insulin resistant women. About 40% of PCOS women display glucose intolerance (either impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes) in response to an oral glucose challenge. Additionally women display multiple other risk factors for cardiovascular disease including dyslipidemia and elevated circulating inflammatory markers. The lack of a clear etiologic mechanism to the syndrome has led in the past to a multitude of symptom-oriented treatments with few therapies improving all aspects of the endocrine syndrome of PCOS. Recently treatments resulting in improved insulin sensitivity, either through weight loss/exercise programs or pharmaceutical, have been shown to improve both the endocrine and metabolic abnormalities in the syndrome. Anti-diabetic agents in PCOS have been examined in a number of randomized studies which have shown a treatment benefit. Further indications for these agents such as the prevention of pregnancy loss or the conversion to type 2 diabetes still need to be investigated in properly designed studies.
Maternal low-protein diet or hypercholesterolemia reduces circulating essential amino acids and leads to intrauterine growth restriction.; OBJECTIVE: We have examined maternal mechanisms for adult-onset glucose intolerance, increased adiposity, and atherosclerosis using two mouse models for intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR): maternal protein restriction and hypercholesterolemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: For these studies, we measured the amino acid levels in dams from two mouse models for IUGR: 1) feeding C57BL/6J dams a protein-restricted diet and 2) feeding C57BL/6J LDL receptor-null (LDLR(-/-)) dams a high-fat (Western) diet. RESULTS: Both protein-restricted and hypercholesterolemic dams exhibited significantly decreased concentrations of the essential amino acid phenylalanine and the essential branched chain amino acids leucine, isoleucine, and valine. The protein-restricted diet for pregnant dams resulted in litters with significant IUGR. Protein-restricted male offspring exhibited catch-up growth by 8 weeks of age and developed increased adiposity and glucose intolerance by 32 weeks of age. LDLR(-/-) pregnant dams on a Western diet also had litters with significant IUGR. Male and female LDLR(-/-) Western-diet offspring developed significantly larger atherosclerotic lesions by 90 days compared with chow-diet offspring. CONCLUSIONS: In two mouse models of IUGR, we found reduced concentrations of essential amino acids in the experimental dams. This indicated that shared mechanisms may underlie the phenotypic effects of maternal hypercholesterolemia and maternal protein restriction on the offspring.
Postpartum care for Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus across urban, rural and remote locations: a protocol for a cohort linkage study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing, along with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander (Aboriginal(a)) women in Australia particularly affected. GDM causes serious complications in pregnancy, birth, and the longer term, for women and their infants. Women with GDM have an eightfold risk of developing T2DM after pregnancy, compared to women without GDM. Indigenous women have an even higher risk, at a younger age, and progress more quickly from GDM to T2DM, compared to non-Indigenous women. If left undetected and untreated, T2DM increases risks in subsequent pregnancies, and can lead to heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, limb amputations and blindness for the woman in the longer term. A GDM diagnosis offers a 'window of opportunity' to provide acceptable and effective prevention, treatment, and postpartum care. Low rates of postpartum T2DM screening are reported among non-Aboriginal women in Australia and Indigenous women in other countries, however, data for Aboriginal women in Australia are scarce. A healthy diet, exercise and breastfeeding can delay the onset of T2DM, and together with T2DM screening are recommended elements of postpartum care for women with GDM. This paper describes methods for a study evaluating postpartum care among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with GDM. METHODS/DESIGN: This retrospective cohort includes all women who gave birth at Cairns Hospital in far north Queensland, Australia, from 2004 to 2010, coded as having GDM in the Cairns Hospital Clinical Coding system. Data is being linked with the Midwives Perinatal Data Collection, and the three local laboratories. Hospital medical records are being reviewed to validate accuracy of GDM case ascertainment, and gather information on breastfeeding and provision of dietary advice. Survival analysis is being used to estimate time to screening, and rates of progression from GDM to T2DM. Logistic regression is being used to compare postpartum care between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women, and assess factors that may be associated with provision of postpartum care. DISCUSSION: There are challenges to collecting postpartum data for women with GDM, however, this research is urgently needed to ensure adequate postpartum care is provided for women with GDM.
Back to the future: examining type 2 diabetic vasculature using the gestational diabetic placenta.; Understanding the association between the intrauterine hyperglycemic milieu and the development of adult diabetic vasculopathy is of particular relevance in India, where diabetes and vascular disease are prevalent. The gestational diabetes mellitus placenta is a valuable tool to examine blood vessels that have been exposed to hyperglycemic cues. We report an interesting observation in a cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental vasculature from South India. Transmission electron microscopy demonstrated pericyte detachment and pericyte ghost cells reminiscent of adult type 2 diabetic retinopathy, in gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental blood vessels that were not observed in non-gestational diabetes mellitus placentas (p ≤0.001). Endothelial cell irregularity was observed in 76% gestational diabetes mellitus foetal blood vessels as compared with 10.4% non-gestational diabetes mellitus placental vasculature (p ≤0.001). Other abnormalities noted in gestational diabetes mellitus placenta included mitochondrial abnormalities, increased micro vessel density and thickening of basement membranes. These results suggest that adult type 2 diabetic vasculopathy has developmental origins in utero.
The graded relationship between glucose tolerance status in pregnancy and postpartum levels of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B in young women: implications for future cardiovascular risk.; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of future cardiovascular disease, although the mediators of this risk are unknown. Because lipid factors can contribute to cardiovascular risk, we sought to characterize the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and lipid profile in pregnancy and the postpartum. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Fasting lipids were measured in 482 women in pregnancy and at 3 months postpartum. Antepartum glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) defined four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 136), GIGT (n = 89), abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT) (n = 170), and normal GCT with NGT on OGTT (normal GCT NGT) (n = 87). RESULTS: In pregnancy, there were no significant differences between the groups in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B (apoB), apolipoprotein A1 (apoA1), and apoB to apoA1 ratio. At 3 months postpartum, however, each of the following lipid parameters progressively increased from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM: total cholesterol (P = 0.0047), LDL (P = 0.0002), triglycerides (P = 0.0002), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (P < 0.0001), apoB (P = 0.0003), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (P = 0.0014). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, GDM emerged as an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol (t = 3.09, P = 0.0021), LDL (t = 3.81, P = 0.0002), triglycerides (t = 3.38, P = 0.0008), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 3.76,P = 0.0002), apoB (t = 4.12, P < 0.0001), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 3.07, P = 0.0023). GIGT was an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 2.27, P = 0.0239), apoB (t = 2.04, P = 0.0416), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 1.97, P = 0.049). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with their peers, women with GDM and GIGT have a more atherogenic lipid profile by 3 months postpartum, characterized by increased LDL and apoB.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction and premature rupture of membranes.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare individual fetal heart rate (FHR) indices, as determined by computer analysis of the tracing, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (PIH), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and premature rupture of membranes (pPROM). METHODS: The study population consisted of 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by PIH, 100 pregnant women affected by IUGR, 100 with premature rupture of membranes far from the term (pPROM) and 100 normal pregnancies matched for age, parity and gestation as controls. The 30-min FHR tracing was analyzed by computer. RESULTS: Baseline FHR, the duration of episodes of low variation and short-term variation was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases than in controls; only in PIH, IUGR and pPROM were a significant reduction of the numbers of fetal movements. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates that pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases do an impact on FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well-being. Computerized FHR tracing analysis may improve the clinical care and the timing of delivery.
Prenatal dexamethasone programs expression of genes in liver and adipose tissue and increased hepatic lipid accumulation but not obesity on a high-fat diet.; The association between low birth weight and cardiovascular disease is amplified by the development of obesity. We explored the effects of postnatal high-fat (HF) feeding in dexamethasone (Dex)-programmed rats, in which prenatal glucocorticoid overexposure is associated with reduced birth weight and adult glucose intolerance. Male Wistar rats exposed to Dex or vehicle (Veh) during the last week of gestation were weaned onto HF or control diets for 6 months. Dex-exposed animals were of lower birth weight and showed catch-up growth by 7 wk. There were no differences in obesity or hyperinsulinaemia between Dex-HF and Veh-HF animals. However, Dex-HF animals had increased hepatic triglyceride content compared with Veh-HF animals. mRNA transcript profiles in adipose tissue revealed depot-specific changes in the expression of genes involved in fatty acid esterification and triglyceride synthesis and storage with prenatal Dex exposure. Thus, antenatal glucocorticoid overexposure in rats does not confer increased sensitivity to HF diet-induced obesity, but increases susceptibility to fatty liver. This may be due to depot-specific-programmed alterations in fat metabolism in adipose tissue.
Antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in pregnancy with uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus: a case report.; Antepartum pituitary necrosis is a rare medical condition that has only been reported in pregnant women with type I diabetes attributable to diabetes-related vasculopathy and hypercoagulability. We present for the first time a case of antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in an uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patient. The patient was a 32-yr-old woman at 33 weeks and 2 days of gestation. She suffered from severe headache, blurred vision, dizziness, and vomiting. Her baby was delivered by Cesarean section. The brain magnetic resonance images revealed pituitary necrosis. This suggests that pituitary gland necrosis may also complicate GDM pregnancy when glucose levels are uncontrolled.
Early manifestation of cardiovascular disease risk factors in offspring of mothers with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; This study investigated the long-term adverse effects of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in offspring. A total of 298 offspring (202 offspring of GDM mothers and 96 offspring of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) participated in the study. CVD risk factors included elevated body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, body fat, blood pressure, lipid profiles, and glucose values measured with a 2h oral glucose tolerance test. The BMI of offspring >or=5 years of age of GDM mothers was significantly higher than that of offspring of mothers with IGT when analysed according to age. In offspring of GDM mothers, CVD risk factors were positively correlated with age, except for lipid profiles. A significant negative relationship between age and BMI was observed in offspring of IGT mothers. The slope of the linear regression lines for BMI and fasting plasma insulin levels with age were significantly steeper for the offspring of GDM mothers than for those of IGT mothers. We conclude that childhood obesity, as well as altered glucose metabolism influenced by the maternal uterine environment, is more likely with advancing years in the offspring of GDM mothers than in the offspring of IGT mothers.
Can the Onset of Type 2 Diabetes Be Delayed by a Group-Based Lifestyle Intervention in Women with Prediabetes following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM)? Findings from a Randomized Control Mixed Methods Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a 12-week group-based lifestyle intervention programme for women with prediabetes following gestational diabetes (GDM). DESIGN: A two-group, mixed methods randomized controlled trial in which 50 women with a history of GDM and abnormal glucose tolerance postpartum were randomly assigned to intervention (n = 24) or wait control (n = 26) and postintervention qualitative interviews with participants. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Modifiable biochemical, anthropometric, behavioural, and psychosocial risk factors associated with the development of type 2 diabetes. The primary outcome variable was the change in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from study entry to one-year follow-up. RESULTS: At one-year follow-up, the intervention group showed significant improvements over the wait control group on stress, diet self-efficacy, and quality of life. There was no evidence of an effect of the intervention on measures of biochemistry or anthropometry; the effect on one health behaviour, diet adherence, was close to significance. CONCLUSIONS: Prevention programmes must tackle the barriers to participation faced by this population; home-based interventions should be investigated. Strategies for promoting long-term health self-management need to be developed and tested.
Oral antidiabetic agents: current role in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a progressive and complex disorder that is difficult to treat effectively in the long term. The majority of patients are overweight or obese at diagnosis and will be unable to achieve or sustain near normoglycaemia without oral antidiabetic agents; a sizeable proportion of patients will eventually require insulin therapy to maintain long-term glycaemic control, either as monotherapy or in conjunction with oral antidiabetic therapy. The frequent need for escalating therapy is held to reflect progressive loss of islet beta-cell function, usually in the presence of obesity-related insulin resistance. Today's clinicians are presented with an extensive range of oral antidiabetic drugs for type 2 diabetes. The main classes are heterogeneous in their modes of action, safety profiles and tolerability. These main classes include agents that stimulate insulin secretion (sulphonylureas and rapid-acting secretagogues), reduce hepatic glucose production (biguanides), delay digestion and absorption of intestinal carbohydrate (alpha-glucosidase inhibitors) or improve insulin action (thiazolidinediones). The UKPDS (United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study) demonstrated the benefits of intensified glycaemic control on microvascular complications in newly diagnosed patients with type 2 diabetes. However, the picture was less clearcut with regard to macrovascular disease, with neither sulphonylureas nor insulin significantly reducing cardiovascular events. The impact of oral antidiabetic agents on atherosclerosis--beyond expected effects on glycaemic control--is an increasingly important consideration. In the UKPDS, overweight and obese patients randomised to initial monotherapy with metformin experienced significant reductions in myocardial infarction and diabetes-related deaths. Metformin does not promote weight gain and has beneficial effects on several cardiovascular risk factors. Accordingly, metformin is widely regarded as the drug of choice for most patients with type 2 diabetes. Concern about cardiovascular safety of sulphonylureas has largely dissipated with generally reassuring results from clinical trials, including the UKPDS. Encouragingly, the recent Steno-2 Study showed that intensive target-driven, multifactorial approach to management, based around a sulphonylurea, reduced the risk of both micro- and macrovascular complications in high-risk patients. Theoretical advantages of selectively targeting postprandial hyperglycaemia require confirmation in clinical trials of drugs with preferential effects on this facet of hyperglycaemia are currently in progress. The insulin-sensitising thiazolidinedione class of antidiabetic agents has potentially advantageous effects on multiple components of the metabolic syndrome; the results of clinical trials with cardiovascular endpoints are awaited. The selection of initial monotherapy is based on a clinical and biochemical assessment of the patient, safety considerations being paramount. In some circumstances, for example pregnancy or severe hepatic or renal impairment, insulin may be the treatment of choice when nonpharmacological measures prove inadequate. Insulin is also required for metabolic decompensation, that is, incipient or actual diabetic ketoacidosis, or non-ketotic hyperosmolar hyperglycaemia. Certain comorbidities, for example presentation with myocardial infarction during other acute intercurrent illness, may make insulin the best option. Oral antidiabetic agents should be initiated at a low dose and titrated up according to glycaemic response, as judged by measurement of glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentration, supplemented in some patients by self monitoring of capillary blood glucose. The average glucose-lowering effect of the major classes of oral antidiabetic agents is broadly similar (averaging a 1-2% reduction in HbA1c), alpha-glucosidase inhibitors being rather less effective. Tailoring the treatment to the individual patient is an important principle. Doses are gradually titrated up according to response. However, the maximal glucose-lowering action for sulphonylureas is usually attained at appreciably lower doses (approximately 50%) than the manufacturers' recommended daily maximum. Combinations of certain agents, for example a secretagogue plus a biguanide or a thiazolidinedione, are logical and widely used, and combination preparations are now available in some countries. While the benefits of metformin added to a sulphonylurea were initially less favourable in the UKPDS, longer-term data have allayed concern. When considering long-term therapy, issues such as tolerability and convenience are important additional considerations. Neither sulphonylureas nor biguanides are able to appreciably alter the rate of progression of hyperglycaemia in patients with type 2 diabetes. Preliminary data suggesting that thiazolidinediones may provide better long-term glycaemic stability are currently being tested in clinical trials; current evidence, while encouraging, is not conclusive. Delayed progression from glucose intolerance to type 2 diabetes in high-risk individuals with glucose intolerance has been demonstrated with troglitazone, metformin and acarbose. However, intensive lifestyle intervention can be more effective than drug therapy, at least in the setting of interventional clinical trials. No antidiabetic drugs are presently licensed for use in prediabetic individuals.
The postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with isolated hyperglycemia at 1-hour on the oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an enhanced cardiovascular risk factor profile at 3-months postpartum and an elevated risk of future cardiovascular disease, as compared to their peers. Recently, it has emerged that even mild dysglycemia on antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) predicts an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease, although it is not known whether there exists an identifiable high-risk subgroup within this patient population. Since gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) due to isolated hyperglycemia at 1-h during the OGTT (1-h GIGT) bears metabolic similarity to GDM, we hypothesized that, like GDM, 1-h GIGT may predict a high-risk postpartum cardiovascular phenotype. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this prospective cohort study, 485 women underwent antepartum OGTT, followed by cardiovascular risk factor assessment at 3-months postpartum. The antepartum OGTT identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); 1-h GIGT (n = 39); GIGT at 2- or 3-h (2/3-h GIGT)(n = 50); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT)(n = 259). After adjustment for age, ethnicity, breastfeeding and waist circumference, mean levels of the following cardiovascular risk factors progressively increased from NGT to 2/3-h GIGT to 1-h GIGT to GDM: LDL cholesterol (p = 0.0026); total cholesterol:HDL (p = 0.0030); apolipoprotein B (p = 0.004); apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A1 (p = 0.026); leptin (p = 0.018); and C-reactive protein (p = 0.011). CONCLUSIONS: Amongst women without GDM, 1-h GIGT predicts an enhanced postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. It thus emerges, that amongst young women with mild dysglycemia in pregnancy, those with 1-h GIGT may comprise an unrecognized patient population at risk for future cardiovascular disease.
Increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in first-degree relatives of girls with a history of precocious pubarche.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether abnormal responses to an oral glucose load, dyslipidaemia and hyperandrogenaemia, which are commonly found in girls with a history of precocious pubarche, can also be detected in first-degree relatives of these patients. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty first-degree relatives (age, 41.4 +/- 4.4 years; BMI, 26.9 +/- 3.3 kg/m2) of girls diagnosed with precocious pubarche were studied. The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and the hirsutism score were assessed in the females. The study was performed during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle in females and at random in males. MEASUREMENTS: All subjects underwent a standard 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Serum lipids and lipoproteins were measured in baseline blood samples in all subjects, while serum testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indices were determined only in females. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. RESULTS: Seven subjects (11.6%) had type 2 diabetes while a further 14 (23.3%) had IGT; prevalences significantly higher than those reported for the present population of the same age (type 2 diabetes, 2.5% and IGT, 7. 5%; P < 0.001 and P < 0.001, respectively). BMIs were similar in patients with either normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. Abnormal levels of at least two lipid parameters were found in 40% of subjects. Four out of 10 hirsute women and six non-hirsute women reported gestational diabetes. Mean serum SHBG levels were lower in female relatives compared with population controls (P < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: First-degree relatives of girls with precocious pubarche are at a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes which, in most cases, is accompanied by an unfavourable lipid profile. Hyperandrogenism and an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus are frequent among females. These data may prove useful in identifying a specific subset of the population at increased risk of developing metabolic disturbances known to predispose to cardiovascular disease.
Decreased paraoxonase and arylesterase activities in the pathogenesis of future atherosclerotic heart disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate serum paraoxonase, arlyesterase activities, and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, and LOOH levels were assessed for GDM cases (n = 55) and controls (n = 59). Serum basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. RESULTS: Basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were significantly lower (p = 0.002, p = 0.004; and p = 0.013, respectively) in patients with GDM compared to controls, while LOOH levels were significantly higher (p < 0.001). Among gestational diabetes patients, serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were inversely correlated with LOOH levels (r = - 0.390, p = 0.003; and r = - 0.287, p = 0.034, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Findings of the present study have shown that serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities are significantly reduced in women with GDM. Decreased serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities might play a role in the potential early pathogenesis for atherosclerotic heart disease in GDM beyond their antioxidant properties.
Effects of maternal dietary manipulation during different periods of pregnancy on hepatic glucogenic capacity in fetal and pregnant rats near term.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Low birth weight is associated with an increased incidence of adult glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in humans. In pregnant rats, dietary calorie or protein deprivation results in growth retarded pups, which become glucose intolerant adults with abnormal hepatic glucose metabolism and gluconeogenic enzyme activities. However, whether these abnormalities are present before birth remain unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: This study examined the effects of manipulating dietary protein and carbohydrate intake during rat pregnancy on the fetal and maternal hepatic activities of the gluconeogenic enzymes, glucose-6-phosphatase (G6Pase) and phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK). Wistar rats were fed ad libitum with either standard chow throughout pregnancy (25% protein, 57% carbohydrate, n=6) or an isocaloric, low protein, high carbohydrate diet (LPHC, 8% protein, 81% carbohydrate) for different periods of pregnancy (early, 0-10 days, n=6; late, 10-20 days, n=7; throughout, 0-20 days, n=6) before tissue collection at day 20. The LPHC diet had no effect on fetal or placental weights, or on fetal hepatic activities of G6Pase and PEPCK in the early LPHC group. In contrast, fetuses of dams fed the LPHC diet in late or throughout pregnancy had lower body and placental weights, and higher hepatic G6Pase and PEPCK activities than controls. Maternal hepatic G6Pase activity was elevated in all LPHC groups, while maternal PEPCK activity was only increased significantly in the late LPHC group. CONCLUSIONS: Feeding a LPHC diet, particularly during late pregnancy, therefore, up-regulates fetal and maternal hepatic glucogenic capacity.
Biochemical view on: Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.; Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing diabetes mellitus, which is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance. In the recently published article by Zajdenverg et al., they aimed to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. However, authors did not evaluate the role of total homocysteine, which has important effects for endothelial dysfunction. Vitamin B12 and folic acid are important vitamins since their deficiency may lead to the probable microvascular abnormalities by increasing the tHcy, which is an independent risk factor for endothelial dysfunction.
Novel MYH7 Variant in the Neonate of a Mother with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Showing Left Ventricular Hypertrophy and Noncompaction.; BACKGROUND: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is a well-recognized cardiac dysfunction in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a cardiomyopathy that is morphologically characterized by numerous prominent trabeculations and deep intertrabecular recesses on cardiovascular imaging. However, there have been no case reports on neonates of mothers with GDM showing LVH and LVNC. CASE PRESENTATION: A patient, with LVH of a mother with GDM, was delivered at 36 weeks of gestation. Prominent trabeculations in the LV, suggesting LVNC, instead of LVH, were apparent 1 week after birth. A heterozygous deletion variant in the MYH7 gene (NM_000257.4: c.1090T>C, p.Phe364Leu) was discovered through genetic testing using a cardiomyopathy-associated gene panel in the patient and his father and the older brother who had LVNC. The patient is now 5 years old and does not have major cardiac events, although LVNC persisted. This is the first case of LVH secondary to a mother with GDM and LVNC with a novel variant in the MYH7 gene. CONCLUSION: Genetic testing should be conducted to obtain an accurate outcome and medical care in a patient with LVH and subsequently prominent hypertrabeculation in the LV.
Prevalence of the impaired glucose metabolism and its association with risk factors for coronary artery disease in women with gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased risk of diabetes (DM2), a coronary artery disease (CAD) equivalent. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism (IGM) in GDM and its association with risk factors for CAD. A cohort of 109 women with GDM underwent a glucose tolerance test which classified them into three groups: diabetic (DM2) (fasting glucose (G) >or=126mg/dl or plasma glucose 2h (2-h G) >or=200mg/dl); impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (G 100-125mg/dl and/or 2-h G 140-199mg/dl); and normal (N) (G<100mg/dl and/or 2-h<140mg/dl). They were compared for pre-gestational (PBMI) and current (CBMI) body mass index, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), G, lipids, fibrinogen and C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Thirty two months after delivery, 17.4% presented DM2, 39.4% IGT and 43.1% were N. PBMI, CBMI, SBP and DBP were significantly higher in the DM2 than N. G was higher in DM2 and IGT. HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) was higher in the N (p=0.02) and the triglycerides (TG) were higher in DM2 (p=0.02). The groups showed significantly different levels of hsCRP (p=0.002). We conclude that the high prevalence of IGM, overweight/obesity, dyslipidemia and altered inflammatory markers, make GDM a high-risk situation for CAD.
Absence of telomere shortening and oxidative DNA damage in the young adult offspring of women with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The offspring of mothers with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes (PGDM) may be at increased risk of glucose intolerance and cardiovascular disease in childhood. The underlying causes of these observations, and whether they persist into adulthood, are unknown. The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis that fetal chromosomal telomere oxidative DNA damage resulting from maternal PGDM programmes the offspring towards a senescent phenotype that is detectable in young adulthood. METHODS: We studied 21 young adult offspring (age 16-23 years) with a maternal history of PGDM and 23 age- and weight-matched controls with no maternal history of diabetes. All participants underwent anthropometric assessments, a standard 75 g OGTT, measurement of peripheral blood mononuclear cell and skin fibroblast telomere length, fibroblast senescence, cell DNA damage (by determination of 8-oxoguanine levels using flow cytometry), plasma lipoprotein profiles (determined by nuclear magnetic resonance) and plasma levels of soluble adhesion molecules and inflammatory markers. RESULTS: The groups did not differ significantly with respect to anthropometric measures, glucose tolerance, fasting and 2 h plasma insulin levels during OGTT, estimated peripheral insulin resistance, peripheral blood mononuclear cell or fibroblast telomere length, DNA damage or senescence in vitro, plasma NMR lipoprotein profiles or levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Plasma concentrations of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1; p < 0.05) and IL-6 (p = 0.08) were higher in the PGDM offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Young adult offspring of mothers with PGDM do not differ in terms of glucose tolerance, DNA damage or telomere length from controls of the same weight and BMI. This does not preclude such abnormalities at an earlier age, but there is no evidence of telomere damage as a pre-programming mechanism in the young adults enrolled in this study.
Author response: cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.; This commentary is an author response to Lu and Wang, regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding duplication of studies in the meta-analysis and the quality of included studies.
The NHLBI twin study of cardiovascular disease risk factors: methodology and summary of results.; Coronary heart disease (CHD) risk factors were studied in 250 monozygotic (MZ) and 264 dizygotic (DZ) male veteran twin pairs, aged 42-56. All coronary heart disease risk factors studied showed significant correlations in both MZ and DZ twins. Substantial genetic variation was detected for height, blood pressure, glucose intolerance, uric acid, plasma triglyceride, and relative weight but little or no significant genetic variability in low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL), high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL), total plasma cholesterol or hematocrit was demonstrable. These findings suggest that familial aggregation results from genetic influence on blood pressure, glucose intolerance, uric acid, triglyceride and, possibly, obesity, while largely shared environmental factors contribute to familial similarities in HDL, LDL, total cholesterol and hematocrit.
Following in mother's footsteps? Mother-daughter risks for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease 15 years after gestational diabetes.; AIMS: To determine effects on mothers and daughters of gestational diabetes mellitus/gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/GIGT) on their future metabolic and cardiovascular risks. METHODS: Case mothers who had GDM/GIGT in pregnancy (cases; n = 90) and normoglycaemic control women (n = 99) and their daughters underwent lifestyle assessment and metabolic tests 15-years post-partum. RESULTS: Prevalence of glucose intolerance (GI) in daughters was 1.1%. Maternal prevalence was 44.4% in cases compared to 13.1% in controls, with conversion best predicted by weight gain. Case daughters had higher insulin resistance (IR) and greater waist circumference (WC) (51.2%) relative to control daughters (36.4%, p < 0.05) made worse if case mothers became GI at follow-up (65%) (relative risk =1.8; 95% confidence interval 1.2-2.9). In multivariable linear regression analyses adjusting for daughters' birthweight, maternal obesity (> 30.0 kg/m(2)) at 15years and mothers' case-control status were strong predictors of daughters' WC (p < 0.01; P < 0.01, respectively). For daughters' body mass index (BMI) percentile and percentage of body fat, maternal obesity was a stronger predictor (p < 0.01; p < 0.001)) than mothers' case-control status (p < 0.01; P = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS: GDM/GIGT pregnancies led to increased conversion to GI in mothers, minimal in daughters. Case daughters have increased risk of central adiposity and insulin resistance, whereas maternal obesity strongly predicted daughters' BMI percentile and per cent of body fat. Controlling hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and family weight management may provide the key to preventing offspring obesity and glucose intolerance post GDM/GIGT.
Plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor levels are not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes.; We aimed to determine plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) antigen levels in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the possible association of plasma TAFI with glucose intolerance and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. This cross-sectional study was performed in 111 women with previous GDM and 60 controls. Glucose intolerance was evaluated. Homeostasis model assessment score was calculated. Circulating lipids, interleukin-6, matrix metalloproteinase-1, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and TAFI antigen levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Women with previous GDM had increased levels of atherosclerosis markers and carotid IMT. On the other hand, plasma TAFI antigen levels were similar (P = .395). Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor was not associated with the indices of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, markers of atherosclerosis, and carotid IMT. Our data demonstrated that plasma TAFI was not altered in women with previous GDM. TAFI was not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis.
Evaluation of the future atherosclerotic heart disease with oxidative stress and carotid artery intima media thickness in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: In this study our aim was to evaluate paraoxonase (PON1) activity and free sulfhydryl groups (-SH) as antioxidative parameters and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) as oxidative parameter in the serum of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and determine their relation with the degree of subclinical atherosclerosis. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Serum samples from 39 pregnant women complicated with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of oxidative markers. Common carotid artery intima media thickness (CIMT) was measured for both groups to assess future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. PON1 activity and -SH were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. RESULTS: CIMT and LOOH levels were significantly higher (p = 0.01, p < 0.001, respectively) in GDM group compared to controls, whereas PON1 and -SH levels were significantly lower (p < 0.001 for both). CIMT values were significantly correlated with body mass index (BMI), 50 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) (p = 0.003, p = 0.02, and p = 0.03, respectively). However, there was no correlation between CIMT and oxidative markers. CONCLUSIONS: Increased levels of LOOH and decreased levels of PON1 and -SH showed disturbance of antioxidative mechanisms in GDM. These changes were associated with increased BMI and MABP which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. Furthermore, increased CIMT values in GDM compared to healthy controls designate increased risk of future atherosclerotic heart disease.
Thiamine supplementation to prevent induction of low birth weight by conventional therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus.; Conventional treatment for gestational diabetes mellitus increases the proportion of infants born with a low birth weight, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in later life. Thiamine supplementation during pregnancy may be shown to be a safe preventive measure. During pregnancy, approximately 50% of the women develop a biochemical thiamine deficiency, whereas the thiamine status falls, but remains within normal limits, in most other women. Thiamine is essential for glucose oxidation, insulin production by pancreatic beta-cells and cell growth. It is therefore likely that thiamine supplementation in pregnant women not only improves their glucose tolerance but also stimulates the intra-uterine growth, thereby preventing a low birth weight to ensue from conventional therapy which only improves glucose tolerance.
The small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The lipoprotein subfraction particle profile can be used to improve clinical assessments of cardiovascular disease risk and contribute to early detection of atherogenic dyslipidemia. Lipid alterations in gestational diabetes have been extensively studied, but the results have been inconsistent. Here, we investigated serum lipoprotein subfraction particle levels and their association with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy. METHODS: Twenty-eight pregnant women with gestational diabetes and 56 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance matched for body mass index were enrolled in this study. We assessed fasting serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein subfraction particle levels in participants between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: The level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was significantly lower in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance, but the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels of the two groups were similar. Lipoprotein particle analysis showed that very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle number and the small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle (sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P) ratio were significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.013 and P = 0.015, respectively). In multivariate analysis, fasting glucose was independently and positively associated with sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio even after adjustment for maternal age, gestational weight gain, BMI and LDL cholesterol (standardized Beta = 0.214, P = 0.029). CONCLUSIONS: The sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio is higher in GDM compared with non-diabetic pregnant women, and positively and independently associated with fasting glucose in pregnant women.
Role of Ductus Venosus Doppler Sonography for the Prediction of Perinatal Outcome in Term Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; PURPOSE: Ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry reflects fetal cardiac function. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is assumed to impair cardiac function due to fetal hyperglycemia. The purpose of this study was to assess the ability of DV Doppler to predict an adverse perinatal outcome (APO) in term pregnancies with GDM. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study including GDM pregnancies of singleton, non-anomalous fetuses without any signs of placental dysfunction. All GDM women who primarily had a vaginal delivery attempt and in which DV Doppler was examined from 37+0 weeks on were included. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses were performed to assess the predictive value of DV pulsatility index (DV-PI) regarding a composite APO (CAPO). Furthermore, a subgroup analysis was performed regarding the presence of a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborn. RESULTS: A total of n=89 cases were included. Overall, CAPO occurred in 26 out of 89 cases (29.2%). All DV Doppler examinations showed a positive A wave. DV-PI was>95th percentile in 8 out of 89 cases (9%). Overall, ROC analysis showed no significant association of DV-PI with CAPO (AUC=0.523, p=0.735). However, regarding individual APO parameters, ROC analysis showed a significant association of DV-PI with 5th-min AGPAR (AUC=0.960, p=0.027), which was not confirmed after exclusion of LGA cases. CONCLUSION: In GDM pregnancies at term, DV Doppler sonography seems to have no benefit for APO prediction.
Kickboxing a cardiomyopathy: mitochondrial sequencing provides answer for young athlete and her family.; Mitochondrial diseases are rare, often go undiagnosed and can lead to devastating cascades of multisystem organ dysfunction. This report of a young woman with hearing loss and gestational diabetes illustrates a novel presentation of a cardiomyopathy caused by a previously described mutation in a mitochondrial gene, MT-TL1. She initially had biventricular heart dysfunction and ventricular arrhythmia that ultimately recovered with beta blockade and time. She continues to participate in sport without decline. It is important to keep mitochondrial diseases in the differential diagnosis and understand the testing and management strategies in order to provide the best patient care.
[Role of physical activity in the therapy and prevention of Type II diabetes mellitus].; Increased physical activity should be part of the treatment for non insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Increased physical activity delays the onset of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or even prevents the disease in about 50% of susceptible individuals (positive family history of NIDDM, body-mass index > 25, hypertension or gestational diabetes). Regular exercise has been shown to lower plasma triglyceride and to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Exercise has also beneficial effects on hypertension, body composition and fat distribution. Improved glucose tolerance has been achieved in type II diabetic patients in as little as one week with an exercise program. The beneficial effect of regular exercise on glucose control appears to reflect the cumulative effect of transient improvement in glucose tolerance following each individual bout of exercise. Increased insulin sensitivity is lost after as little as three days of inactivity. Most studies suggest that the maximum benefit from exercise is most likely to occur in patients with mild diabetes in whom insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia are present (i.e. patients with fasting blood glucose of < 11 mM). The recommended frequency and duration of exercise is three times per week or every other day and, as adjunct for weight reduction, five to seven times per week for 30 to 45 min. at an intensity of 50 to 70% VO2max (or 60 to 80% of maximal the heart rate). Because of the high incidence of ischemic heart disease in type II diabetic patients, patients older than 35 years of age should undergo a graded exercise stress electrocardiogram. Attention should be paid to foot-care and the use of appropriate footwear and diabetic late complications, such as autonomic and peripheral neuropathy. Older obese NIDDM patients can achieve significant metabolic benefits from low-intensity programs, such as daily walking, which can be easily incorporated into daily living. Taking the necessary precautions, most patients with diabetes can take part in a monitored exercise program safely.
Obstetric management of obesity in pregnancy.; Rates of obesity among the pregnant population have increased substantially and adiposity has a damaging effect on every aspect of female reproductive life. This review summarises epidemiological data concerning obesity-related complications of pregnancy. Obesity is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, postdates pregnancy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarean section, postpartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism, and increased hospital stay. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity. Their obstetric management should be consultant-led and involve a multidisciplinary team approach to improve outcome.
Class H diabetes and pregnancy.; Class H diabetes is defined as the presence of diabetes of any duration associated with ischemic myocardial disease. Because of a lack of experience with the coexistence of myocardial ischemic disease and diabetes during pregnancy, it is difficult to offer patients an accurate prognosis for mother and infant during such a gestation. Previous reports suggest that outcomes in this situation are almost routinely poor. It is likely, however, that there is a subset of patients within the class H diabetic population in whom pregnancy can be successful. Reported are the pregnancies of three such patients. The authors suggest that careful attention to cardiac status and glycemic control contribute to both maternal and fetal well-being. Prepregnancy screening of class H patients for evidence of cardiac dysfunction may allow for the screening of those class H diabetic women who are most likely to achieve successful pregnancy outcome.
Correction: Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study.; [This corrects the article DOI: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1002488.].
[Severe diabetic fetopathy due to undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus].; HISTORY AND FINDINGS: A 39 year-old pregnant woman (with one healthy 11 year-old daughter) presented at the antenatal care clinic for routine non-stress test (NST) at the due date. The NST demonstrated normal fetal heart pattern. No anamnestic or clinical risk factors for diabetes during the course of pregnancy were noted in the case file. Ultrasound examinations up to 30 weeks of gestation had shown fetal growth appropriate for gestational age. Two days later, the NST was non-reacting with almost no heart rate variability, indicating an acute fetal risk. While the condition of the fetus was being further assessed by Doppler sonography, a fall in fetal heart rate prompted an emergency section for fetal bradycardia. The male newborn had marked macrosomia (birth weight 5180 g). The pH in umbilical artery blood of 6,77 indicated severe intrauterine hypoxia. Apgar score was 0/1/5. Absence of heart beat and of spontaneous breathing required resuscitation. Echocardiography revealed a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with dysfunction of the right ventricle and hepatomegaly indicating diabetic fetal pathology. The placenta displayed typical signs of carbohydrate disorder. The maternal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test confirmed the suspicion of maternal diabetes (glucose values 96/210/215 mg/dl). TREATMENT AND COURSE: During the next the day the infant developed multi-organ failure involving the liver and kidneys, myocardial infarction with pericardial effusion and myoclonic seizures. His condition improved slowly under measures to stabilize the circulation, substitution of clotting factors and anticonvulsive therapy. Mechanical ventilation had to be continued for 5 weeks. Examination at 4 months of age revealed marked neurological abnormalities. The mother was referred to a diabetes specialist for further management. CONCLUSION: Undiagnosed and therefore untreated severe gestational diabetes may have fatal consequences for the fetus. Expert committees of obstetricians and diabetes specialists have recommended blood glucose screening between 24 - 28 weeks of gestation of every pregnant woman as part of the routine prenatal care.
Cardiometabolic profile of people screened for high risk of type 2 diabetes in a national diabetes prevention programme (FIN-D2D).; AIMS: To study screening of high-risk individuals as part of a national diabetes prevention programme in primary health care settings in Finland between 2003 and 2007, and evaluate the cardiometabolic risk profile of persons identified for intervention. METHODS: High-risk individuals were identified by the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC), history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease (CVD), or gestational diabetes. Participants subsequently underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. CVD morbidity risk was estimated by the Framingham Study Risk Equation and CVD mortality risk by the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation Formula (SCORE). RESULTS: A high-risk cohort of 10,149 (of whom 30.3% men) was identified (mean age 54.7 for men, 53.0 for women). Altogether 18.8% of men and 11.5% of women had screen-detected diabetes. In total 68.1% of men and 49.4% of women had abnormal glucose tolerance (IFG, IGT or screen-detected diabetes). Furthermore, 43.2% and 41.5% of men, and 13.3% and 11.3% of women, respectively, had a high predicted risk of CVD morbidity or mortality. CONCLUSION: Prevalence of dysglycemia including undiagnosed diabetes and the predicted risk for CVD was alarmly high in the identified high-risk cohort, particularly in men.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy secondary to adrenal adenoma. A case report and literature review.; We describe a case of Cushing's syndrome complicating pregnancy presented with acute heart failure, hypertension and glucose intolerance. A left adrenal adenoma was removed at 24 weeks of gestation. The pregnancy was ended with an emergency lower-segment Caesarean section at 31 weeks of gestation because of severe pre-eclampsia and HELLP syndrome. The case is reported not only because of its rarity but also to induce the discussion of surgical treatment during pregnancy.
[Chronic complications of polycystic ovary syndrome. Review].; In addition to neuroendocrine abnormalities, women with polycystic ovary syndrome have insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction associated with a high frequency of metabolic syndrome components, such as glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM-2), dyslipidemia and a higher risk for endothelial dysfunction, haemostatic abnormalities, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Obesity, a common finding in this disorder, plays an important role in the development of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. Early identification of patients and prompt initiation of insulin sensitizing therapy by pharmacological agents or changes in life style such diet and exercise might improve the metabolic and endocrine abnormalities and reduce the risk of DM-2 and cardiovascular disease in these patients.
Anesthetic management of vaginal delivery in a parturient with hemochromatosis induced end-organ failure.; The vast majority of females affected by hemochromatosis are asymptomatic during childbearing years. We were able to provide effective obstetric anesthesia care to a 35-year-old woman with severe hemochromatosis. She had systolic heart failure with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 15%, severe pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, a history of ventricular tachycardia, cirrhosis, obstructive sleep apnea, gestational diabetes, and severe scoliosis. A multidisciplinary approach was used to stabilize her heart failure and prepare her for childbirth. An arterial line and epidural analgesic were placed before induction of labor. Vaginal delivery was accomplished with passive decent of the fetus and forceps assistance. We discuss hemochromatosis and its implications for the parturient.
[Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood].; OBJECTIVE: To study the feasibility of umbilical cord brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level measurement for the evaluation of perinatal cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels and the influence of abnormal blood glucose on fetal cardiac function. METHODS: Twenty-four mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (n=18) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n=6) (diabetic group) were classified into two subgroups according to blood glucose level before delivery: good (n=17) and poor (n=7) glucose control. They underwent fetal echocardiography in their late pregnant periods and fetal cardiac sizes and function were measured. Twenty-five normal pregnant mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations were measured at delivery. RESULTS: The umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations in the diabetic group were significantly higher than in the control group(114.0+/-39.0 pg/mL vs 80.6+/-13.7 pg/mL; p<0.01). The poor glucose control subgroup demonstrated higher umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations than the good glucose control subgroup (142.1+/-44.1 pg/mL vs 102.4+/-31.2 pg/mL; p<0.01). No difference was found between the gestational diabetes mellitus and the impaired glucose tolerance groups. The BNP concentration was positively correlated to the thicknesses of fetal left ventricular walls and the peak velocities of mitral A wave (r=0.715, 0.491 respectively, p<0.05), and negatively correlated to the mitral E/A ratio (r=-0.507, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The fetuses of pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels have an increased BNP level in umbilical cord blood. Umbilical cord BNP level is related to maternal blood glucose control and the changes in fetal cardiac function. It may reflex the latent impairments of fetal cardiac function. A good glucose control may decrease the impact of abnormal maternal blood glucose on fetal hearts.
Hypoadiponectinaemia in South Asian women during pregnancy: evidence of ethnic variation in adiponectin concentration.; AIMS: People of South Asian descent face an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with other ethnic groups. One candidate factor underlying this risk may be adiponectin, as circulating levels of this adipocyte-derived protein are reduced in both Type 2 DM and CAD. In a recent study, we assessed the relationship between adiponectin and gestational diabetes (GDM), a potential model of early events in the natural history of Type 2 DM. Here, we report the impact of ethnicity on plasma adiponectin concentration in that study. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed in 180 women undergoing oral glucose tolerance testing in late second or early third trimester to investigate the relationship between adiponectin and glucose tolerance in pregnancy. Based on self-reported ethnicity, participants were stratified into three groups: (i) Caucasian (n = 116), (ii) South Asian (n = 31), and (iii) Asian (n = 28). RESULTS: Median adiponectin concentration was much lower in the South Asian group (9.7 micro g/ml) than in Caucasians (15.8 micro g/ml) or Asians (16.1 micro g/ml) (overall P < 0.0001). With adjustment for age, prepregnancy body mass index, weight gain in pregnancy, previous history of GDM, family history of DM, fasting insulin and glucose intolerance, mean adiponectin remained significantly lower among South Asians compared with either Caucasians (P < 0.0001) or Asians (P = 0.0034). CONCLUSIONS: Women of South Asian descent exhibit significantly reduced plasma concentrations of adiponectin in pregnancy compared with Caucasian and Asian counterparts. This observation raises the possibility of hypoadiponectinaemia as a potential factor contributing to the increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in South Asians.
Influence of fetal body weight on metabolic complications in adult life: review of the evidence.; Numerous mainly cross-sectional studies have unequivocally shown an inverse relationship between birth weight of infants born at term and the incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, hypertension and coronary heart disease. These findings apply to both sexes and are not modified by confounding factors such as age or body mass index. Although the original studies in the UK involved a relatively small number of subjects whose records of birth weight were traced back more than 50 years earlier, similar findings were recorded from larger prospective studies in the USA and Northern Europe. Studies in twins did not support the theory that genetic factors predispose both to low birth weight and morbidity from impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance or coronary heart disease, and current evidence points to a resetting of major hormonal axes that control growth and metabolic processes as a possible cause of this association.
Assessment of cardiomyopathy in fetuses of women with false positive oral glucose loading test.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate fetal asymmetric septal hypertrophy in women with a false positive oral glucose loading test (OGL). STUDY DESIGN: OGL was applied to 79 pregnant women at gestational age between 24 and 28 weeks. The first study group consisted of patients with a normal OGL. Cases having glucose levels above 130 mg/dL after 50 g OGL but a normal 100g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) formed a second group. M-mode echocardiography was then performed. Fetal septal and left ventricular posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in Group 1 and Group 2 were compared. RESULTS: Mean septal and LVPW thickness was slightly higher in the second group but there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Although statistically not significant, there is some increase in septal and ventricular wall thickness in cases with high OGL but normal OGTT. The study also provides evidence of the absence of prominent septal and ventricular thickening in these cases with minimal glucose intolerance.
[Pregnant diabetic patients: institutional experience].; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality. The diet and insulin have revolutionized the care related with pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: To report the management experience in patients with diabetes and pregnancy at the Instituto Materno Infantil, Estado de Mexico. PATIENTS AND METHOD: A descriptive, retrospective, observational and cross-sectional study of pregnant women with diabetes and pregnancy was conducted from 2003 to 2004. RESULTS: We included 55 pregnant women who had: gestational diabetes 30 (54.4%), pregestational diabetes 24 (43.6%), and carbohydrate intolerance 1 (1.8%); every one of them were controlled either with diet, insulin or both. The mean age was 30.6, 80% with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, 9% gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 33.3% by abnormal 50 g glucose screening and 46.6% with oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The main complications among the patients were urinary disease (61.3%) and the major fetal malformation were those related with cardiovascular disease (9.09%). The most frequent mode of delivery was cesarean section (58%) and birth weight was of 3,146 g. CONCLUSIONS: The main risk factors identified among women in the study group were as follow: More than 25 years of age and family history of diabetes mellitus. We observed a progressive increase in the insulin dosage. The most consistent complications among the patients were urinary infection and the major fetal malformation was cardiovascular disease.
The Pathophysiology of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication, in which women without previously diagnosed diabetes develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this hyperglycemia is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM include overweight and obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. GDM affects approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide, and this number is set to increase with the escalating obesity epidemic. While several management strategies exist-including insulin and lifestyle interventions-there is not yet a cure or an efficacious prevention strategy. One reason for this is that the molecular mechanisms underlying GDM are poorly defined. This review discusses what is known about the pathophysiology of GDM, and where there are gaps in the literature that warrant further exploration.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).; To compare cardiovascular risk and disease prevalence in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Cross-sectional data from 2008 to 2011 were analyzed for 8,262 (305 with GDM history) parous women, aged 20-73 years, from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL). Women with and without a history of GDM were compared on sociodemographic, cardiovascular risk factor, and disease data from standardized interviews and fasting blood tests, using chi-square tests, t-tests, and logistic regressions to determine odds ratios (ORs) and 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs). Adjusting for covariates, compared to those without a history of GDM, women with a history of GDM were younger (M = 39.1 years [95 percent CI = 37.8, 41.6] vs. 45.5 years [95 percent CI = 44.9, 46.1]) and more likely to have health insurance (68.1 percent [95 percent CI = 60.3 percent, 76.0 percent] vs. 54.9 percent [95 percent CI = 52.8 percent, 57.1 percent]), had greater waist circumference (M = 102.3 cm, [95 percent CI = 100.2, 104.3] vs. 98.1 cm [95 percent CI = 97.4, 98.5]) and higher fasting glucose (116.0 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 107.8, 124.3] vs. 104.2 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 103.4, 105.1]), and had higher odds of having metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.7 [95 percent CI = 1.2, 2.6]) or diabetes (OR = 3.3 [95 percent CI = 2.2, 4.8]). Prevalences of heart and cerebrovascular disease were similar. GDM history was positively associated with diabetes but not with cardiovascular disease.
Long-term cardio-metabolic effects after gestational diabetes: a review.; Women with GDM are at high risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). A relationship with GDM and future development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been also recognized. Pregnancy and postpartum period in women with GDM give us the opportunity to identify the underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Ideally, the postpartum follow-up of this women should be done by a multidisciplinary team to evaluate their cardio-metabolic risk and to counseling regarding lifestyle modification (healthy diet and regular physical activity) and breastfeeding that can reduce their risk. Longer follow-up of these women should be individualized, focusing attention on women at medium-high cardio-metabolic risk. The link between GDM and T2DM-CVD offers us a great opportunity for the diseases prevention.
Low physical activity levels 1 year after pregnancy complications.; OBJECTIVES: Women with previous preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Physical activity (PA) is an important CVD risk modifier. We aimed to assess PA levels, using a validated objective method, and other modifiable CVD risk factors in women with these previous pregnancy complications. STUDY DESIGN: One year postpartum we assessed PA levels for 1 week in women with previous PE (n = 68), GH (n = 26), GDM (n = 23), and normotensive pregnancies (n = 65), using the ActiGraph-wGT3X-BT™ accelerometer. OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed adherence to American PA guidelines (≥150 min/week of moderate or ≥75 min/week of vigorous intensity PA), and time spent in moderate and vigorous PA. We also assessed steps/day, blood pressure and anthropometric indices. RESULTS: Recommended PA levels were achieved in only 50%, 39%, and 35% following PE, GH, and GDM, respectively, not significantly different from controls (52%). Differences in moderate and vigorous PA levels and steps/day between the groups were non-significant, except from lower vigorous PA in women with previous GDM. Elevated blood pressure (systolic BP ≥ 120 mmHg and/or diastolic BP ≥ 80 mmHg) was more common after PE and GH. Overweight rates were significantly higher in PE, GH, and GDM groups compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Less than half of women achieved recommended PA levels 1 year postpartum. This did not differ significantly between women with previous PE, GH, or GDM compared to controls. Measures to increase PA in postpartum women are warranted, especially in women with pregnancy complications associated with high risk of premature CVD.
Diabetes in pregnancy and risk of near-miss, maternal mortality and foetal outcomes in the USA: a retrospective cross-sectional analysis.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women has increased in the USA over recent decades. The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between diabetes in pregnancy and maternal near-miss incident, maternal mortality and selected adverse foetal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional analysis among pregnancy-related hospitalizations in USA between 2002 and 2014. We examined the association between DM and GDM as exposures and maternal in-hospital mortality, maternal cardiac arrest, early onset of delivery, poor foetal growth and stillbirth as the outcome variables. RESULTS: Among the 57.3 million pregnant women in the study population, the prevalence of GDM and DM was 5.4 and 1.3%, respectively. We found that pregnant women with DM were three times more likely to experience cardiac arrest (OR = 3.21; 95% CI = 2.57-4.01) and in-hospital maternal death (OR = 3.05; 95% CI = 2.45-3.79), as compared to those without DM. Among pregnant women with GDM and DM, the risk for early onset of delivery was higher, compared to women without GDM or DM. CONCLUSION: A diagnosis of diabetes prior to pregnancy contributes significantly to the risk of maternal cardiac arrest, maternal mortality and adverse foetal outcomes.
Association of Gestational Diabetes With Subclinical Cardiovascular Disease.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased long-term risk of cardiovascular disease but the cardiovascular structural and functional changes that contribute to risk are not well understood. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine whether GDM is associated with adverse cardiac remodeling and endothelial dysfunction a decade after delivery, independent of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Women with deliveries between 2008 and 2009 were initially selected from a prospective clinical cohort. Pregnancy history was chart abstracted and a follow-up study visit was conducted at 8 to 10 years postpartum. Cardiac structure and function were assessed with echocardiography. Endothelial function was measured with peripheral arterial tonometry and glycocalyx analysis. RESULTS: Among 254 women assessed at an average age of 38 years, 53 (21%) had prior GDM. At follow-up, women with GDM had more incident prediabetes or diabetes (58% vs 20% without GDM), more impairment in peripheral arterial tonometry (reactive hyperemia 1.58 vs 1.95; P = 0.01) and reduced perfusion, a marker of glycocalyx assessment (red blood cell filling 0.70 ± 0.04 vs 0.72 ± 0.05; P < 0.01). Despite adjustment for demographic and reproductive characteristics, women with GDM had great septal wall thickness by 8% (95% CI: 2.3%-14.7%) and worse diastology with higher E/E' by 11% (95% CI: 1.1%-21.5%). After additional adjustment for diabetes and prediabetes, several parameters remained significantly impaired. CONCLUSIONS: Having GDM within the past decade was associated with more adverse cardiac structure/function and vascular endothelial function. Some, but not all, risks may be mediated through the development of prediabetes or type 2 diabetes. Enhanced preventive efforts are needed to mitigate cardiovascular risk among women with GDM.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Innovative Approach to Prediction, Diagnosis, Management, and Prevention of Future NCD-Mother and Offspring.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the commonest medical complication of pregnancy. The association of GDM with immediate pregnancy complications including excess fetal growth and adiposity with subsequent risk of birth trauma and with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is well recognized. However, the associations with wide ranges of longer-term health outcomes for mother and baby, including the lifetime risks of obesity, pre-diabetes, and diabetes and cardiovascular disease have received less attention and few health systems address these important issues in a systematic way. This article reviews historical and recent data regarding prediction of GDM using demographic, clinical, and biochemical parameters. We evaluate current and potential future diagnostic approaches designed to most effectively identify GDM and extend this analysis into a critical evaluation of lifestyle and nutritional/pharmacologic interventions designed to prevent the development of GDM. The general approach to management of GDM during pregnancy is then discussed and the major final focus of the article revolves around the importance of a GDM diagnosis as a future marker of the risk of non-communicable disease (NCD), in particular pre-diabetes, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, both in mother and offspring.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on newborn cholesterol metabolism.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Impaired glucose metabolism during pregnancy may associate with changes in fetal cholesterol metabolism. We investigated if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects newborn cholesterol metabolism as determined by cord blood squalene and non-cholesterol sterols. Furthermore, we examined potential correlations between cord blood and maternal serum non-cholesterol sterols. METHODS: Pregnant women at risk for GDM (BMI>30 kg/m(2)) were enrolled from maternity clinics in Finland. GDM was determined from the results of an oral glucose tolerance test. Serum samples were taken in the third trimester of pregnancy, and cord blood samples collected from their newborns at birth. Squalene and non-cholesterol sterols were analyzed from serum and cord blood by gas liquid chromatography. All women with GDM were in good glycaemic control. RESULTS: The ratios of squalene and non-cholesterol sterols to cholesterol (100 × μmol/mmol of cholesterol) in cord blood did not differ between the infants born to mothers with GDM (n = 15) or mothers with normal glucose tolerance (n = 13). The ratios of sitosterol and campesterol to cholesterol in the cord blood correlated with the corresponding maternal serum ratios (r = 0.70, p < 0.0001) in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: In obese women under good glycaemic control, GDM did not affect newborn cholesterol metabolism. Cord blood sitosterol and campesterol ratios to cholesterol correlated with the corresponding maternal serum ratios thus potentially reflecting maternal-fetal cholesterol transport.
Impaired vagal adaptation to an exercise task in women with gestational diabetes mellitus versus women with uncomplicated pregnancies.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for maternal and fetal complications. Patients with GDM have an increased cardiovascular risk in later life. The aim of this study was to investigate cardiac autonomic nervous system (ANS) function at rest and during exercise in women with GDM vs. women with uncomplicated pregnancies. METHODS: Thirty-six normotensive pregnant women (21 with GDM and 15 age- and parity-matched women with an uncomplicated pregnancy) were enrolled in this case-control study. Continuous beat-by-beat blood pressure (BP) measurements were recorded during rest, intermittent handgrip exercise, and recovery (via photoplethysmography, Finapres®). Heart rate variability (HRV) (Kubios®) was used for the assessment of autonomic nervous system function. RESULTS: The groups were similar in age, gestational week, and handgrip strength. At rest, no differences in HRV indices [root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD), standard deviation Poincaré plot 1, and 2 (SD1, SD2), SD2/SD1 ratio] were detected between women with GDM and women with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, during exercise, a different pattern in the HRV responses was detected: in the control group, RMSSD and SD1 (indices of parasympathetic function) significantly decreased (p < 0.001) during handgrip exercise and returned to baseline during recovery. In contrast, in GDM, the above HRV indices remained unaltered throughout the protocol. CONCLUSION: Normotensive women with GDM present impaired parasympathetic system ability to adapt to an exercise stimulus, as suggested by the blunted sensitivity in RMSSD and SD1. This finding suggests early alterations in ANS may exist in women with GDM, even when no differences are detected in resting conditions.
No effect of gestational diabetes or pre-gestational obesity on 6-year offspring left ventricular function-RADIEL study follow-up.; AIMS: We aimed to investigate associations between pre-pregnancy obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), offspring body composition, and left ventricular diastolic and systolic function in early childhood. METHODS: This is an observational study, including 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL; 96 with GDM, 128 with pre-pregnancy obesity) with follow-up from gestation to 6-year postpartum. Follow-up included dyads anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and child left ventricular function with comprehensive echocardiography (conventional and strain imaging). RESULTS: Offspring left ventricular diastolic and systolic function was not associated with gestational glucose concentrations, GDM, or pregravida obesity. Child body fat percentage correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI in the setting of maternal obesity (r = 0.23, P = 0.009). After adjusting for child lean body mass, age, sex, systolic BP, resting HR, maternal lean body mass, pre-gestational BMI, and GDM status, child left atrial volume increased by 0.3 ml (95% CI 0.1, 0.5) for each 1% increase in child body fat percentage. CONCLUSIONS: No evidence of foetal cardiac programming related to GDM or maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was observed in early childhood. Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity is associated with early weight gain. Child adiposity in early childhood is independently associated with increased left atrial volume, but its implications for long-term left ventricle diastolic function and cardiovascular health remain unknown.
Assessment of cardiac functions in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers.; We investigated cardiac function in 67 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) and 122 fetuses of healthy mothers between 24 and 36 weeks of gestation. Cardiac functions were evaluated by M-mode, pulsed-wave, and tissue Doppler echocardiography. Fetal echocardiograms were performed at 24, 28, 32, and 36 weeks of gestation. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were obtained from all pregnant women at 24 weeks of gestation. The mean age of diabetic pregnant women was significantly greater than that of controls. Serum HbA1c values of both groups were within normal limits, but they were significantly greater in the diabetic group (p = 0.003). The increase in peak aortic and pulmonary artery velocities were greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). No pathological interventricular septal (IVS) hypertrophy was observed. There was a significant increase in IVS thickness in FGDM compared with controls, which was more prominent at the end of the third trimester (p < 0.001). During the course of pregnancy, mitral E-wave (p < 0.001), A-wave (p = 0.007), tricuspid E-wave (p < 0.001) and A-wave (p = 0.002) velocities were greater in FGDM. The increases in mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios were lower in FGDM with advancing gestation. The E a-wave (p = 0.02), A a-wave (p = 0.04), and S a-wave (p < 0.001) velocities of the right-ventricular (RV) free wall and the E a (p = 0.02) and A a (p = 0.01) velocities of the left-ventricle (LV) posterior wall were greater in FGDM during the course of pregnancy. The E a/A a ratio of the RV posterior wall was greater in FGDM with advancing gestation (p < 0.03). LV and RV E/E a ratios were similar in both groups. The LV myocardial performance index measured by pulsed-wave Doppler was greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). We detected diastolic dysfunction in FGDM. The data suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may impair ventricular diastolic functions without causing pathological fetal myocardial hypertrophy. We detected subclinical diastolic dysfunction using both pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler imaging in FGDM.
Genetic and Epigenetic Factors in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pathology.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is the carbohydrate intolerance occurring during pregnancy. The risk factors of GDM include obesity, advanced maternal age, polycystic ovary syndrome, multigravidity, a sedentary lifestyle, and pre-existing hypertension. Additionally, complex genetic and epigenetic processes are also believed to play a crucial role in the development of GDM. In this narrative review, we discuss the role of genetic and epigenetic factors in gestational diabetes mellitus pathogenesis.
Sleep Duration/Quality With Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Prospective Studies.; BACKGROUND: To quantitatively evaluate the evidence of duration and quality of sleep as measured by multiple health outcomes. METHODS: This review is registered with PROSPERO, number CRD42021235587. We systematically searched three databases from inception until November 15, 2020. For each meta-analysis, the summary effect size using fixed and random effects models, the 95% confidence interval, and the 95% prediction interval were assessed; heterogeneity, evidence of small-study effects, and excess significance bias were also estimated. According to the above metrics, we evaluated the credibility of each association. RESULTS: A total of 85 meta-analyses with 36 health outcomes were included in the study. We observed highly suggestive evidence for an association between long sleep and an increased risk of all-cause mortality. Moreover, suggestive evidence supported the associations between long sleep and 5 increased risk of health outcomes (stroke, dyslipidaemia, mortality of coronary heart disease, stroke mortality, and the development or death of stroke); short sleep and increased risk of overweight and/or obesity; poor sleep quality and increased risk of diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS: Only the evidence of the association of long sleep with an increased risk of all-cause mortality was graded as highly suggestive. Additional studies are needed to be conducted.Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42021235587.
Assessment of fetal myocardial performance index in women with pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Fetal cardiac left ventricular function in pregnant women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was investigated by exploring fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocity (E/A) ratio. METHODS: Seventy pregnant women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus and with no other systemic or pregnancy related disorders were compared with 70 gestational age matched healthy controls by means of fetal left ventricular MPI and E/A ratio. Opening and closing clicks of the mitral and aortic valves were used to define the three time periods: ejection time (ET), isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT), which were employed in the calculation of MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Statistical analyses were conducted using receiver operating characteristic analysis and independent two-sample t, Mann-Whitney U and chi-square tests. RESULTS: Fetal left ventricular MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group compared with controls (0.56 ± 0.09 vs 0.36 ± 0.04, P < 0.001), whereas E/A ratio was lower (0.66 ± 0.11 vs 0.69 ± 0.09, P = 0.049). The adverse perinatal outcome rate was also higher in the diabetic group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed > 0.39 as the optimal cut-off level for MPI in perinatal adverse outcome prediction (sensitivity: 90.9%, specificity: 47.7%, area under the curve: 0.690, 95% confidence interval: 0.598-0.782, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that fetuses of diabetic mothers have significant left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction. MPI may be used in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in young women following gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All women aged 20-49 years with live births between April 1994 and March 1997 in Ontario, Canada, were identified. Women with GDM were matched with 10 women without GDM and were followed for CVD. RESULTS: The matched cohorts included 8,191 women with GDM and 81,262 women without GDM. Mean age at entry was 31 years, and median follow-up was 11.5 years. The hazard ratio for CVD events was 1.71 (95% CI 1.08-2.69). After adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes, the hazard ratio was attenuated (1.13 [95% CI 0.67-1.89]). CONCLUSIONS: Young women with GDM had a substantially increased risk for CVD compared with women without GDM. Much of this increased risk was attributable to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes.
Windows of Opportunity for Lifestyle Interventions to Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with several acute maternal health risks and long-term development of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM similarly increases offspring risk of early-life health complications and later disease. GDM recurrence is common, affecting 40 to 73% of women, and augments associated maternal/fetal/child health risks. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include maternal excessive gestational weight gain and prepregnancy overweight and obesity. Lifestyle interventions that target diet, activity, and behavioral strategies can effectively modify body weight. Randomized clinical trials testing the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to reduce excessive gestational weight gain have generally shown mixed effects on reducing GDM incidence. Trials testing the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions among women with a history of GDM have shown reduced incidence of diabetes and improved cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, the long-term effects of interpregnancy or prepregnancy lifestyle interventions on subsequent GDM remain unknown. Future adequately powered and well-controlled clinical trials are needed to determine the effects of lifestyle interventions to prevent GDM and identify pathways to effectively reach reproductive-aged women across all levels of society, before, during, and after pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects many women in pregnancy and is enhanced by epidemic conditions of obesity, increasing age at the time of the first pregnancy, stressful life conditions, a sedentary lifestyle with less physical activity and unhealthy nutrition with highly processed, high-calorie food intake. GDM does not affect the mother and offspring in pregnancy alone, as there is compelling evidence of the long-term effects of the hyperglycemic state in pregnancy postpartum. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome are more common in GDM women, and even the offspring of GDM women are reported to have higher obesity rates and a higher risk for noncommunicable diseases. Early prevention of risk factors seems to be key to overcoming the vicious cycle of cardiometabolic disease onset.
The Possibility of Using Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis in Pregnant and Postpartum Women.; Pregnancy is a time of significant changes occurring in the composition of a woman's body in order to provide support for the growth and development of the foetus. Bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is used to assess the body composition and hydration status. This technique represents a non-invasive, reliable, and fast clinical approach, which is well tolerated by patients. A segmental impedance measurement might be advantageous in pregnant women, particularly in late pregnancy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of different applications of BIA in pregnant and postpartum women. It seems that BIA has a better prognostic potential for gestational and post-partum outcomes than body mass index. The BIA method can be successfully used to study the effect of excessive gestational weight gain in pregnancy on the development of obstetric complications. Studying the mother's body composition and correlating it with her energy balance could facilitate the development of dietary recommendations for women. Evaluation of the body composition can provide important clues for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with a low risk of this disease. BIA is also used as one of the additional tests in assessing the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
A systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes during, as well as subsequent to, pregnancy, including increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Because of the importance of early risk stratification in preventing these complications, improved first-trimester biomarker determination for diagnosing gestational diabetes would enhance our ability to optimise both maternal and fetal health. Metabolomic profiling, the systematic study of small molecule products of biochemical pathways, has shown promise in the identification of key metabolites associated with the pathogenesis of several metabolic diseases, including gestational diabetes. This article provides a systematic review of the current state of research on biomarkers and gestational diabetes and discusses the clinical relevance of metabolomics in the prediction, diagnosis and management of gestational diabetes. METHODS: We conducted a systematic search of MEDLINE (PubMed) up to the end of February 2014 using the key term combinations of 'metabolomics,' 'metabonomics,' 'nuclear magnetic spectroscopy,' 'mass spectrometry,' 'metabolic profiling' and 'amino acid profile' combined (AND) with 'gestational diabetes'. Additional articles were identified through searching the reference lists from included studies. Quality assessment of included articles was conducted through the use of QUADOMICS. RESULTS: This systematic review included 17 articles. The biomarkers most consistently associated with gestational diabetes were asymmetric dimethylarginine and NEFAs. After QUADOMICS analysis, 13 of the 17 included studies were classified as 'high quality'. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Existing metabolomic studies of gestational diabetes present inconsistent findings regarding metabolite profile characteristics. Further studies are needed in larger, more racially/ethnically diverse populations.
Regulation of basal metabolic rate in uncomplicated pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is one of the major components of total energy expenditure (TEE). It is affected by various factors, such as body weight, body composition, age, race/ethnicity, gender, biochemical parameters, physical activity, and health status. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy and it increases the risk for health complications, such as stillbirth, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease in later life. Both BMR and GDM have been linked with gestational weight gain (GWG), a fact suggesting a possible association between them. However, assessing BMR is a complex procedure, which becomes more complicated when additional parameters, such as pregnancy and GDM, are taken into consideration. The present review summarizes the current knowledge on factors affecting BMR and its regulation in relation to pregnancy and GDM. Future research addressing these associations should thoroughly consider other factors that affect BMI when designing such studies and/or discussing the BMR outcome results.
Author response to: Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.; This commentary is an author response to Yu and colleagues regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding minor errors in our manuscript, our search strategy and assessment of heterogeneity.
Role of Type 2 Diabetes in Determining Retinal, Renal, and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have elevated lifetime risks for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), compared with their peers. However, it is not known whether their risk of CVD is dependent upon the development of T2DM. Thus, we sought to evaluate the role of T2DM in determining vascular outcomes in women with previous GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between April 1994 and March 2014 (n = 1,515,079) were stratified into the following four groups: women with GDM in whom T2DM subsequently developed (n = 15,585, median age 32 years); those with GDM in whom T2DM did not develop (n = 41,299; median age 32 years); women who did not have GDM but in whom T2DM developed (n = 49,397; median age 31 years); and those with neither GDM nor T2DM (n = 1,408,798; median age 30 years). Women were followed over a median time of 10.0 years for the development of microvascular and macrovascular outcomes. RESULTS: Among women who had GDM, only those in whom T2DM developed had an increased risk of vitrectomy/photocoagulation (hazard ratio [HR] 4.49, 95% CI 3.90-5.17), renal dialysis (HR 7.52, 5.24-10.81), and hospitalization for foot infection (HR 4.32, 3.42-5.46) (all P < 0.0001). However, for macrovascular outcomes, both women with GDM in whom T2DM developed and those in whom T2DM did not develop had increased risks of CVD (HR 2.82; 2.41-3.30; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.30; 1.07-1.59; P = 0.008, respectively) and coronary artery disease (HR 3.54; 2.96-4.23; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.41; 1.11-1.80; P = 0.005, respectively), although absolute event rates were very low. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have an elevated risk of cardiovascular outcomes, even in the absence of T2DM. In contrast, microvascular risk emerges only in those in whom T2DM develops.
The Maternal Microbiome and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Cause and Effect.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern that affects many pregnancies globally. The condition is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, placental abruption, preterm birth, stillbirth, and fetal growth restriction. In the long-term, mothers and children have an increased risk of developing metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Accumulating evidence suggest that alterations in the maternal microbiome may play a role in the pathogenesis of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. This review describes changes in the maternal microbiome during the physiological adaptations of pregnancy, GDM and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Findings from this review highlight the importance of understanding the link between the maternal microbiome and GDM. Furthermore, new therapeutic approaches to prevent or better manage GDM are discussed. Further research and clinical trials are necessary to fully realize the therapeutic potential of the maternal microbiome and translate these findings into clinical practice.
Gestational diabetes, maternal obesity, and the NCD burden.; A greater proportion of women of reproductive age are now overweight or obese. Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity are associated with long-term adverse consequences in the offspring and subsequent generations, and are important drivers of the escalating global burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We review the evidence linking gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with a greater risk of metabolic compromise in the offspring. We use an evolutionary perspective to elucidate the origins of gestational diabetes. Focusing efforts on maternal health is an important approach to combating the growing burden of diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases.
Risk factors for gestational diabetes in black population.; In a long-term longitudinal study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Black women, risk factors that were identified were age, obesity, a family history of diabetes, and the presence of hypertension. Poor predictors were a history of a previous large-for-date infant, parity, and age at first pregnancy. The prevalence of smooth muscle and nuclear autoantibodies was higher in gestational diabetic subjects. Gestational diabetic subjects who required insulin for glycemic control were more obese, had a lower frequency of the Bf-F phenotype and a higher frequency of the Bf-F1 phenotype, and had a lower frequency of the type 2 allele at the polymorphic locus adjacent to the insulin gene. Restriction-fragment-length polymorphisms flanking the insulin and apolipoprotein A-I and C-III genes, although not associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, may be associated with hyperlipidemia and subsequent atherosclerosis.
Previous gestational diabetes mellitus and markers of cardiovascular risk.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the developed world has increased at an alarming rate over the last few decades. GDM has been shown to be associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A history of previous GDM (pGDM), associated or not with any of these metabolic abnormalities, can increase the risk of developing not only type 2 diabetes mellitus but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes later in life. In this paper we discuss the relationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic abnormalities, and vascular dysfunction in women with pGDM. We also review the current knowledge on metabolic modifications occurring in normal pregnancy and the link between alterations of a normal metabolic state with the long-term maternal complications that may result in increased CVD risk. Our review of studies on pGDM prompts us to recommend that these women be considered a population at risk for later CVD events, which however could be avoided via the use of specially designed follow-up programs in the future.
Elevated plasma SPARC levels are associated with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Recent studies suggested that secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC), a novel adipokine, is a key player in the pathology of obesity and type 2 diabetes. We aimed to determine whether concentrations of SPARC were altered in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) controls and to investigate the relationships between SPARC and metabolic parameters in pregnant women. DESIGN/METHODS: Cross-sectional study of 120 pregnant women with GDM and 60 controls with NGT, in a university hospital setting. Plasma levels of SPARC, adiponectin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), insulin and proinsulin were determined by ELISA. RESULTS: GDM women had higher SPARC and lower adiponectin than NGT subjects; no difference was found in FGF21. SPARC levels were the lowest in subjects in the third tertile of insulin sensitivity index (ISIOGTT) and correlated positively with pre-pregnant BMI, insulin and 3 h glucose during 100-g OGTT, HOMA-IR, fasting proinsulin, hsCRP and white blood cells count, and negatively with ISIOGTT, when adjusting for gestational age. Triglyceride (TG), Apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) correlated with SPARC in partial Pearson correlation. Correlations between SPARC with adiponectin, systolic blood pressure and TG were marginally significant in partial Spearman correlation analysis. In multivariate regression analysis, SPARC was an independent negative indicator of ISIOGTT. CONCLUSIONS: SPARC levels are correlated significantly with inflammation and may also be correlated with dyslipidemia and represent an independent determinant of insulin resistance in late pregnancy, indicating a potential role of SPARC in the pathophysiology of GDM.
Renal allograft function and cardiovascular risk in recipients of kidney transplantation after successful pregnancy.; Successful pregnancy is one of the better indicators of quality of life for women who are of child-bearing age with restored fertility after kidney transplantation. Our objective was to evaluate whether pregnancy represented a risk factor for worsening of renal function or for cardiovascular disease among renal transplant recipients. From 1976 to 2007, we followed 30 successful pregnancies in 27 renal recipients in our hospital; three women had two twin gestations. We compared this population with 27 women with renal transplants who were not pregnant. They were of similar ages at transplantation (pregnant 31.1 +/- 5.4 years vs not pregnant 31.3 +/- 5.4 years, P = NS) and similar evolution time between kidney transplantation and pregnancy (51.5 +/- 36 months vs 47.2 +/- 41 months respective; P = NS). There were no acute rejection episodes or graft losses. Renal function measured by serum creatinine and MDRD4 at the end of pregnancy was lower among the pregnant compared with the control group: mainly, 1.1 +/- 0.2 mg/dL versus 0.9 +/- 0.2 mg/dL (P = .05), and 66 +/- 20 mL/min/1.73 m(2) versus 80 +/- 26 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (P = .03). At 1 and 10 years, renal function was similar among the groups. Ten pregnant women developed preeclampsia (37%) and three, gestational diabetes mellitus (11%). There was one major cardiovascular event (4%; acute myocardial infarction) among the pregnant group, whereas there were two in the control group (7.4%; stroke and severe hypertensive retinopathy). One death occurred in each group secondary to cardiovascular complications. Our results showed that successful pregnancy after renal transplantation did not represent a long-term risk factor to worsen renal function and or produce severe cardiovascular complications. Therefore, pregnancy should be promoted. for young women with renal transplants that show excellent function.
Release of proinflammatory cytokines and 8-isoprostane from placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle from normal pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to 1) profile the basal release of TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-8, and 8-isoprostane (a marker of oxidative stress); and 2) investigate the effect of stimulation on the release of cytokines from sc adipose tissue and skeletal muscle from normal pregnant women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Placenta, sc adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle were incubated in the absence (control) or presence of lipopolysaccharide (LPS; 10 microg/ml), TNF-alpha (10 ng/ml), IL-6 (10 ng/ml), or IL-8 (10 ng/ml). After an 18-h incubation, the medium was collected, and the release of TNF-alpha, IL-6, IL-8, and 8-isoprostane was quantified by ELISA. In all three tissues, 8-isoprostane release was greater in women with GDM, and stimulation with LPS increased 8-isoprostane release from adipose and skeletal muscle, but not placenta, obtained from women with GDM. However, in tissues obtained from normal pregnant women, LPS stimulation increased 8-isoprostane release in placenta and had no effect in adipose tissue and skeletal muscle. Their was no difference in the release of TNF-alpha, IL-6, and IL-8 from placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle obtained from normal pregnant women and women with GDM. Stimulation of placenta, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle with LPS and TNF-alpha resulted in greater release of IL-6 and IL-8, whereas only LPS increased TNF-alpha release from all three tissues. The data presented in this study demonstrate that there is a differential release of 8-isoprostane from fetal (placenta) and maternal (adipose tissue and skeletal muscle) tissues obtained from normal pregnant women and women with GDM. These data are consistent with the hypothesis that oxidative stress may be involved in the progression and/or pathogenesis of GDM.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on subclinical myocardial dysfunction during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subclinical myocardial dysfunction has been poorly investigated. Accordingly, we performed a meta-analysis to examine the influence of GDM on left ventricular (LV) global longitudinal strain (GLS), assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: All echocardiographic studies assessing conventional echoDoppler parameters and LV-GLS in GDM women vs. healthy controls, selected from PubMed and EMBASE databases, were included. The risk of bias was assessed by using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Quality Assessment of Case-Control Studies. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of LV-GLS were calculated using the random-effect model. RESULTS: The full-texts of 10 studies with 1147 women with GDM and 7706 pregnant women without diabetes were analyzed. GDM women enrolled in the included studies were diagnosed with a small reduction in LV-GLS in comparison to controls (average value -19.4 ± 2.5 vs -21.8 ± 2.5 %, P < 0.001) and to the accepted reference values (more negative than -20 %). Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the included studies, with an overall statistic value I(2) of 94.4 % (P < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the included studies, with an overall SMD of -0.97 (95 %CI -1.32, -0.63, P < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a P-value of 0.99, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all moderators and/or potential confounders (age at pregnancy, BMI, systolic blood pressure and ethnicity) were not significantly associated with effect modification (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: GDM is independently associated with subclinical myocardial dysfunction in pregnancy. STE analysis allows to identify, among GDM women, those who might benefit of targeted non-pharmacological and/or pharmacological interventions, aimed at reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular complications later in life.
Blood pressure and lipid changes in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: It is suggested that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the earliest phase of DM. Nowadays DM is treated as a part of insulin resistance syndrome--patients with DM tend to be obese, dyslipidemic and hypertensive. It is postulated that similar abnormalities are found in GDM patients. METHODS: The study was conducted among 81 women with GDM and 41 healthy controls. After diagnosis or negative screening for GDM the women underwent 24-hour blood pressure monitoring and measurements of plasma lipids, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance (expressed by HOMA score). The incidence of gestational hypertension and blood pressure until delivery was also analyzed. RESULTS: 17 (21%) of GDM women and only 1 glucose tolerant control developed pregnancy induced hypertension. GDM women had significantly higher arterial pressure during the daytime and nighttime (accordingly 112.1/69.4 mmHg vs. 105.4/64.8 mmHg and 101.5/62.4 mmHg vs. 93.0/58.8 mmHg), although the average BP was within normal range. Heart rate was also faster in GDM group. Compared with healthy pregnant women, GDM patients had higher serum TG concentrations (247,9 vs 205 mg%; p<0,01), fasting insulin (66 vs 42,5 pmol/l; p<0,001) and insulin resistance (HOMA 2,15 vs 1,13; p<0,001). No correlation was found between blood pressure and insulin concentrations and insulin resistance among healthy and GDM women. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that symptoms of insulin resistance are present in GDM women. They are characterized by higher arterial blood pressure, heart rate, serum triglycerides, insulin and increased insulin resistance.
Blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: associations with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors.; AIM/HYPOTHESIS: This cross-sectional, observational, controlled study examined cerebral oxygenation during exercise, an index of cerebrovascular function and cortical activation, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and unaffected pregnancies. The association of cerebral oxygenation with macrovascular and cardiovascular function indices was also evaluated. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Vascular function and structure [aortic pulse-wave-velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AI), carotid intima-media thickness], as well as 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (BP) were assessed in women with GDM (n = 21) and uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 16), at 26-32 gestational weeks. Changes in cerebral oxygenation [oxy- (O(2)Hb), deoxy- (HHb) and total- (tHb) hemoglobin] were continuously recorded by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) during intermittent handgrip exercise. Beat-by-beat BP and systemic vascular resistance (SVR) were assessed (Finapres). RESULTS: Women with GDM had higher AI than controls. During exercise, women with GDM maintained a smaller force (p < 0.05), despite similar ratings of perceived exertion. Despite similar increases in BP during exercise, the GDM group exhibited a lower average and total (AUC) increase in cerebral-O(2)Hb than controls (p < 0.05). In addition, GDM exhibited a slower rate of cerebral-O(2)Hb decay during recovery (p < 0.05). SVR was lower in GDM compared to controls throughout the protocol (p < 0.01). Cerebral oxygenation indices were correlated with PWV and AI (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study provided novel evidence for blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with GDM compared to uncomplicated pregnancies, suggesting a link between reduced cerebrovascular function with exercise intolerance in GDM. Cerebral oxygenation during physical stress was correlated with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors. More studies are needed to examine whether this impaired cerebral oxygenation reflects early cerebrovascular disease.
Impact of pregnancy on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without gestational diabetes.; AIMS: The elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease in women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been attributed to adverse life-course trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors that arise before pregnancy and continue thereafter. We hypothesized that pregnancy may differentially affect these trajectories in women who develop GDM and those who do not. MATERIALS AND METHODS: With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and ≥2 measurements of the following analytes both before and after pregnancy: glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), glucose, lipids and transaminases. In total, 39 581 women (4373 with GDM) had 3.9 ± 3.4 tests before and 4.6 ± 5.4 tests after pregnancy. RESULTS: Both before and after pregnancy, women who developed GDM had higher HbA1c, fasting glucose, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and triglycerides than their peers, with lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (all p < .0001). Before pregnancy, women who went on to GDM had higher annual increases than their peers did in HbA1c, fasting glucose and triglycerides (all p ≤ .01); lesser annual decrease in LDL (p = .0003); and greater annual decrease in HDL (p = .0006). Compared with pre-pregnancy, the postpartum differences in annual rates of change in HbA1c and fasting glucose were 6.9- and 3.3-fold higher, respectively, in women with GDM. Conversely, the respective postpartum differences in annual rates of change in triglycerides, LDL and HDL were 1.2, 1.6 and 0.3 times lower than before pregnancy. CONCLUSION: After pregnancy, differences in pregravid trajectories of glycaemic measures are amplified between women with GDM and their peers. In contrast, pregravid differences in lipid measures persist but do not differentially worsen after pregnancy.
Health impacts of new-onset diabetes in women post-gestational diabetes mellitus: Insights from Hong Kong's territory-wide data.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: To determine the population health burden attributable to the development of diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of women with a history of GDM attending the Hong Kong Hospital Authority between 2000 and 2019. The time-varying population attributable fraction was calculated. RESULTS: A total of 76,181 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus were included, 6,606 of them developed diabetes during a median follow-up of 8.6 years. The respective hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) among women with GDM who developed diabetes vs those with GDM only were 2.8 (2.2, 3.7) for cardiovascular disease (CVD), 4.8 (3.0, 7.7) for end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), 2.2 (1.9, 2.6) for infection-related hospitalization, and 1.8 (1.3, 2.4) for all-cause mortality. The development of diabetes was associated with 1.3 (0.8, 1.7), 0.6 (0.3, 0.8), 3.2 (2.4, 4.0), and 0.5 (0.2, 0.9) additional incident cases per 1,000 person-years, accounting for 24.0% (13.2%, 35.9%), 42.0% (22.5%, 58.8%), 10.8% (7.1%, 14.9%), and 6.0% (-3.1%, 16.1%) of absolute number of CVD, ESKD, infection-related hospitalization, and all-cause mortality over 20 years after GDM, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes is a significant contributor to the population health burden of some clinical outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, but other risk factors need to be considered.
Metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy: Fingerprinting the maternal metabolome using proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.; AIMS: Maternal metabolic disorders place the mother at risk for negative pregnancy outcomes with potentially long-term health impacts for the child. Metabolic syndrome, a cluster of features associated with increased risk of metabolic disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and stroke, affects roughly one in five Canadians. Metabolomics is a relatively new technique that may be a useful tool to identify women at risk of metabolic disorders. This study set out to characterize urinary metabolic biomarkers of pregnant women with obesity and of pregnant women who later developed gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-GDM), compared to controls. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Second trimester urine samples were collected through the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort and examined with (1)H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Multivariate analysis was used to examine group differences, and machine learning feature selection tools identified the metabolites contributing to separation. RESULTS: Obesity and pre-GDM metabolomes were distinct from controls and from each other. In each comparison, the glycine, serine and threonine pathways were the most impacted. Pantothenate, formic acid and glycine were downregulated by obesity, while formic acid, dimethylamine and galactose were downregulated in pre-GDM. The three most impacted metabolites for the comparison of obesity versus pre-GDM groups were upregulated creatine/caffeine, downregulated sarcosine/dimethylamine and upregulated maltose/sucrose in individuals who later developed GDM. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest a role for urinary metabolomics in the prediction of GDM and metabolic marker identification for potential diagnostics and prognostics in women at risk.
Lifetime history of gestational diabetes and cognitive function in parous women in midlife.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We aimed to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cognitive function in midlife. METHODS: We conducted a secondary data analysis of the prospective Nurses' Health Study II. From 1989 to 2001, and then in 2009, participants reported their history of GDM. A subset participated in a cognition sub-study in 2014-2019 (wave 1) or 2018-2022 (wave 2). We included 15,906 parous participants (≥1 birth at ≥18 years) who completed a cognitive assessment and were free of CVD, cancer and diabetes before their first birth. The primary exposure was a history of GDM. Additionally, we studied exposure to GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (neither GDM nor type 2 diabetes, GDM only, type 2 diabetes only or GDM followed by type 2 diabetes) and conducted mediation analysis by type 2 diabetes. The outcomes were composite z scores measuring psychomotor speed/attention, learning/working memory and global cognition obtained with the Cogstate brief battery. Mean differences (β and 95% CI) in cognitive function by GDM were estimated using linear regression. RESULTS: The 15,906 participants were a mean of 62.0 years (SD 4.9) at cognitive assessment, and 4.7% (n=749) had a history of GDM. In models adjusted for age at cognitive assessment, race and ethnicity, education, wave of enrolment in the cognition sub-study, socioeconomic status and pre-pregnancy characteristics, women with a history of GDM had lower performance in psychomotor speed/attention (β -0.08; 95% CI -0.14, -0.01) and global cognition (β -0.06; 95% CI -0.11, -0.01) than those without a history of GDM. The lower cognitive performance in women with GDM was only partially explained by the development of type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Women with a history of GDM had poorer cognition than those without GDM. If replicated, our findings support future research on early risk modification strategies for women with a history of GDM as a potential avenue to decrease their risk of cognitive impairment.
Randomized trial of diet versus diet plus cardiovascular conditioning on glucose levels in gestational diabetes.; We studied the impact of a training program on glucose tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (N = 19) were randomized into either group I, a 6-week diet alone group (24 to 30 kcal/kg/24 hours; 20% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 40% fat), or group II, which followed the same diet plus exercise (20 minutes three times a week for 6 weeks). An arm ergometer was used to maintain heart rate in the training range. Glycemic response was monitored by glycosylated hemoglobin, a 50 gm oral glucose challenge with a fasting and 1-hour plasma glucose, and blood glucose self-monitoring, fasting and 1 hour after meals. Week 1 glycemic parameters were the same for both groups. Week 6 data (mean +/- SD) were as follows: group I glycosylated hemoglobin, 4.7% + 0.2% versus group II, 4.2% +/- 0.2%; p less than 0.001. The group I glucose challenge fasting value was 87.6 +/- 6.2 versus 70.1 +/- 6.6 mg/dl, p less than 0.001 for group II. The group I 1-hour plasma glucose challenge result was 187.5 +/- 12.9 mg/dl versus 105.9 +/- 18.9 mg/dl for group II, p less than 0.001. The glycemic levels diverged between the groups at week 4. We conclude that arm ergometer training is feasible in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and results in lower glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting, and 1-hour plasma glucose concentrations than diet alone. Arm ergometer training may provide a useful treatment option for women with gestational diabetes mellitus and may obviate insulin treatment.
Noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive gravidae with gestational diabetes.; AIM: Carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT), hyperhomocysteinemia, microalbuminuria, and nitric oxide reflect subclinical atherosclerosis and predict the risk of future cardiovascular events. We aimed to evaluate the presence of subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) noninvasively. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We enrolled 41 normotensive patients with GDM and 44 healthy gravidae in the study. Serum homocysteine and nitric oxide levels, urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria), and CIMT were evaluated along with lipid parameters and anthropometric measurements. RESULTS: Patients with GDM had significantly higher levels of serum homocysteine, urinary albumin excretion, and increased CIMT (p < 0.001, p=0.005, and p < 0.001, respectively). Nitric oxide levels were significantly reduced in the patient group (p < 0.001). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) but not of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride levels. A significant correlation was observed between CIMT and serum LDL, HDL, homocysteine, nitric oxide levels, and urinary albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was significantly correlated with serum homocysteine levels (p=0.03) but not with nitric oxide. CONCLUSION: Independent of elevated blood pressure, subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction exist in normotensive patients with GDM. Further studies with a large number of participants are required to clarify these data.
Early onset of subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Common carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasively assessed marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. Our aim in this study was to investigate CIMT in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Thirty women with GDM and 40 unaffected women (as a control group) were included in the study. Blood samples were drawn from each woman in the morning after they had fasted for at least 8 h, and levels of fasting glucose, insulin, homocysteine, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol were measured, along with the CIMT in the two groups. RESULTS: The mean triglyceride (P = 0.016) and VLDL cholesterol (P = 0.011) levels in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the unaffected women. There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to plasma levels of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and insulin. The mean homocysteine (P = 0.027) and fasting glucose (P = 0.019) levels in women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. Patients with GDM had significantly higher CIMT than did the unaffected women (0.582 +/- 0.066 mm vs. 0.543 +/- 0.049 mm, P = 0.006). CIMT correlated positively with maternal age (r = 0.316, P = 0.008), body mass index (BMI) at the time of a 50-g oral glucose load test (r = 0.414, P = 0.001) and homocysteine levels (r = 0.332, P = 0.008), and fasting glucose (r = 0.265, P = 0.031) and 1-h glucose value (r = 0.410, P = 0.001) at the time of the oral glucose tolerance test. There was a positive correlation between the presence of GDM and CIMT (r = 0.372, P = 0.001). However, stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that GDM/no GDM (95% CI +0.012 to +0.076, P = 0.008) and BMI at the time of the 50-g test (95% CI +0.001 to +0.009, P = 0.011) were independent parameters related to CIMT. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have increased CIMT compared with unaffected women.
Gestational Diabetes and Incident Heart Failure: A Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of heart failure (HF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using information from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We identified all women in Ontario with a GDM diagnosis with a live birth singleton delivery between 1 July 2007 and 31 March 2018. Women with diabetes or HF before pregnancy were excluded. GDM was defined based on laboratory test results and diagnosis coding. The primary outcome was incident HF hospitalization over a period extending from the index pregnancy until 31 March 2019. The secondary outcome was prevalent peripartum cardiomyopathy at index pregnancy. Estimates of association were adjusted for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS: Among 906,319 eligible women (mean age 30 years [SD 5.6], 50,193 with GDM [5.5%]), there were 763 HF events over a median follow-up period of 7 years. GDM was associated with a higher risk of incident HF (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.62 [95% CI 1.28, 2.05]) compared with no GDM. This association remained significant after accounting for chronic kidney disease, postpartum diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease (aHR 1.39 [95% CI 1.09, 1.79]). GDM increased the odds of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio 1.83 [95% CI 1.45, 2.33]). CONCLUSIONS: In a large observational study, GDM was associated with an increased risk of HF. Consequently, diabetes screening during pregnancy is suggested to identify women at risk for HF.
High-saturated-fat diet induces gestational diabetes and placental vasculopathy in C57BL/6 mice.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a commonly encountered disorder of mid to late pregnancy that is characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Gestational diabetes mellitus is thought to be multifactorial in origin and derives from both genetic and environmental factors. However, the mechanisms underlying GDM are incompletely understood; and current GDM animal models do not appear to closely mimic the clinical situation in humans. The present study used environmental exposure to high-saturated-fat diet (HFD) in an effort to develop a GDM mouse model that closely simulates metabolic abnormalities seen in human GDM. This model was then used to determine the contributions of HFD-induced placental oxidative stress (OS) and vascular dysregulation, which are observed in GDM patients and are believed to contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease. Pathologic manifestations of the disease were quantified by evaluating the extent of placental lipid peroxidation and by determining protective effects of dietary antioxidant quercetin supplementation to reduce HFD-associated placental OS. In this study, female C57BL/6 mice were fed HFD for 1 month before conception and throughout gestation to mimic chronic maternal fast food consumption. Maternal body weight increased from gestation day (GD) 0 to GD19 by 41% with HFD, as compared with 23% in control dams; HFD dams also developed insulin resistance (66% increase in plasma insulin and 27% increase in plasma glucose levels by GD10) as compared with control dams. Placentas from HFD GD19 dams demonstrated loss of trophoblasts and OS-mediated labyrinthine endothelial cellular damage, the latter of which was prevented with quercetin supplementation. Our findings suggest that prenatal HFD alters glucose metabolism and elevates placental OS, which are believed to collectively relate to improper formation of the conceptus and impaired birth outcome.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Mothers with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Based on Postpartal Expression Profile of MicroRNAs Associated with Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular Diseases.; Mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing diabetes in the future and a lifelong cardiovascular risk. Postpartal expression profile of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated microRNAs was assessed 3-11 years after the delivery in whole peripheral blood of young and middle-aged mothers with a prior exposure to GDM with the aim to identify a high-risk group of mothers at risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases who would benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies and long-term follow-up. The hypothesis of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in women was based on the knowledge that a series of microRNAs play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. Abnormal expression profile of multiple microRNAs was found in women with a prior exposure to GDM (miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, miR-342-3p, miR-499a-5p, and-miR-574-3p). Postpartal combined screening of miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-103a-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p showed the highest accuracy for the identification of mothers with a prior exposure to GDM at a higher risk of later development of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases (AUC 0.900, p 0.001, sensitivity 77.48%, specificity 93.26%, cut off >0.611270413). It was able to identify 77.48% mothers with an increased cardiovascular risk at 10.0% FPR. Any of changes in epigenome (upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-29a-3p, and miR-195-5p) that were induced by GDM-complicated pregnancy are long-acting and may predispose mothers affected with GDM to later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In addition, novel epigenetic changes (upregulation of serious of microRNAs) appeared in a proportion of women that were exposed to GDM throughout the postpartal life. Likewise, a previous occurrence of either GH, PE, and/or FGR, as well as a previous occurrence of GDM, is associated with the upregulation of miR-1-3p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p. On the other hand, upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-342-3p, and miR-574-3p represents a unique feature of aberrant expression profile of women with a prior exposure to GDM. Screening of particular microRNAs may stratify a high-risk group of mothers with a history of GDM who might benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies.
Serum lipid levels in relation to clinical outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Research on dyslipidemia during pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has rarely been conducted in Asia. The present study aimed to evaluate maternal mid-trimester lipid profile in relation to GDM and clinical outcomes in these high-risk populations. METHODS: The medical records of 632 pregnant women in the second trimester were retrospectively analyzed. Maternal fasting serum lipids were assayed for total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) and Apo B concentrations during the second trimester. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated as log (TG/HDL). The clinical outcomes were collected by evaluating delivery mode, postpartum hemorrhage, prematurity, macrosomia, birth weight, body length and neonatal Apgar 5 min score. RESULTS: Levels of TG and AIP were elevated while decreased HDL-C was observed in women with GDM compared with that of the control group. Significant differences were observed in gestational weeks at birth, cesarean section, postpartum hemorrhage, birth weight, body length, prematurity and macrosomia between the two groups. Compared with women with hyperlipidemia, the incidence of GDM and cesarean section was lower in normal lipid group. Women in the hyperlipidemia group had smaller gestational weeks at birth than those in the control group. According to the logistic regression analysis, each unit elevation in AIP increased the risk of GDM by 18.48 times (OR = 18.48, CI: 2.38-143.22). Besides, age (OR = 1.11, CI: 1.06-1.16) and pre-pregnancy BMI (OR = 1.15, CI: 1.07-1.24) were the risk factors of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggested that reasonable lipid control in the second trimester might reduce the incidence of GDM and be a potential strategy for improving clinical outcomes in these high-risk women.
Unraveling the role of microRNAs: potential biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus revealed through RNA sequencing analysis.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant health risks for both mothers and children, contributing to long-term complications such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study explores the potential of microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers for GDM by analyzing peripheral blood samples from GDM patients. METHOD: Ten samples, including peripheral blood from 5 GDM patients and 5 controls, were collected to perform the RNA sequencing analysis. Differentially expressed miRNAs were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: A total of 2287 miRNAs were identified, 229 of which showed differential expression. Validation by qRT-PCR confirmed significant up-regulation of miR-5193, miR-5003-3p, miR-3127-5p, novel-miR-96, miR-6734-5p, and miR-122-5p, while miR-10395-3p was down-regulated. Bioinformatics analyses revealed the involvement of these miRNAs in pathways associated with herpes simplex virus 1 infection. CONCLUSION: This study provides insights into the differential expression of miRNAs in GDM patients and their potential roles in disease pathogenesis. It suggests that the differentially expressed miRNAs could serve as potential biomarkers for GDM, shedding light on the complex molecular mechanisms involved.
Fetal Cardiac Function at Midgestation in Women Who Subsequently Develop Gestational Diabetes.; IMPORTANCE: Fetuses in women with gestational diabetes (GD) compared with those without GD show evidence of subclinical cardiac functional and morphological changes. However, it is uncertain whether glycemia or the adverse maternal underlying risk factor profile is the main driver for fetal cardiac remodeling. OBJECTIVE: To assess cardiac morphology and function at midgestation in fetuses of mothers prior to development of GD and compare them with those of unaffected controls. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: During this prospective nonintervention screening study at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation, fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants. Pregnancy complications were obtained from the medical records of the women. Fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants at Harris Birthright Research Institute at King's College Hospital, London, United Kingdom. Participants included pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who attended their routine fetal ultrasound examination at midgestation and agreed to participate in the Advanced Cardiovascular Imaging Study in pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES: Comparison of fetal cardiac morphology and function between mothers who subsequently developed GD and those who did not develop GD. METHODS: This was a prospective nonintervention screening study of 5620 women with singleton pregnancies at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricle. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity index. RESULTS: The 5620 included patients had a mean age of 33.6 years. In 470 cases, the women were diagnosed with GD after the midgestation echocardiographic assessment (8.4%). Women with GD, compared with the non-GD group, were older, had higher BMI, higher prevalence of family history of diabetes, non-White ethnicity, chronic hypertension, and GD in a previous pregnancy. In fetuses of the GD group compared with the non-GD group, there was mild increase in interventricular millimeter thickness (0.04; 95% CI, 0.03-0.06 mm) and left atrial area (0.04; 95% CI, 0.04-0.05), whereas left and right functional indices were comparable between groups with the exception of left ventricular ejection fraction, which was marginally improved in the GD group (0.02; 95% CI, 0.03-0.03). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This study demonstrates that prior to development of GD, there was mild alteration in fetal cardiac morphology without affecting cardiac function. This suggests that the adverse maternal risk factor profile and not only the glycemia might contribute to cardiac remodeling noted in fetuses of women with GD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies-a scoping review.; BACKGROUND: Globally, gestational diabetes mellitus complicates 1 in 6 pregnancies and increases future risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the affected women. There is a lack of consensus on the optimal follow-up of these women. eHealth is emerging as a health care tool, but its practical utility and advantages over standard care in the follow-up after pregnancy complications remains to be determined. Our aim was to systematically review the existing literature on cardiovascular follow-up after gestational diabetes, the utility of eHealth technology for this purpose, and to identify research gaps. METHODS: We performed a systematic scoping review following a published protocol and the Joanna Briggs methodology for studies up until May 2022. Four databases were searched: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Maternity and Infant Care, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. Primary research articles and systematic reviews were included in the final analyses. Two reviewers independently screened abstracts and performed full text assessment. Data was extracted using a data charting form. In all stages of the process, if consensus was not reached, a third reviewer was consulted. The findings from the data charting process provided the basis for summarizing the findings from the included studies. RESULTS: The search of the databases generated 2772 hits. After removing duplicates and manually adding a total of 19 studies, reviews, and guidelines, a total of 2769 titles and abstracts were screened, and 97 papers underwent full-text review. In the final analyses, 15 articles and 12 systematic reviews were included, whereas guidelines are presented as supplementary material. No studies were identified that examined follow-up regarding long-term overall cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes. Various lifestyle interventions were tested for individual cardiovascular risk factors, with diverging effects. eHealth technologies were found acceptable by participants but had no consistent, statistically significant effect on relevant health outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: This scoping review of the existing literature revealed neither an established systematic cardiovascular follow-up strategy for women after gestational diabetes nor evidence that eHealth technologies are superior to conventional follow-up. Further research into the utility of eHealth in cardiovascular follow-up after complicated pregnancies should include longer-term follow-up and core cardiovascular outcomes. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: The protocol for this scoping review was published at Open Science Framework (osf.io/p5hw6).
Carotid intimal-medial thickness is not increased in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Measuring the carotid artery intimal-medial thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasive technique used to evaluate early atherosclerosis and to predict future cardiovascular diseases. We examined the association between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors in young Korean women with previous GDM. METHODS: One hundred one women with previous GDM and 19 women who had normal pregnancies (NP) were recruited between 1999 and 2002. At one year postpartum, CIMT was measured using high-resolution B-mode ultrasonography, and oral glucose tolerance tests were performed. Fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), insulin levels and lipid profiles were also measured. CIMTs in the GDM and NP groups were compared, and the associations between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors were analyzed in the GDM group. RESULTS: CIMT results of the GDM group were not significantly different from those of the NP group (GDM, 0.435±0.054 mm; NP, 0.460±0.046 mm; P=0.069). In the GDM group, a higher HbA1c was associated with an increase in CIMT after age adjustment (P=0.011). CIMT results in the group with HbA1c >6.0% were higher than those of the normal HbA1c (HbA1c ≤6.0%) (P=0.010). Nine of the patients who are type 2 diabetes mellitus converters within one year postpartum but showed no significant difference in CIMT results compared to NP group. CONCLUSION: Higher HbA1c is associated with an increase in CIMT in women with previous GDM. However, CIMT at one year postpartum was not increased in these women compared to that in NP women.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with cardiovascular risk profiles in later life: Current insights from the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) have been related to increased cardiovascular (CV) risk and mortality in later life. Underlying pathomechanisms for the development of CV disease in these women are not yet fully understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between APO and individual CV risk profiles in later life. METHODS: We used cross-sectional data from 10,000 participants enrolled in the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS). We analysed self-reported APO, CV risk factors and health status, including biomarkers, electrocardiogram, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound. To examine associations, Wilcoxon rank sum test and Pearson's χ(2)-test were performed. Multivariable-adjusted regression models were calculated to determine associations. RESULTS: N = 1970 women who reported pregnancies were included. Median age was 63 years, 8.7 % reported gestational hypertension (gHTN), 18 % excessive weight gain and 2.4 % gestational diabetes. Ten percent had delivered newborns with birth weight <2.5 kg, 14 % newborns with birth weight >4 kg. In multivariable-adjusted models, significant associations between APO, CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling were identified. gHTN correlated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Beta 1.68, CI 95 % 0.86-2.50; p < 0.001), hypertension (OR 4.58, CI 95 % 2.79-7.86; p < 0.001), left ventricular remodeling (e.g. left ventricular mass index (Beta 4.46, CI 95 % 1.05-7.87; p = 0.010)) and myocardial infarction (OR 3.27, CI 95 % 0.94-10.07; p = 0.046). CONCLUSIONS: In this population-based sample, APO were associated with CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling in later life, suggesting early manifestations of future CV risk during pregnancy. Prospective data is needed for individual risk stratification in women with APO.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring.; BACKGROUND: Birth cohort studies link gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with impaired cognitive performance in the offspring. However, the mechanisms involved are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that obesity-associated GDM induces chronic neuroinflammation and disturbs the development of neuronal circuitry resulting in impaired cognitive abilities in the offspring. METHODS: In rats, GDM was induced by feeding dams a diet high in sucrose and fatty acids. Brains of neonatal (E20) and young adult (15-week-old) offspring of GDM and lean dams were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, cytokine assay, and western blotting. Young adult offspring of GDM and lean dams went also through cognitive assessment. Cultured microglial responses to elevated glucose and/or fatty acids levels were analyzed. RESULTS: In rats, impaired recognition memory was observed in the offspring of GDM dams. GDM exposure combined with a postnatal high-fat and sucrose diet resulted in atypical inattentive behavior in the offspring. These cognitive changes correlated with reduced density and derangement of Cornu Ammonis 1 pyramidal neuronal layer, decreased hippocampal synaptic integrity, increased neuroinflammatory status, and reduced expression of CX3CR1, the microglial fractalkine receptor regulating microglial pro-inflammatory responses and synaptic pruning. Primary microglial cultures that were exposed to high concentrations of glucose and/or palmitate were transformed into an activated, amoeboid morphology with increased nitric oxide and superoxide production, and altered their cytokine release profile. CONCLUSIONS: These findings demonstrate that GDM stimulates microglial activation and chronic inflammatory responses in the brain of the offspring that persist into young adulthood. Reactive gliosis correlates positively with hippocampal synaptic decline and cognitive impairments. The elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine expression at the critical period of hippocampal synaptic maturation suggests that neuroinflammation might drive the synaptic and cognitive decline in the offspring of GDM dams. The importance of microglia in this process is supported by the reduced Cx3CR1 expression as an indication of the loss of microglial control of inflammatory responses and phagocytosis and synaptic pruning in GDM offspring.
Brain Development in Infants of Mothers With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate clinical neurocognitive performance and microstructural white matter (WM) alterations in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using diffusion tensor imaging. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Infants (corrected gestational age, 33.42-36.00 weeks) of mothers with GDM (n = 31) and gestational age- and sex-matched unexposed controls (n = 31) accomplished 3-T diffusion tensor imaging scans and neurocognitive tests. Diffusion tensor imaging measures, mainly referring to fractional anisotropy (FA) values, were compared between 2 groups, and within-group analysis of correlation between FA values and neurocognitive testing outcomes in GDM-exposed infants was conducted subsequently. RESULTS: Fractional anisotropy was significantly decreased in the splenium of corpus callosum, posterior limb of internal capsule, thalamus in infants of mothers with GDM when compared with controls (P < 0.05), reflecting microstructural WM abnormalities in the GDM group. Decreased FA was associated with worse neurocognitive performance in the exposed group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Individuals of mothers with GDM showed microstructural WM abnormalities in different brain regions, which were significantly related to worse neurocognitive performance. This might reveal that GDM directly insults the brain development of the offspring.
Significance of Serum-Plasma Leptin Profile during Pregnancy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a stage of subclinical inflammation and a risk factor for subsequent future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease development. Leptin has been related with vascular and metabolic changes in GDM with heterogeneous and contradictory results with respect to their possible involvement in maternal, perinatal, and future complications. Our objective is to evaluate current evidence on the role of leptin in maternal and perinatal complications in women with GDM. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus databases were searched. We evaluated the studies’ quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Meta-analyses were conducted, and heterogeneity and publication bias were examined. Thirty-nine relevant studies were finally included, recruiting 2255 GDM and 3846 control pregnant women. Leptin levels were significantly higher in GDM participants than in controls (SMD = 0.57, 95%CI = 0.19 to 0.94; p < 0.001). Subgroup meta-analysis did not evidence significant differences in leptin in the different trimesters of pregnancy. Meta-regression showed a positive significant relationship for HOMA in the GDM group (p = 0.05). According to these results, it seems that high levels of leptin can be used as predictive markers in GDM.
Previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: A nested case-control study in Sweden.; OBJECTIVE: Pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are two common pregnancy complications that affect birth outcomes and are associated with a long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aims of this study were to investigate if the pre-eclampsia association with CVD is independent of GDM and modified by body mass index (BMI) or GDM. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Sweden. POPULATION: Cases were women with a first CVD event between 1991 and 2008 and a previous pregnancy who were matched with controls without CVD (1:5) by year of birth, age and region of birth. METHODS: Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations of GDM, pre-eclampsia and maternal BMI with CVD adjusted for potential confounders and effect modifications with interaction tests. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: CVD. RESULTS: There were 2639 cases and 13 310 controls with complete data. Pre-eclampsia and GDM were independent risk factors for CVD (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.59, 95% CI 2.12-3.17 and aOR 1.47, 95% CI 1.04-2.09, respectively). After stratifying by maternal BMI, the adjusted association of pre-eclampsia with CVD did not differ notably between BMI groups: normal weight (aOR 2.65, 95% CI 1.90-3.69), overweight (aOR 2.67, 95% CI 1.52-4.68) and obesity (aOR 3.03, 95% CI 0.74-12.4). Similar findings were seen when stratifying on GDM/non-GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia and GDM are independent risk factors for later CVD and having both during pregnancy is a major risk factor for later CVD. The association between pre-eclampsia and CVD is not modified by BMI. Effective CVD preventive programs for high-risk women are urgently needed in order to improve women's long-term health.
Small-for-gestational age placentas associate with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancies complicated by either type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: One-fifth of pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-DM) yield placentas <10th percentile small for gestational age (SGA), compared to a non-diabetic population. We hypothesized that SGA placentas of women with pre-DM, whether type I (T1DM) or type II (T2DM), exhibit distinct histopathological changes and pregnancy outcomes compared to pre-DM pregnancies with an AGA placenta. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective, cohort study of placentas from pregnant women enrolled in the Diabetes in Pregnancy Program at Brown University between 2003 and 2011, by comparing pre-DM patients with SGA placentas to pre-DM patients with AGA placental weights. RESULTS: The SGA placenta groups were associated with an increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes, compared to AGA placentas in pregnancies complicated by either T1DM or T2DM. Compared to their AGA pre-DM counterparts, T1DM, SGA placentas show increased peri-villous fibrin/fibrinoid deposition, thrombosis in fetal blood vessels, and meconium staining. Moreover, the histopathology of SGA placentas from T2DM is characterized by decidual vasculopathy, accelerated villous maturity, and erythroblastosis, compared to T2DM AGA placentas. The contrasting placental pathologies between the two pre-DM SGA phenotypes evolved independent of patient demographics and were unrelated to indicators of the glycemic control present at early gestational ages. DISCUSSION: A sub-population of pre-DM women with either T1DM or T2DM diabetes that have an SGA placenta are at increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes in pregnancy, compared to pre-DM women with AGA placental weights.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.; AIMS: To examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and high maternal weight and the risk of development of chronic disease. METHODS: Women with singleton deliveries between April 1999 and March 2010 in Alberta, Canada, were categorized according to pre-pregnancy weight (overweight ≥ 91 kg) and GDM status. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes, as well as the long-term incidence of maternal diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease were examined. RESULTS: Of 240 083 women, 213 765 (89%) had no GDM and were not overweight (reference group), 17 587 (7.3%) were overweight only, 7332 (3%) had GDM only and 1399 (0.6%) had GDM and were overweight. Significant differences in Caesarean section rates, induction rates and birthweight were observed across the four groups. During a median follow-up of 5.3 years, diabetes incidence was 36% in the GDM and overweight, 18.8% in the GDM only, 4.8% in the overweight only and 1.1% in the reference group. With respect to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, the GDM and overweight group had the highest rates (26.8% and 3.1%, respectively) and the reference group had the lowest rates (5.8% and 1.0%, respectively). However, rates were similar in the GDM only (14.9% and 1.9%, respectively) and overweight only groups (14.9% and 1.5%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Not surprisingly, the presence of both high maternal weight and GDM compounds the risk of developing diabetes. However, the association between overweight alone and GDM alone and hypertension and cardiovascular disease appears similar suggesting a need for effective interventions to manage both these conditions to improve the health of these patients.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Meta-Analysis.; Maternal diabetes has been related to an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. However, inconsistent results were retrieved for studies evaluating the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and CHD in offspring. We therefore performed a systematic review and meta-analysis for comprehensive investigation. Observational studies were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science according to the aim of the meta-analysis. A randomized-effects model was used to pool the data by incorporating the influence of potential heterogeneity. Twenty-three observational studies, involving 46953078 mother-child pairs, were available for the meta-analysis. Among them, 2131800 mothers were diagnosed as GDM and 214379 newborns had CHD. Overall, maternal GDM was associated with a higher incidence of CHD in offspring [odds ratio (OR): 1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.21 to 1.45, p<0.001; I2=62%]. Sensitivity analysis limited to studies with adjustment of maternal age and other potential confounding factors showed similar results (OR: 1.40, 95% CI: 1.30 to 1.51, p<0.001; I2=47%). Subgroup analysis suggested that the association between maternal GDM and CHD in offspring was not significantly affected by methods for diagnosis of GDM, methods for confirmation of CHD, or study quality scores (p for subgroup difference all>0.05). Subsequent analysis according to types of CHD showed that maternal GDM was associated with higher risks of atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect, and Tetralogy of Fallot. Maternal GDM may be associated with a higher risk of CHD in offspring.
Maternal vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters at 36 weeks' gestation in gestational and pre-existing diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare maternal vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters at 35-37 weeks' gestation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), those with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM) and those without GDM or pre-existing DM. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women with a singleton pregnancy attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. The visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and measurement of vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters using a non-invasive operator-independent device. These included carotid-to-femoral pulse-wave velocity, augmentation index, cardiac output, stroke volume, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total peripheral resistance and heart rate. The values in the GDM and pre-existing DM groups were compared to those in the unaffected group. RESULTS: We examined 6746 women, of whom 396 were excluded because they had chronic hypertension or developed pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension. The study population of 6350 pregnancies contained 99 (1.6%) with pre-existing Type-I or Type-II DM and 617 (9.7%) that developed GDM, including 261 (42.3%) that were treated with diet alone, 239 (38.7%) treated with metformin alone and 117 (19.0%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. Among women with GDM and those with pre-existing DM, compared to those without GDM or pre-existing DM, there was a higher median cardiac output and heart rate, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse-wave velocity, but there was no significant difference in stroke volume and total peripheral resistance. There were no significant differences within the GDM group according to treatment type, except for higher heart rate in women treated with metformin alone compared to the group treated with diet alone. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM and those with pre-existing DM have evidence of early vascular disease in the third trimester, and this may contribute to their increased long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2024 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine is associated with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is increased in subjects with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum ADMA levels and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with history of GDM. A total of 42 normoglycemic women with previous GDM and 42 age-matched healthy controls were enrolled. Serum levels of ADMA, lipids, insulin, fasting and 2-h glucose following 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. Carotid atherosclerosis was evaluated by ultrasonographically determined intima-media thickness (IMT). Serum ADMA and hsCRP were higher in women with previous GDM compared to the healthy controls (0.72 ± 0.16 vs. 0.41 ± 0.15 μmol/L, p < 0.001; 1.81 ± 0.32 vs. 1.05 ± 0.26 mg/L, p < 0.001; respectively). Carotid IMT was also increased in the previous GDM group (0.77 ± 0.14 vs. 0.52 ± 0.13 mm, p < 0.001). In women with previous GDM, ADMA was positively correlated with hsCRP (r = 41, p < 0.001) and carotid IMT (r = 0.38, p < 0.001). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that ADMA was a significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT in subjects with previous GDM after adjusting for traditional risk factors (β = 0.26, p = 0.017). Our data demonstrated that serum ADMA was associated with hsCRP and carotid IMT in normoglycemic women with previous GDM.
Effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study.; We examined the foetal cardiac structural and functional characteristics in diabetic pregnancies versus non-diabetic, healthy pregnancies. Between August 2015 and April 2016, 32 pregnant women with pregestational diabetes, 36 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and 42 healthy pregnant women were scheduled to have foetal echocardiograms to assess cardiac structure and function. In the diabetic groups, the foetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness was significantly greater than in non-diabetics (p < .05) but none had an IVS >2 SD from normal. The peak velocity of tricuspid E, and the E/A ratio were significantly lower in the diabetic groups (p < .05). Tricuspid valve E(a) values and the E(a)/A(a) ratio were lower in the diabetic group than in the control group (p < .05) but there was no significant difference between the pre-GDM and GDM groups (p > .05). Interventricular septal hypertrophy is the most common structural abnormality in diabetic pregnancies. These changes do not pose a risk to the foetal unless they cause functional impairment. Thus, we believe that it is important for diabetic pregnant women to be monitored for foetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction. Impact statement What is already known on this subject? Pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is a relatively common condition in pregnancy, affecting up to 0.5% of the pregnant population. Foetuses of diabetic mothers are at an increased risk of perinatal morbidity and death. Gestational diabetes mellitus is under-recognised and affects up to 4% of pregnancies. Although diabetes mellitus is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular defects and structural changes (myocardial hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction) due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinism, similar data in women with gestational diabetes is scarce. Moreover, the effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on foetal cardiac structure and function is unclear because of discordant results from previous studies. What do the results of this study add? In this study, we have used foetal echocardiography, two-dimensional US, pulsed wave Doppler and TDI to characterise the foetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancies as well as in the pregnancies complicated by GDM, and pregestational DM. Interventricular septum thickness is increased in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and impaired diastolic function. The dominant right ventricle of the foetal circulation was affected earlier than the left ventricle. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Large population-based studies are required to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in patients with pregestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes in the utility of routine screening.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: Emerging evidence demonstrates that asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels are elevated in patients with or at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Since women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future CVD, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare ADMA concentrations between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and postpartum. METHODS: PubMed, Google Scholar, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases were searched. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021276796). Study selection, data extraction, and data analyses were performed in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. Random-effects model was used to quantify ADMA levels in the study groups. RESULTS: Eleven studies provided data on 1148 women. Mean plasma ADMA concentration was 0.04 μmol/L (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.06-0.15) higher in pregnant women with GDM than those without GDM, but no significant difference was observed. In contrast, our meta-analysis demonstrated a significant increase in postpartum mean ADMA concentration (Mean Difference (MD) 0.11 μmol/L; 95% CI 0.05-0.16) among women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM. CONCLUSION: Elevated ADMA levels in GDM may be a CVD risk factor, suggesting that ADMA may be a potential biomarker for early CVD risk prediction in women with GDM.
Pregnancy Complications as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Disease.; Pregnancy is a time of significant hemodynamic, metabolic, and hormonal stress that can unmask underlying subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, and pregnancy-related complications may serve as early warning signs for future risk of cardiovascular disease. The increased recognition of these sex-specific risk factors could identify women who may benefit from more intensive risk factor modification to reduce morbidity and mortality later in life. In this review, we describe several pregnancy-related complications that have been associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and pregnancy loss. Pregnancy-associated risk factors must be identified to fully assess a woman's future cardiovascular risk and may influence strategies for risk reduction.
Comparison of Parameters of Fetal Doppler Echocardiography Between Mothers with and Without Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The current study aimed to compare fetal myocardial function and ventricular thickness in diabetic and normal pregnancies. METHODS: Women with singleton pregnancies in the second or third trimester who were referred for routine prenatal or anomaly ultrasounds within March 2020 to February 2021 were enrolled in the study. Women with a positive history of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were considered the case group (n = 50), and women without GDM were considered the control group (n = 50). The study did not include women with multifetal pregnancy, hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, and polyhydramnios. A complete fetal Doppler echocardiography was performed to measure isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT), left myocardial performance index (MPI), E/A ratio, right and left ventricular wall thickness, and end-diastolic interventricular septal thickness (IVST). The data were analyzed using three types of decision tree (DT) algorithms, and the performance of each DT was measured on the testing dataset. RESULTS: The frequency of IVRT > 41 milliseconds was significantly higher in the case group than in the control group. The mean MPI values were 0.53 ± 0.15 and 0.43 ± 0.09 (P < 0.05), respectively, and the mean IVST values were 3.3 ± 1.11 and 2.49 ± 0.55 mm (P < 0.05) in the case and control groups, respectively, but not different between the subjects with overt or GDM (P > 0.05). Additionally, in the case group, the mean left MPI values were 0.57 ± 0.18 and 0.49 ± 0.12 in participants with poor and good glycemic control, respectively (P = 0.12). CONCLUSIONS: Complete prenatal echocardiography performed in the second or third trimester is an appropriate tool for the diagnosis of fetal cardiac dysfunction in diabetic mothers and is suggested to perform for diabetic mothers, even those with good glycemic control.
Fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction as an early phenomenon in the programming of human adult diseases in subjects born from gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity in pregnancy (OP) are pathological conditions associated with placenta vascular dysfunction coursing with metabolic changes at the fetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations are seen as abnormal expression and activity of the cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial nitric oxide synthase isoform, that is, the "endothelial L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway." Several studies suggest that the endogenous nucleoside adenosine along with insulin, and potentially arginases, are factors involved in GDM-, but much less information regards their role in OP-associated placental vascular alterations. There is convincing evidence that GDM and OP prone placental endothelium to an "altered metabolic state" leading to fetal programming evidenced at birth, a phenomenon associated with future development of chronic diseases. In this paper it is suggested that this pathological state could be considered as a metabolic marker that could predict occurrence of diseases in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus (including gestational diabetes), and metabolic syndrome.
Antenatal factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) is a common cause of hemiplegic cerebral palsy in children. The diagnosis of PAIS is based on cerebral imaging. The objective of our study was to determine prenatal risk factors associated with PAIS. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was nested in the whole population of Burgundy, France, from January 2000 to December 2007. Case patients were confirmed by review of brain imaging and medical records. Three control subjects per case were randomly selected from the study population by sex, term, place, and year of birth. RESULTS: PAIS was confirmed in 32 patients and its incidence was one per 4400 live births. In comparison to control subjects, clinical conditions significantly associated to cases were gestational diabetes (16.1% versus 4.2%; P=0.04), fetal heart rate abnormalities (35.5% versus 10.9%; P=0.001), and meconium-stained liquor (40% versus 12%; P<0.001). At the limit of statistical significance were found maternal smoking before (39.3% versus 22.9%; P=0.08) and during pregnancy (32.1% versus 16.7%; P=0.07), cord abnormalities (29% versus 14.1%; P=0.06), and cesarean delivery (28.1% versus 14.6%; P=0.08). In the multivariate analysis, maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.8; P=0.04) was the only risk factor significantly associated with PAIS. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to identify maternal smoking during pregnancy as an independent prenatal risk factor of PAIS. Additional prospective studies are needed to confirm this result and to investigate the role of maternal smoking in fetal and neonatal thrombogenesis.
Cardiovascular outcomes 50 years after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: Follow-up of a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long-term health. This study assessed cardiovascular outcomes at 50 years after antenatal exposure to corticosteroids. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We assessed the adult offspring of women who participated in the first randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (1969 to 1974). The first 717 mothers received 2 intramuscular injections of 12 mg betamethasone or placebo 24 h apart and the subsequent 398 received 2 injections of 24 mg betamethasone or equivalent volume of placebo. Follow-up included a health questionnaire and consent to access administrative data sources. The co-primary outcomes were the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, or prediabetes) and age at first major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularisation, stroke, admission for peripheral vascular disease, and admission for heart failure). Analyses were adjusted for gestational age at entry, sex, and clustering. Of 1,218 infants born to 1,115 mothers, we followed up 424 (46% of survivors; 212 [50%] female) at mean (standard deviation) age 49.3 (1.0) years. There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone or placebo for cardiovascular risk factors (159/229 [69.4%] versus 131/195 [67.2%]; adjusted relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.89, 1.18;]; p = 0.735) or age at first MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.58, 95% CI [0.23, 1.49]; p = 0.261). There were also no differences in the components of these composite outcomes or in any of the other secondary outcomes. Key limitations were follow-up rate and lack of in-person assessments. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence that antenatal corticosteroids increase the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or incidence of cardiovascular events up to 50 years of age. Established benefits of antenatal corticosteroids are not outweighed by an increase in adult cardiovascular disease.
Temporal Trends in Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes for Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: The Nationwide Multicenter Registry Over 20 Years.; BACKGROUND: Although peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a fatal disease affecting young patients and fetuses, little is known about its recent prognosis and risk factors. This study investigated temporal trends in clinical characteristics and outcomes for PPCM in a nationwide multicenter registry. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population comprised 340 patients (mean age, 33 years) who were diagnosed with PPCM between January 2000 and September 2022 in 26 tertiary hospitals in South Korea. PPCM was defined as heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤45% and no previously known cardiac disease. The main study outcomes included time to the first occurrence of all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization. The diagnosis of PPCM cases increased notably during the study period (P<0.001). However, clinical outcomes showed no significant improvement (all-cause death for 10 years: 0.9% [2000-2010] versus 2.3% [2011-2022], P=0.450; all-cause death and heart transplantation for 10 years: 3.6% [2000-2010] versus 3.0% [2011-2022] P=0.520; all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization for 10 years: 11.7% [2000-2010] versus 19.8% [2011-2022], P=0.240). High body mass index (hazard ratio [HR], 1.106 [95% CI, 1.024-1.196]; P=0.011), the presence of gestational diabetes (HR, 5.346 [95% CI, 1.778-16.07]; P=0.002), and increased baseline left ventricular end-diastolic dimension (HR, 1.078 [95% CI, 1.002-1.159]; P=0.044) were significant risk factors for poor prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: While the incidence of PPCM has increased over the past 20 years, the prognosis has not improved significantly. Timely management and close follow-up are necessary for high-risk patients with PPCM with high body mass index, gestational diabetes, or large left ventricular end-diastolic dimension.
Long-Term Follow-Up on Morbidity Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates up to 10% of pregnancies and is a well-known risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Little is known about possible long-term risks of other diseases. BACKGROUND: The aim was to review the literature for evidence of associations with morbidity other than T2DM and cardiovascular disease and with long-term mortality. METHODS: A systematic review based on searches in Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library until March 31, 2021, using a broad range of keywords. We extracted study characteristics and results on associations between GDM and disease occurrence at least 10 years postpartum, excluding studies on women with diabetes prior to pregnancy or only diabetes prior to outcome. The results are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess risk of bias. RESULTS: We screened 3084 titles, 81 articles were assessed full-text, and 15 included in the review. The strongest evidence for an association was for kidney diseases, particularly in Black women. We found indication of an association with liver disease, possibly restricted to women with T2DM postpartum. The association between GDM and breast cancer had been studied extensively, but in most cases based on self-reported diagnosis and with conflicting results. Only sparse and inconsistent results were found for other cancers. No study on thyroid diseases was found, and no study reported on short-term or long-term mortality in women with a history of GDM. CONCLUSION: Given the frequency of GDM, there is a need for better evidence on possible long-term health consequences, in particular, studies based on comprehensive records of diagnosis of GDM and long-term health outcomes.
Cardiovascular Disease-Associated MicroRNAs as Novel Biomarkers of First-Trimester Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications.; We assessed the diagnostic potential of cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs for the early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancies of Caucasian descent in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications. Whole peripheral venous blood samples were collected within 10 to 13 weeks of gestation. This retrospective study involved all pregnancies diagnosed with only GDM (n = 121) and 80 normal term pregnancies selected with regard to equality of sample storage time. Gene expression of 29 microRNAs was assessed using real-time RT-PCR. Upregulation of 11 microRNAs (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p) was observed in pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. Combined screening of all 11 dysregulated microRNAs showed the highest accuracy for the early identification of pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. This screening identified 47.93% of GDM pregnancies at a 10.0% false positive rate (FPR). The predictive model for GDM based on aberrant microRNA expression profile was further improved via the implementation of clinical characteristics (maternal age and BMI at early stages of gestation and an infertility treatment by assisted reproductive technology). Following this, 69.17% of GDM pregnancies were identified at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model specifically for severe GDM requiring administration of therapy involved using a combination of these three clinical characteristics and three microRNA biomarkers (miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, and miR-195-5p). This model identified 78.95% of cases at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model for GDM managed by diet only required the involvement of these three clinical characteristics and eight microRNA biomarkers (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p). With this, the model identified 50.50% of GDM pregnancies managed by diet only at a 10.0% FPR. When other clinical variables such as history of miscarriage, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, positive first-trimester screening for preeclampsia and/or fetal growth restriction by the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, and family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives were included in the GDM prediction model, the predictive power was further increased at a 10.0% FPR (72.50% GDM in total, 89.47% GDM requiring therapy, and 56.44% GDM managed by diet only). Cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs represent promising early biomarkers to be implemented into routine first-trimester screening programs with a very good predictive potential for GDM.
Rule-based expert system for the diagnosis of maternal complications during pregnancy: For low resource settings.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal complications are health challenges linked to pregnancy, encompassing conditions like gestational diabetes, maternal sepsis, sexually transmitted diseases, obesity, anemia, urinary tract infections, hypertension, and heart disease. The diagnosis of common pregnancy complications is challenging due to the similarity in signs and symptoms with general pregnancy indicators, especially in settings with scarce resources where access to healthcare professionals, diagnostic tools, and patient record management is limited. This paper presents a rule-based expert system tailored for diagnosing three prevalent maternal complications: preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and maternal sepsis. METHODS: The risk factors associated with each disease were identified from various sources, including local health facilities and literature reviews. Attributes and rules were then formulated for diagnosing the disease, with a Mamdani-style fuzzy inference system serving as the inference engine. To enhance usability and accessibility, a web-based user interface has been also developed for the expert system. This interface allows users to interact with the system seamlessly, making it easy for them to input relevant information and obtain accurate disease diagnose. RESULTS: The proposed expert system demonstrated a 94% accuracy rate in identifying the three maternal complications (preeclampsia, GDM, and maternal sepsis) using a set of risk factors. The system was deployed to a custom-designed web-based user interface to improve ease of use. CONCLUSIONS: With the potential to support health services provided during antenatal care visits and improve pregnant women's health outcomes, this system can be a significant advancement in low-resource setting maternal healthcare.
Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and later risk of cardiovascular disease: Women's experiences and motivation for lifestyle changes explored in focus group interviews.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both associated with increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Knowledge of the relationship between these pregnancy complications and increased CVD risk enables early prevention through lifestyle changes. This study aimed to explore women's experiences with PE and/or GDM, and their motivation and need for information and support to achieve lifestyle changes. METHODS: Systematic text condensation was used for thematic analysis of meaning and content of data from five focus group interviews with 17 women with PE and/or GDM, with a live birth between January 2015 and October 2017. RESULTS: This study provides new knowledge of how women with GDM and/or PE experience pregnancy complications in a Nordic healthcare model. It reveals the support they want and the important motivating factors for lifestyle change. We identified six themes: Trivialization of the diagnosis during pregnancy; Left to themselves to look after their own health; The need to process the shock before making lifestyle changes (severe PE); A desire for information about future disease risk and partner involvement; Practical solutions in a busy life with a little one, and; Healthcare professionals can reinforce the turning point. The women with GDM wanted healthcare professionals to motivate them to continue the lifestyle changes introduced during pregnancy. Those with severe PE felt a need for individualized care to ensure that they had processed their traumatic labor experiences before making lifestyle changes. Participants wanted their partner to be routinely involved to ensure a joint understanding of the need for lifestyle changes. Motivation for lifestyle changes in pregnancy was linked to early information and seeing concrete results. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PE and GDM have different experiences of diagnosis and treatment, which will affect the follow-up interventions to reduce future CVD risk through lifestyle change. For GDM patients, lifestyle changes in pregnancy should be reinforced and continued postpartum. Women with PE should be informed by their general practitioner after birth, and given a plan for lifestyle change. Those with severe PE will need help in processing the trauma, and stress management should be routinely offered.
Stretch-induced compliance mechanism in pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy and the impact of cardiovascular risk factors.; Pressure overload-induced hypertrophy compromises cardiac stretch-induced compliance (SIC) after acute volume overload (AVO). We hypothesized that SIC could be enhanced by physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy's chronic volume overload. This study evaluated SIC-cardiac adaptation in pregnant women with or without cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors. Thirty-seven women (1st trimester, 1(st)T) and a separate group of 31 (3rd trimester, 3(rd)T) women [healthy or with CVR factors (obesity and/or hypertension and/or with gestational diabetes)] underwent echocardiography determination of left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV) and E/e' before (T0), immediately after (T1), and 15 min after (T2; SIC) AVO induced by passive leg elevation. Blood samples for NT-proBNP quantification were collected before and after the AVO. Acute leg elevation significantly increased inferior vena cava diameter and stroke volume from T0 to T1 in both 1(st)T and 3(rd)T, confirming AVO. LVEDV and E/e' also increased immediately after AVO (T1) in both 1(st)T and 3(rd)T. SIC adaptation (T2, 15 min after AVO) significantly decreased E/e' in both trimesters, with additional expansion of LVEDV only in the 1(st)T. NT-pro-BNP increased slightly after AVO but only in the 1(st)T. CVR factors, but not parity or age, significantly impacted SIC cardiac adaptation. A distinct functional response to SIC was observed between 1(st)T and 3(rd)T, which was influenced by CVR factors. The LV of 3(rd)T pregnant women was hypertrophied, showing a structural limitation to dilate with AVO, whereas the lower LV filling pressure values suggest increased diastolic compliance.NEW & NOTEWORTHY The sudden increase of volume overload triggers an acute myocardial stretch characterized by an immediate rise in contractility by the Frank-Starling mechanism, followed by a progressive increase known as the slow force response. The present study is the first to characterize echocardiographically the stretch-induced compliance (SIC) mechanism in the context of physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy. A distinct functional adaptation to SIC was observed between first and third trimesters, which was influenced by cardiovascular risk factors.
Impairments in microvascular function and skeletal muscle oxygenation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: links to cardiovascular disease risk factors.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. However, in vivo microvascular endothelial function in GDM has not been investigated. This study aimed to examine, using near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), whether: (1) there are differences in microvascular reactivity and skeletal muscle oxygen consumption (m[Formula: see text]) at rest and during exercise between GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies; and (2) there is an association of NIRS indices with macrovascular function and cardiovascular disease risk factors. METHODS: Twenty-nine pregnant women (13 with GDM and 16 women with uncomplicated pregnancy, 28 ± 2 gestational weeks) underwent arterial stiffness (pulse wave velocity [PWV]) and 24 h ambulatory BP (24 h BP) evaluation. NIRS continuously monitored, non-invasively, changes in muscle oxygenated and deoxygenated haemoglobin and tissue O(2) saturation index (TSI, %) during arterial occlusion/reperfusion and intermittent handgrip exercise. m[Formula: see text] and vascular reactivity indices were calculated. RESULTS: During occlusion and reperfusion, women with GDM exhibited slower TSI response (occlusion slope: -0.06 ± 0.02 vs -0.10 ± 0.04, in GDM and controls, respectively; reperfusion slope: 0.65 ± 0.26 vs 1.05 ± 0.41, respectively), lower m[Formula: see text] (1.3 ± 1.2 vs 3.8 ± 2.3 μmol l(-1) min(-1)) and blunted hyperaemia (ΔTSI 6.8 ± 2.9 vs 9.5 ± 3.4) compared with controls (p < 0.01). Despite similar handgrip strength in the GDM and control groups (29.1 ± 8.1 vs 26.2 ± 10.4 kg, respectively), during repeated forearm contractions, women with GDM presented a blunted TSI response (6.5 ± 3.9 vs 19.2 ± 10.9; p < 0.01) and a reduced capacity to maintain the predetermined handgrip (23.4 ± 2.9 vs 27.4 ± 3.8%, p < 0.05). NIRS indices correlated with PWV, 24 h BP and blood glucose concentration earlier in pregnancy (r = 0.40-0.60; p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Women with GDM exhibited a characteristic blunted TSI curve, showing alterations in muscle oxygenation and microvascular responsiveness compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies. These alterations were manifested during exercise and possibly contribute to the reduced exercise tolerance in GDM. NIRS indices correlated with macrovascular indices (arterial stiffness) and 24 h BP.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Implications across the Life Span.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has historically been perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy that also serves as a harbinger of maternal risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the future. In recent decades, a growing body of evidence has detailed additional lifelong implications that extend beyond T2DM, including an elevated risk of ultimately developing cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, the risk factors that mediate this lifetime cardiovascular risk are evident not only after delivery but are present even before the pregnancy in which GDM is first diagnosed. The concept thus emerging from these data is that the diagnosis of GDM enables the identification of women who are already on an enhanced track of cardiometabolic risk that starts early in life. Studies of the offspring of pregnancies complicated by diabetes now suggest that the earliest underpinnings of this cardiometabolic risk profile may be determined in utero and may first manifest clinically in childhood. Accordingly, from this perspective, GDM is now seen as a chronic metabolic disorder that holds implications across the life span of both mother and child.
A Clinical Update on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) traditionally refers to abnormal glucose tolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM has long been associated with obstetric and neonatal complications primarily relating to higher infant birthweight and is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for future maternal and offspring cardiometabolic disease. The prevalence of GDM continues to rise internationally due to epidemiological factors including the increase in background rates of obesity in women of reproductive age and rising maternal age and the implementation of the revised International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' criteria and diagnostic procedures for GDM. The current lack of international consensus for the diagnosis of GDM reflects its complex historical evolution and pragmatic antenatal resource considerations given GDM is now 1 of the most common complications of pregnancy. Regardless, the contemporary clinical approach to GDM should be informed not only by its short-term complications but also by its longer term prognosis. Recent data demonstrate the effect of early in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia, with evidence for fetal overgrowth present prior to the traditional diagnosis of GDM from 24 weeks' gestation, as well as the durable adverse impact of maternal hyperglycemia on child and adolescent metabolism. The major contribution of GDM to the global epidemic of intergenerational cardiometabolic disease highlights the importance of identifying GDM as an early risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, broadening the prevailing clinical approach to address longer term maternal and offspring complications following a diagnosis of GDM.
Impact of Systemic Inflammation on the Progression of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; With increasing rates of obesity and new diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the overall prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Women with GDM have an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy as well as long-term risks including higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. In recent years, the role of immune activation and inflammation in the pathogenesis of GDM has gained increasing attention. This monograph explores the current state of the literature as regards the expression of markers of inflammation in the maternal circulation, placenta, and adipose tissue of women with GDM.
The fetal and maternal consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that presents during pregnancy and usually disappears shortly after a woman gives birth. Better recognition of the risk factors of GDM, combined with more universal screening for the disease in many countries, has led to the increased detection of GDM along with other forms of pregestational diabetes. There is growing evidence that GDM significantly increases the risk of a number of short- and long-term adverse consequences for the fetus and mother, the most significant of which is a predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes. Maternal and childhood obesity as well as cardiovascular disease are also potential long-term consequences of GDM. On the other hand, there is a growing body of evidence suggesting that the risk of many of these consequences can be significantly reduced or eliminated by aggressive treatment of GDM. There remains, however, a great deal of controversy over when to begin screening for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and at what level of hyperglycemia should aggressive intervention be initiated.
Women's cardiovascular risk before and after menopause: A red alert for heart attack!; Cardiovascular disease is now the leading cause of death in women, 16 times more frequent than breast cancer, and with more and more young women at risk. Young women are exposed to serial loss of chance, related to sex, with specific female hormonal cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF): contraception, pregnancy and menopause; and to gender: atypic symptoms, underestimation, poor risk-factor control, undertreatment and lack of follow-up, and specific atheromatous disease. Prevalence and impact of risk factors differ between males and females. At a given age, women show more CVRFs than men. This is due to negative lifestyle changes, with increasing smoking, stress, obesity and sedentary lifestyles. Some CVRFs such as hypertension, smoking, stress and diabetes have more severe arterial impact in women than men. Psychosocial factors are emerging risk factors, especially in younger women. Specific hormonal risk is linked to contraception, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, age at menarche, hysterectomy and menopause. Moreover, classic CV risk scores are not adapted to women. An aggressive approach to CVRF management is essential for primary prevention of CV disease, using specific guidelines. Health professionals should conduct earlier personalized screening for women at risk and should encourage appropriate lifestyle changes. The gyneco-cardiology healthcare pathway is a real opportunity to improve cardiovascular prevention in women.
Risk factors related to venous thromboembolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this paper was to make a preliminary analysis of the risk factors related to venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnant women by Meta-analysis. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: Three databases including PubMed, Web of Science, and The National Library of Medicine (NLM) were systematically searched from their establishment to January 1, 2023, and the obtained data were statistically analyzed using RevMan5.3 software. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: A total of 10 studies were included, involving 22 risk factors, of which 16 were included for further analysis. Meta analysis showed that cesarean section (OR=2.05, 95%CI: 1.71, 2.47, P=0.007), gestational diabetes (OR=1.17, 95%CI: 1.09, 1.27, P<0.001), eclampsia or preeclampsia (OR=1.88, 95%CI: 1.42, 2.49, P< 0.001), obesity (OR=1.19, 95%CI: 1.04, 1.86, P=0.028), twin or multiple pregnancy (OR=2.34, 95%CI: 1.46, 3.76, P<0.001), chronic heart disease (OR=3.59, 95%CI: 3.28, 3.92, P<0.001), and blood transfusion history (OR=3.20, 95%CI: 2.78, 3.68, P<0.001) were risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: Existing evidence suggests that cesarean section, gestational diabetes, eclampsia or preeclampsia, obesity (body mass index ≥30 kg/m(2)), twin or multiple pregnancy, chronic heart disease, and blood transfusion history may be risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. In clinical practice, the evaluation and management of VTE should be strengthened, and a model for clinical prediction of VTE can be established to provide a reference for the prevention of VTE.
Plasma Ceramide Concentrations in Full-Term Pregnancies Complicated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.; Ceramides, a sphingolipid group that acts as a messenger in cellular differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and senescence, have been associated with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The evidence for an association between ceramides and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce. This case-control study aimed to compare women with GDM with healthy, pregnant women in terms of plasma ceramide concentrations at the time of delivery. Ninety-two pregnant women were included in this case-control study, 29 in the GDM group and 63 in the control group. All women were admitted to a tertiary academic hospital for a full-term delivery. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) was applied for the quantification of four molecular ceramides, namely Cer d18:1/16:0 (Cer16:0), Cer d18:1/18:0 (Cer18:0), Cer d18:1/24:0 (Cer24:0) and Cer d18:1/24:1 (Cer24:1) in plasma samples. The raw chromatographic data obtained from the LC-MS/MS analysis were processed using Analyst SCIEX (AB Sciex Pte. Ltd., USA). In a univariate statistical analysis, Cer24:0 concentration was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control group (p = 0.01). The present study demonstrated lower Cer24:0 concentrations in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Further prospective studies are required to enhance the results of this study.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favor of performing follow-up programs aimed at modifying risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
[Obesity as an obstetric risk factor].; Obesity-related metabolic and functional disorders may disturb adaptation process taking place in pregnant women body. Insufficient adaptation may lead to development of several medical complications during pregnancy, labor, delivery, and puerperium. Maternal obesity is associated with increased frequencies of hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal macrosomia, congenital malformations, labor abnormalities (including prolonged second stage of labor, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, FHR abnormalities and shoulder dystocia), postdatism, and cesarean delivery. Operative complications among obese women undergoing cesarean delivery include increased blood loss, prolonged operative time, and increased rates of postoperative infection, thrombophlebitis. Treatment of these complications increases hospital stays and costs. Obese women should be carefully examined by dietetician before conception and cared for dietetically and medically during gestation.
Urinary Metabolites Altered during the Third Trimester in Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Relationship with Potential Upcoming Metabolic Disorders.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disorder in pregnancy with highest impact in the future life of both mother and newborn. Increasing incidence, economic impact, and potential for severe GDM-related pregnancy complications are some factors that have motivated the deep study of physiopathology, risk factors for developing GDM, and potential biomarkers for its diagnosis. In the present pilot study, we analyzed the urinary metabolome profile of GDM patients in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, when GDM is already established and the patients are under dietary and pharmacological control. An untargeted metabolomics method based on liquid chromatography⁻mass spectrometry analysis was developed to identify differentially expressed metabolites in the GDM group. We identified 14 metabolites that are significantly upregulated in the urine of GDM patients, and, more importantly, we identified those related with the steroid hormone biosynthesis and tryptophan (TRP) metabolism pathways, which are associated with GDM pathophysiology. Thus, these metabolites could be screened as potential prognostic biomarkers of type two diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease and chronic renal failure in future follow-up studies with GDM patients.
A holistic approach to preventing type 2 diabetes in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a feasibility study and pilot randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) exposes women to future risk of Type 2 Diabetes. Previous studies focused on diet and physical activity, less emphasis was given to tackle intertwined risk factors such as sleep and stress. Knowledge remains scarce in multi-ethnic Asian communities. This study explored the: (1) feasibility of a holistic digital intervention on improving diet, physical activity (PA), sleep and stress of Asian women with a history of GDM, and (2) preliminary efficacy of the holistic intervention on women's physical and mental well-being via a pilot randomized controlled trial. METHODS: Female volunteers with a history of GDM but without pre-existing diabetes were recruited from multi-ethnic Singaporean community. Each eligible woman was given a self-monitoring opportunity using Oura Ring that provided daily feedback on step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate. Intervention group additionally received personalized recommendations aimed to reinforce healthy behaviors holistically (diet, PA, sleep and stress). Dietary intake was evaluated by a research dietitian, while step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate were evaluated by health coaches based on Oura Ring data. Perceived physical and mental health and well-being were self-reported. Clinical outcomes included glycemic status determined by HbA(1c) and OGTT tests, body mass index, blood pressures and lipid profile. RESULTS: Of 196 women from the community, 72 women completed diabetes screening, 61 women were eligible and 56 women completed the study. The 56 completers had mean age of 35.8 ± 3.7 years, predominantly Chinese, majority had their first GDM diagnosed at least 2 years ago and had two GDM-affected pregnancies. After intervention period, more women in the Intervention group achieved at least 8,000 steps/day and had at least 6 hours of sleep per night. Noticeable reduction of added sugar in their food and beverages were observed after the dietary intervention. Changes in body weight and mental well-being were observed but group differences were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: The holistic approach appeared feasible for personalizing lifestyle recommendations to promote physical and mental well-being among women with a history of GDM. Larger studies with sufficient assessment timepoints and follow-up duration are warranted to improve the evaluation of intervention effects on clinical outcomes. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT05512871, NCT05512871.
Prediction of postpartum prediabetes by machine learning methods in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Early onset of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease are common complications for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Prediabetes refers to a condition in which blood glucose levels are higher than normal, but not yet high enough to be diagnosed as type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is no accurate way of knowing which women with gestational diabetes are likely to develop postpartum prediabetes. This study aims to predict the risk of postpartum prediabetes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Our sparse logistic regression approach selects only two variables - antenatal fasting glucose at OGTT and HbA1c soon after the diagnosis of GDM - as relevant, but gives an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.72, outperforming all other methods. We envision this to be a practical solution, which coupled with a targeted follow-up of high-risk women, could yield better cardiometabolic outcomes in women with a history of GDM.
A study protocol for the cardiac effects of a single dose of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg after caesarean delivery: a prospective randomized controlled multi-centre trial in Norway.; Background: Both oxytocin and carbetocin are used to prevent uterine atony and post-partum haemorrhage after caesarean delivery in many countries, including Norway. Oxytocin causes dose-dependent ST-depression, troponin release, prolongation of QT-time and arrythmia, but little is known about myocardial effects of carbetocin. We have previously demonstrated comparable vasodilatory effects of oxytocin and carbetocin and are now undertaking a Phase 4 trial to investigate whether carbetocin causes similar changes to myocardial markers compared with oxytocin. Methods: Our randomized controlled trial will be conducted at three obstetrics units at Oslo University Hospital and Akershus University Hospital, Norway. Planned enrolment will be of 240 healthy, singleton pregnant women aged 18 to 50 years undergoing planned caesarean delivery. Based on pilot study data, each participant will receive a one-minute intravenous injection of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg during caesarean delivery. The prespecified primary outcome is the change from baseline in high-sensitive troponin I plasma concentrations at 6-10 hours after study drug administration. Secondary outcomes include uterine tone grade at 2.5 and five minutes after study drug administration, adverse events for up to 48 hours after study drug administration, estimated blood loss within eight hours of delivery, need for rescue treatment and direct/indirect costs. Enrolment and primary analysis are expected to be completed by the end of 2021. Discussion: Women undergoing caesarean delivery should be assessed for cardiovascular risk particularly as women with an obstetric history of pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, placental abruption, and stillbirth are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Any additional ischaemic myocardial risk from uterotonic agents will need to be balanced with the benefit of reducing the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. Any potential cardiotoxicity difference between oxytocin and carbetocin will help inform treatment decisions for pregnant women. Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT03899961 (02/04/2019).
Differences in Hemodynamic, Hormonal and Heart Rate Variability Parameters in Complication-Free Pregnancies Compared to Individuals with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Preeclampsia: An Observational Retrospective Analysis.; To investigate differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters in women following complication-free pregnancies (healthy), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after giving childbirth. Data of 60 women (healthy: n = 29, age 32.7 ± 4.5 years, BMI 24.2 ± 4.3 kg/m(2); preeclampsia: n = 16, age 35.3 ± 4.4 years, 28.5 ± 6.4 kg/m(2); GDM, n = 15, age 32.3 ± 6.0 years, BMI 26.4 ± 6.2 kg/m(2)) were included. Two visits were conducted 16 and 48 weeks after giving childbirth. Hair samples were taken for analysis of cortisol and testosterone. ECG and blood pressure were recorded at each visit. Data were analyzed via RM-ANOVA and post-hoc testing (p ≤ 0.05). Heart rate increased from visit 1 to visit 2, whereas SDNN decreased (both p = 0.03). RMSSD showed an increased trend for groups (p = 0.06). Testosterone in the GDM group was significantly higher compared to the other groups (p = 0.002). Cortisol levels were significantly higher following post-hoc testing GDM was different compared to healthy individuals (p = 0.02). Hemodynamic changes from week 16 to week 48 did not differ between groups (p > 0.05). No differences between individuals with preeclampsia and healthy individuals were found for all hemodynamic parameters (p > 0.05). The study showed higher levels of chronic stress indicators in GDM measured via heart rate variability and cortisol compared to women with a history of preeclampsia and healthy women.
The anesthetic approach to operative delivery of the extremely obese parturient.; Extreme obesity (BMI ≥ 40) is thought to complicate approximately 5% of deliveries in the United States. Extreme obesity puts a pregnant woman at an increased risk for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, coronary artery disease, and congestive heart failure; respiratory disease, including obstructive sleep apnea and asthma; as well as pregnancy-specific diseases including pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Extreme obesity also puts a parturient at a significantly increased risk of requiring cesarean delivery. For the anesthesiologist, the physiologic changes of obesity combined with the normal physiologic changes of pregnancy can make for a complex and challenging case. This review will focus on the anesthetic approach to the extremely obese parturient undergoing scheduled operative delivery. With proper planning and a detailed understanding of the patient's comorbidities, a safe and effective anesthetic can be achieved.
Beneficial effects of dietary omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Various mechanisms through which maternal diet influences offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. We speculate that prenatal omega 3 fatty acids will improve the levels of brain neurotrophins and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), an angiogenic factor leading to improved cognitive performance in the offspring. GDM was induced in Wistar rats using streptozotocin. They were assigned to either control, GDM or GDM+O (GDM + omega-3 fatty acid supplementation). The offspring were followed till 3 mo of age and cognitive assessment was undertaken. Data analysis was carried out using one-way ANOVA followed by LSD test. GDM induction increased (p < 0.01) dam glucose levels and lowered brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels (p = 0.056) in the offspring at birth. At 3 months, GDM group showed significantly lower levels of neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor-2 (NTRK-2) and VEGF, lower mRNA levels of NTRK-2 and cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB) (P < 0.05 for all) as compared to control. The GDM offspring had a higher escape latency (p < 0.01), made lesser % correct choices and more errors (p < 0.05 for both). Prenatal supplementation with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was beneficial since it ameliorated some of the adverse effects of GDM.
Analysis of Evolution and Ethnic Diversity at Glucose-Associated SNPs of Circadian Clock-Related Loci with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and Melatonin receptor 1B.; Diabetes shows high heritability and, worldwide, causes significant health problems including cardiovascular disease and stroke. There is significant variation in the frequency of diabetes between different populations. Both Cryptochromes and Melatonin have a major role to regulate the circadian clock. Circadian clock failure causes metabolic dysfunctions including diabetes and obesity. Variations in the Cryptochrome 1, the Cryptochrome 2, and the Melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) genes show associations with fasting glucose, and are also related to circadian clock. Here, we analyzed evidence for genetic selection and ethnic diversity at circadian clock- and glucose-related gene loci associated with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We carried out a 3-step genetic method to investigate genetic selection at the Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B on four populations from the 1000 Genomes Project and HapMap. First we used F-statistics to quantify genetic population differences and find ethnic diversity. Then we applied a long-range haplotype test to detect significant extreme long haplotypes, and then the integrated haplotype score (iHS) to find genetic selection at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We observed genetic population differences and ethnic diversity at one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 1 single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs8192440), one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 2 SNP (rs11605924), and one glucose-associated MTNR1B SNP (rs10830963) by F-statistics. Both Cryptochrome 1 and MTNR1B also showed selection by the iHS. These observations show new evidence for evolution at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2 and MTNR1B. Further investigation should continue to examine the evolution of circadian clock- and glucose-related genes.
The link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: potential role of extracellular vesicles.; Extracellular vesicles are critical mediators of cell communication. They encapsulate a variety of molecular cargo such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids including miRNAs, lncRNAs, circular RNAs, and mRNAs, and through transfer of these molecular signals can alter the metabolic phenotype in recipient cells. Emerging studies show the important role of extracellular vesicle signaling in the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases and associated risk factors such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that develops during pregnancy and increases the future risk of developing obesity, impaired glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular disease in both the mother and infant. Available evidence shows that changes in maternal metabolism and exposure to the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment can reprogram the fetal genome, leaving metabolic imprints that define life-long health and disease susceptibility. Understanding the factors that contribute to the increased susceptibility to metabolic disorders of children born to GDM mothers is critical for implementation of preventive strategies in GDM. In this review, we discuss the current literature on the fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases in GDM and the impact of extracellular vesicle (EV) signaling in epigenetic programming in cardiovascular disease, to determine the potential link between EV signaling in GDM and the development of cardiovascular disease in infants.
Cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus.; Inflammation is an important component of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) which could be the link between the metabolic and the cardiovascular consequences of this condition. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for MetS and an inflammation component has been described in this disease. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between cytokine concentrations, components of MetS and cardiovascular risk markers in women with late-onset GDM. Women (n=63) with late-onset GDM and 63 controls were enrolled. Clinical variables, and obstetrics and perinatal outcomes were recorded. Relationships between cytokines (TNF-α, leptin, IL6, adiponectin) and endothelial injury markers (VCAM, ICAM and selectine) were analyzed. Control vs. patient data indicated: pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) 23.46±3.73 vs. 26.97±5.07kg/m(2) (p=0.001); TNF-α 2.2±0.8 vs. 3.1±1.5pg/mL (p=0.002); leptin 18714.78±8859.08 vs. 27365.79±16209.67pg/mL (p=0.001); adiponectin 162.42±34.19 vs. 141.54±41.33ng/mL (p=0.04). Multivariate analyses showed that adiponectin had a protective effect (OR=0.9; p=0.02) and BMI carried a significant risk (OR=8.4; p=0.01) for GDM. No differences were found in endothelial injury markers. In conclusion, the cytokine profile in women with late-onset GDM is characterized by high concentrations of TNF-α and leptin and low adiponectin. This profile is related, in large extent, to an increased pregravid BMI which, potentially, may be linked to the future development of both metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
Platelets and endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased in recent years, along with the higher prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age. GDM is a pathology associated with vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit. GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction alters the transfer of nutrients to the foetus affecting newborns and pregnant women. Various mechanisms for this vascular dysfunction have been proposed, of which the most studied are metabolic alterations of the vascular endothelium. However, different cell types are involved in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction, including platelets. Platelets are small, enucleated cell fragments that actively take part in blood haemostasis and thrombus formation. Thus, they play crucial roles in pathologies coursing with endothelial dysfunction, such as atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. Nevertheless, platelet function in GDM is understudied. Several reports show a potential relationship between platelet volume and mass with GDM; however, platelet roles and signaling mechanisms in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction are unclear. This review summarizes the reported findings and proposes a link among altered amount, volume, mass, reactivity, and function of platelets and placenta development, resulting in fetoplacental vascular dysfunction in GDM.
A Comparative Study of Eating Habits and Food Intake in Women with Gestational Diabetes according to Early Postpartum Glucose Tolerance Status.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD); continuous life-style intervention, especially diet, is central to managing T2DM and CVD. However, little is known about the dietary patterns of women with GDM after delivery. The goal of this study was to compare the eating habits and food intakes of women diagnosed with GDM during the early postpartum period. METHODS: We performed a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 184 women with GDM between 6 and 12 weeks after delivery. Based on the results of the OGTT, the subjects were divided into three groups according to the American Diabetes Association criteria; normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n=100), pre-diabetes (n=73), and diabetes mellitus (DM) (n=11). Eating habits and usual food intake after delivery were investigated using a questionnaire, based on 24 hour-recall, which was administered by a trained dietitian. The daily intake data were analyzed using CAN Pro 3.0. Blood tests were performed pre- and post-delivery. RESULTS: Eating habits were not significantly different among the three groups. However, animal fat consumption was significantly different among the three groups. The intake ratio of fat calories to total calories was also significantly higher in the pre-diabetes and DM groups. CONCLUSION: Although diet in the period 6 to 12 weeks postpartum did not influence glucose level, it may be important to educate women with GDM about the risks of excessive animal fat intake during pregnancy and the postpartum period in order to prevent later onset of T2DM.
Diabetes-related complications of pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus is a major medical complication of pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Although recent advances have improved outcomes dramatically, the increased incidence of congenital malformations remains a significant problem. In the past, it was believed that pregnancy worsened microvascular complications, and women with vasculopathy were counseled to avoid or terminate pregnancies. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels and current management strategies can lead to improved outcomes even in women with vasculopathy. Today, with the exception of coronary artery disease, women with diabetes may be counseled toward a more favorable outcome. This article discusses preconception planning and contemporary treatment methods.
Guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a review of international recommendations.; OBJECTIVE: Τo summarize and present the main guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Relevant guidelines were retrieved through the electronic databases PubMed (MEDLINE), CENTRAL (Cochrane), and Embase; reference sections of the retrieved publications; proceedings of the main congresses in the field; and websites of relevant organizations published during the years 2000-2018. RESULTS: All guidelines recommend aerobic training from 60 to 150 min/week, with an upper limit of 30 min/day. Exercise is safe, even on a daily basis. Resistance exercise is suggested by five national guidelines (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, and the UK). Discrepancies exist regarding the recommended intensity of exercise. Canada, Japan, Spain, and the UK use both objective (heart rate and maximum oxygen consumption) and subjective criteria (Borg's Scale and talk test) to determine the effectiveness and safety of exercise. Only Canada provides specific recommendations, according to the woman's age and level of physical condition. Women with GDM on no insulin treatment do not need to take extra precautions during exercise. However, due to their condition of hyperglycemia, they must comply with the recommendation issued for type 2 diabetes. The prescription and supervision of exercise should be carried out in a similar way as for uncomplicated pregnancies. Finally, women with GDM on insulin treatment need to follow the same recommendations as for those for pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. CONCLUSION: Health professionals must be informed about the correct planning and execution of physical exercise programs so as to safely achieve the maximum effectiveness of exercise-induced health-related benefits in pregnant women.
Acute responses to structured aerobic and resistance exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Research on the acute responses to exercise in pregnancy is scarce, especially for women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate responses to a single bout of exercise performed multiple times throughout the pregnancy in women diagnosed with GDM. Data from 18 pregnant women (aged: 32.8 ± 3.8) diagnosed with GDM, treated with diet only, were analyzed. Participants' pre-pregnancy body mass index was 24.4 ± 4.9 kg/m(2) , 50% of them were nulliparous, and 50% of the sample regularly exercised before the pregnancy. The exercise intervention consisted of an individual structured aerobic and resistance exercise program performed twice per week from the time of diagnosis until at least the 36th week of pregnancy. The exercise program included 20 minutes of aerobic exercise, 20-25 minutes of resistance exercise, and 10 minutes of cool down. Maternal heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, temperature and fetal heart rate were measured at every exercise session, along with blood glucose on 3 occasions. In total, 365 exercise sessions were analyzed (85 in the second trimester and 280 in the third trimester), on average 20.3 ± 7.7 per participant. Heart rate and fetal heart rate were elevated during both the aerobic and resistance parts of the exercise session (P < .01) in comparison with the baseline while systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not change in the total sample. There was a slight elevation in tympanic membrane temperature during the aerobic part of the session (P < .01). All parameters returned to baseline levels by the end of the session. Glucose levels dropped from the baseline, from 4.7 ± 0.6 to 3.9 ± 0.4 mmol/L (P < .01). There were no differences in responses to exercise between the second and third trimesters, nor between pre-pregnancy exercisers and non-exercisers. The combination of aerobic and resistance exercise for women diagnosed with GDM does not have harmful short-term effects if performed according to guidelines. Likewise, exercise can be considered useful for controlling hyperglycemia in pregnancy for women affected by GDM.
Maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and diet in association with neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children.; BACKGROUND: Maternal metabolic disturbances and diet may influence long-term infantile neurodevelopment. We investigated whether maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), obesity, and diet could affect the neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children. METHODS: Neurodevelopment of children (n = 243) born to mothers with overweight or obesity was assessed with the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development-Third Edition, and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. Maternal adiposity was determined by air displacement plethysmography, and GDM with an oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary assessment included diet quality and fish consumption questionnaires, and three-day food diaries, from which dietary inflammatory index (DII(®)) scores were computed. RESULTS: GDM was associated with weaker expressive language skills (adj.β = -1.12, 95% CI = -2.10;-0.15), and higher maternal adiposity with weaker cognitive, language, and motor skills in children (adj.p < 0.05). Maternal good dietary quality (adj.β = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.004;1.73) and higher fish consumption (adj.p = 0.02) were related to better expressive language skills. DII scores were not associated with children's neurodevelopment. CONCLUSIONS: Findings suggest that GDM and higher maternal adiposity may lead to weaker neurodevelopmental skills, although still within the mean normative range in this population of children. Good dietary quality and higher fish consumption during pregnancy could benefit a child's language development. IMPACT: Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal higher adiposity may have unfavorable effects on a 2-year-old child's neurodevelopment. An overall good quality of diet and higher fish consumption during pregnancy may result in more favorable cognitive and language skills when the child is 2-year-old. Our findings reveal that women with overweight or obesity, a risk group for pregnancy complications, could benefit from dietary counseling to support their children's neurodevelopment.
QT dispersion and electrocardiographic changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents additional risks to both mother and infant. Moreover it increases a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease in the postpartum. The aim of our study was therefore to detect changes of both the QT dispersion and the electrical heart field that could be typical for GDM. Body surface potential maps were obtained using the Cardiac 112.2 device from 26 young women with GDM and 54 young healthy pregnant women in the 36th week of pregnancy. The same recordings were obtained from 18 healthy women in the same age (19-36 years). The average QT dispersion (±SD) in women suffering from GDM was significantly higher (107 ± 25 ms) both than in those with physiological pregnancy (73 ± 18 ms) and than in the normal subjects (34 ± 12 ms) (P<0.001). Moreover we have found in GDM patients shorter QRS complex 82.0 ± 6.8 ms vs. 89.5 ± 8.2 ms in healthy pregnant women and 90.8 ± 7.9 ms in the control group (p=0.011), more horizontal electrical heart axis [16.4 ± 20.1° vs. 42.4 ± 28.7° and 74.6 ± 39.2° respectively (P<0.05)] and lower some depolarization and repolarization amplitudes on isopotential and isointegral maps. According to these results we suppose that described electrocardiographic changes reflect a deterioration of the complete process of ventricular depolarization and repolarization in GDM.
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A novel therapeutic perspective.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that harms both the reproductive as well as metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, PCOS-afflicted women who are fortunate enough to become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, etc. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it's an undeniable scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective, hence inconclusive evidence exists as to whether PCOS per se is a risk factor for GDM or any other factor associated. Henceforth, we intend to get a better therapeutic perspective of the maternal health complications associated with PCOS and GDM.
Decreased flow-mediated dilation in gestational diabetes in pregnancy and post-partum. A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical complication during pregnancy. Endothelial dysfunction is considered an early step in the progression of atherosclerosis that may contribute to subclinical target organ damage. This meta-analysis aimed to systemically review the existing data regarding endothelial dysfunction between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and post-partum using flow-mediated dilation (FMD). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eligible studies (cohort and observational) published until October 2021 were identified in the MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane Library database and grey literature sources were searched. RESULTS: The search yielded 2272 studies, of which 17 were fully reviewed and 12 studies (N = 740 pregnant women) were finally included. Pregnant women with GDM exhibited a significantly lower FMD compared to pregnant women without GDM (pooled mean difference -3.12; 95% CI -5.36 to -0.88). Moreover, in the immediate (1-6 months) post-partum period, women with previous GDM showed lower FMD compared to healthy women without GDM history (pooled mean difference -7.52; 95% CI -9.44 to -5.59), whereas FMD did not differ in the late post-partum period (more than 4 years). CONCLUSIONS: Flow-mediated dilation is decreased in women with GDM during pregnancy and in the immediate post-partum period, compared to women without GDM, indicating that the endothelial dysfunction noted during the pregnancy in those women persists in the immediate post-partum period too. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42021283113 (www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov).
A review of maternal overweight and obesity and its impact on cardiometabolic outcomes during pregnancy and postpartum.; The rates of maternal overweight and obesity, but also excess gestational weight gain, are increasing. Pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and delivery of a preterm or growth restricted baby, are higher for both women with overweight and obesity and women who gain excess weight during their pregnancy. Other conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome are also strongly linked to overweight and obesity and worsened pregnancy complications. All of these conditions place women at increased risk for future cardiometabolic diseases. If overweight and obesity, but also excess gestational weight gain, can be reduced in women of reproductive age, then multiple comorbidities associated with pregnancy complications may also be reduced in the years after childbirth. This narrative review highlights the association between maternal overweight and obesity and gestational weight gain, with gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome and delivery of a preterm or growth restricted baby. This review also addresses how these adverse conditions are linked to cardiometabolic diseases after birth. We report that while the independent associations between obesity and gestational weight gain are evident across many of the adverse conditions assessed, whether body mass index or gestational weight gain is a stronger driving factor for many of these is currently unclear. Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, preterm delivery and polycystic ovary syndrome to heightened risk for cardiometabolic diseases are multifactorial but relate to cardiovascular and inflammatory pathways that are also found in overweight and obesity. The need for post-partum cardiovascular risk assessment and follow-up care remains overlooked. Such early detection and intervention for women with pregnancy-related complications will significantly attenuate risk for cardiovascular disease.
Long term (>1 year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among Indian women with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) diagnosed by IADPSG criteria.; AIM: To determine prevalence of long term dysglycemia and its risk factors among women with history of GDM diagnosed using IADPSG criteria at a tertiary care hospital in North India. METHODS: Women with GDM diagnosed between 2012 and 2016 were invited. Socio-demographic, anthropometric, medical data were collected and 75 gm OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA1c and fasting lipid profile were done at the hospital visit. RESULTS: Women (N = 267) were tested at 32.5 (±4.6) years of age and at a median (q(25-)q(75)) of 20 (12-44) months following the index delivery. Dysglycemia was found in 57.7% by ADA criteria [Diabetes in 10.5% and prediabetes in 47.2%]. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease were significantly more prevalent among these women. On multivariable analysis, HOMA-IR correlated positively, while insulinogenic index correlated negatively with postpartum dysglycemia. CONCLUSION: This is possibly the first long term (>1 year) glucose tolerance outcome study in South Asian women with history of GDM diagnosed by IADPSG criteria, which demonstrates significantly elevated risk of postpartum dysglycemia. While the IADPSG criteria identify women with a lower future conversion to diabetes compared with previous criteria, prediabetes conversion remains high, thereby offering an opportunity to intervene early and prevent progression to future diabetes.
Prevalence of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in India: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) contributes to a large proportion of liver disease burden in the world. Several groups have studied the prevalence of NAFLD in the Indian population. AIM: A systematic review of the published literature and meta-analysis was carried out to estimate the prevalence of NAFLD in the Indian population. METHODS: English language literature published until April 2021 was searched from electronic databases. Original data published in any form which had reported NAFLD prevalence in the Indian population were included. The subgroup analysis of prevalence was done based on the age (adults or children) and risk category, i.e., average-risk group (community population, participants of control arm, unselected participants, hypothyroidic individuals, athletes, aviation crew, and army personnel) and high-risk group (obesity or overweight, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, etc.). The prevalence estimates were pooled using the random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed with I(2). RESULTS: Sixty-two datasets (children 8 and adults 54) from 50 studies were included. The pooled prevalence of NAFLD was estimated from 2903 children and 23,581 adult participants. Among adults, the estimated pooled prevalence was 38.6% (95% CI 32-45.5). The NAFLD prevalence in average-risk and high-risk subgroups was estimated to be 28.1% (95% CI 20.8-36) and 52.8% (95% CI 46.5-59.1), respectively. The estimated NAFLD prevalence was higher in hospital-based data (40.8% [95% CI 32.6-49.3%]) than community-based data (28.2% [95% CI 16.9-41%]). Among children, the estimated pooled prevalence was 35.4% (95% CI 18.2-54.7). The prevalence among non-obese and obese children was 12.4 (95% CI 4.4-23.5) and 63.4 (95% CI 59.4-67.3), respectively. CONCLUSION: Available data suggest that approximately one in three adults or children have NAFLD in India.
Oxidized LDL, insulin resistance and central blood pressure after gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an indicator of future cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether sensitive biomarkers of increased cardiovascular risk differ between women with and without a history of GDM few years after pregnancy, and whether obesity affects the results. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We studied two cohorts - 120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls, on average 3.7 years after delivery. Circulating concentrations of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) were determined by ELISA. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was used to estimate insulin resistance. Central blood pressure (cBP) was measured noninvasively from a radial artery pulse wave. The primary outcomes were possible differences in oxLDL, HOMA-IR or cBP between the groups. Secondly, we investigated the influence of obesity on the results, also using adjusted multiple linear regression analyses. RESULTS: OxLDL concentrations or cBP did not differ between the two cohorts, but HOMA-IR was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than in controls, 1.3 ± 0.9 (SD) and 1.1 ± 0.9, respectively (p = 0.022). In subgroup analyses, HOMA-IR (p < 0.001), systolic (p < 0.001) and diastolic (p < 0.001) cBP were significantly higher in obese subgroups compared with non-obese ones. Body mass index was an important determinant of HOMA-IR and cBP in multiple linear regression analyses. CONCLUSIONS: Over 3 years after delivery, women with GDM were still more insulin-resistant than controls. Obesity turned out to be a more important determinant of insulin resistance and cBP compared with GDM.
Predictors of postnatal complications and congenital cardiac diseases in infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes.; AIM: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the postnatal problems of infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes and the clinical properties of infants who were found to have congenital cardiac disease. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We retrospectively examined the records of 337 newborns who were followed up with a diagnosis of infant of diabetic mother between January 2010 and January 2012 in our Neonatology Unit. The demographic data of the diabetic mothers and their babies, the postnatal problems of the babies of diabetic mothers and congenital heart diseases found on transthoracic echocardiography were examined. RESULTS: The patients were classified as group A, B and C in accordance with the recommendations of The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) according to the type of diabetes. The most common postnatal problems included hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia and hypocalcemia. The rate of congenital heart disease was found be 17.3% in group A, 50% in group B and 9% in group C. No correlation was found between congenital heart disease and gender, multiple pregnancy, diabetes type, diet treatment, use of oral antidiabetic drugs and drug usage. A positive significant correlation was found between congenital heart disease and genetic disease, murmur, cyanosis and presence of gestational hypertension. It was shown that use of insulin, genetic disease and presence of gestational diabetes increased the risk of congenital heart disease. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, the overall incidence of congenital heart disease was found to be 24% in infants of diabetic mothers. It should be kept in mind that it is important to investigate the infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes in terms of the risk of congenital heart disease.
Long-term outcomes in mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring.; Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The magnitude of risk for cardiovascular disease after GDM is less well established. Recently, intervention trials using lifestyle modification or medications used to treat type 2 DM have successfully prevented/delayed development of DM in women after GDM. Offspring of mothers with GDM are at risk for development of obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism during childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Factors responsible for these risks are not fully understood. Having fetal hyperinsulinism is a risk factor for development of both obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism, and might be implicated in pathophysiology. It remains to be established whether the long-term effects of exposure to diabetes mellitus during intrauterine development can be prevented.
New approaches in the diagnosis and prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy metabolic disorder in which a person with no history of hyperglycemia exhibits any degree of impaired glucose tolerance during gestation. GDM can be resolved on its own after birth, but mothers with GDM are more at risk for future problems, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. In addition, GDM can cause macrosomia in infants and obesity or even the risk of diabetes in childhood. Standard diagnostic tests for GDM are the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glucose challenge test (GCT), which is a mandatory test at 28-28 weeks of pregnancy in most countries. Disorders in various molecular mechanisms, such as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), and nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-κB) signaling pathways are involved in GDM. Therefore, a better understanding of these mechanisms can help find new therapeutic and diagnostic strategies accordingly. In this review, we first deal with molecular mechanisms involved in GDM occurrence and then summarized the studies that hired this knowledge for early diagnosis and prognosis of GDM. Finally, we present the latest achievements in the diagnosis of GDM based on exosomes, microRNAs, glycosylated hemoglobin, and inflammatory factors detection in maternal circulation.
Thirty years of fruitful collaborations between a physician and mass spectrometrists in diabetes field.; The nonenzymatic protein glycation and the subsequent formation of advanced glycation end products is a process involved in the long-term complications of diabetes. In this context the collaboration, in the last 30 years, between my research group, operating in the DPT of Medicine of Padua University, and the mass spectrometric group, operating in CNR of Padua, are described and discussed. The development of new mass spectrometric techniques has allowed investigation more indepth, starting from the applications on small molecules responsible for the browning observed in the interactions between sugars and proteins, and growing up to intact proteins as albumin, immunoglobulin, hemoglobin, and so forth, with the determination of their glycation levels as well as their glycation sites. This study has helped to clarify the role of advanced glycation end products in the pathogenesis of the chronic complications of diabetes. In particular the results obtained in diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease and in placenta samples of patients affected by gestational diabetes are described in this review.
Recommendations for management of diabetes during Ramadan: update 2020, applying the principles of the ADA/EASD consensus.; Fasting the Holy month of Ramadan constitutes one of the five pillars of the Muslim faith. Although there is some evidence that intermittent fasting during Ramadan may be of benefit in losing weight and cardiometabolic risk factors, there is no strong evidence these benefits apply to people with diabetes. The American Diabetes Association/European Association for the Study of Diabetes consensus recommendations emphasize the importance of patient factors and comorbidities when choosing diabetes medications including the presence of comorbidities, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, hypoglycemia risk, weight issues and costs. Structured education and pre-Ramadan counseing are key components to successful management of patients with diabetes. These should cover important aspects like glycemic targets, self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet, physical activity including Taraweeh prayers, medication and dose adjustment, side effects and when to break the fast. The decision cycle adapted for the specific situation of Ramadan provides an aid for such an assessment. Children with type 1 diabetes should strongly be advised not to fast due to the high risk of acute complications such as hypoglycemia and probably diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), although there is very little evidence that DKA is increased in Ramadan. Pregnant women with diabetes or gestational diabetes should be advised to avoid fasting because of possible negative maternal and fetal outcomes. Hypoglycemia is a common concern during Ramadan fasting. To prevent hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic events, we recommend the adoption of diabetes self-management education and support principles. The use of the emerging technology and continuous glucose monitoring during Ramadan could help to recognize hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic complications related to omission and/or medication adjustment during fasting; however, the cost represents a significant barrier.
Aortic Intima-Media Thickness is Increased in Neonates of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Role of Thioredoxin-Interacting Protein as a Marker of Oxidative Stress.; BACKGROUND: Offspring exposed in foetal life to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for future metabolic diseases. OBJECTIVE: To explore the prognostic role of abdominal aorta intima-media thickness (aIMT) in neonates exposed to GDM as a possible biomarker for later atherogenesis and its possible correlation with thioredoxin- interacting protein (TXNIP), a protein involved in oxidative stress. METHODS: In this prospective, observational study, mother-infant pairs were studied in 2 groups (57 patients with GDM and 51 controls without GDM). TXNIP levels were measured in the placenta, as well as in the umbilical and neonatal blood. The data were correlated with aIMT in neonates. RESULTS: aIMT was increased in GDM offspring (patients: median [range]=0.39 mm [0.31-0.46] vs controls: median=0.28 mm [0.23-0.33]; p=0.001) and remained significant after adjusting for possible confounders (e.g., triglycerides, blood pressure, vitamin D, birth weight and gender; β coefficient=0.131 p=0.049). TXNIP levels were increased in trophoblasts (p=0.001) and syncytiotrophoblasts (p=0.001) and were decreased in endothelial cells (p=0.022) in GDM offspring vs controls. Moreover, TXNIP levels in trophoblasts positively correlated with aIMT (r=0.369; p=0.001). TXNIP levels in umbilical/ neonatal blood were not associated with GDM. CONCLUSION: Increased aIMT was demonstrated in the offspring of mothers with GDM. Non-invasive measurement of aIMT could be used as a biomarker to identify children at increased risk for atherogenesis later in life. This information may encourage early preventive measures. TXNIP may be associated with GDM and/or aIMT.
Early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors during pregnancy in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to analyze the incidence of early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This was a retrospective study. Five hundred eighty-nine women diagnosed with GDM were enrolled and followed up at 6-12 weeks after delivery. A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and lipid levels were performed during mid-trimester and the early postpartum period. Participants were divided into the normal lipid group and dyslipidemia group according to postpartum lipid levels. Demographic and metabolic parameters were analyzed. Multiple logistic regression was performed to analyze the potential predictors for early postpartum dyslipidemia. A receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was calculated to determine the cut-off values. RESULTS: A total of 38.5% of the 589 women developed dyslipidemia in early postpartum and 60% of them had normal glucose metabolism. Delivery age, systolic blood pressure (SBP), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were independent predictors of early postpartum dyslipidemia in women with a history of GDM. The cut-offs of maternal age, SBP, HbA1c values, and LDL-C levels were 35 years, 123 mmHg, 5.1%, and 3.56 mmol/L, respectively. LDL-C achieved a balanced mix of high sensitivity (63.9%) and specificity (69.2%), with the highest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) (0.696). When LDL-C was combined with age, SBP, and HbA1c, the AUC reached to 0.733. CONCLUSIONS: A lipid metabolism evaluation should be recommended in women with a history of GDM after delivery, particularly those with a maternal age > 35 years, SBP > 123 mmHg before labor, HbA1c value > 5.1%, or LDL-C levels > 3.56 mmol/L in the second trimester of pregnancy.
Prevalence of a History of Metabolic or Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorder in Patients With Myocardial Infarction and Non-obstructive Coronary Arteries: An Observational Cohort Study.; INTRODUCTION: Myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) predominantly affects younger females. Women with a history of gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are subjected to an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease. However, data on the potential association between these obstetric complications and MINOCA is lacking. Therefore, the current study aimed to provide insight in the prevalence of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders (MHPD) in MINOCA patients and their clinical characteristics. METHODS: In this observational cohort study conducted at the Zuyderland Medical Center and Maastricht University Medical Center in the Netherlands, patients were enrolled if they were identified as having MINOCA. Data on individual patient characteristics, laboratory results, electrocardiography as well as (non-)invasive imaging procedures were derived from the electronic health record system. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire about prior MHPD including GDM, GH, and PE. Patients were grouped into those with MHPD and those with prior uncomplicated normotensive pregnancy (or pregnancies; NP). RESULTS: After excluding patients without 1-year follow-up (n = 53), 86 female MINOCA patients remained eligible for analysis. Of the total female population, 25 (29.1%) patients had MHPD, including GH (n = 19; 22.1%), PE (n = 4; 4.7%), and GDM (n = 7; 8.1%). The MHPD patients showed higher rates of chronic hypertension (84.0 vs. 55.7%; p = 0.013), hypercholesterolemia (64.0 vs. 34.4%; p = 0.012), a family history of CVD (84.0 vs. 45.9%; p = 0.001), gout or rheumatic arthritis (16.0 vs. 1.6%; p = 0.024), and were more often non-smokers (45.8 vs. 78.3%; p = 0.004), compared to the NP patients. Moreover, MHPD patients were more likely to use cardiovascular medications at baseline. A trend toward no specific cause found for the MINOCA event was observed in MHPD patients compared to the NP group (64.0 vs. 42.6%, p = 0.072). CONCLUSION: A history of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders occurred in one-third of female MINOCA patients. In these patients, conventional cardiovascular risk factors were more prevalent compared to NP patients. In most MHPD patients, the specific cause for MINOCA remained unclear.
Cardiac function in fetuses of poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies--a pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiac impairment is frequently found in babies of diabetic mothers. It is still controversial whether this is due to poor glucose control. The aim of this study is to compare the cardiac function in fetuses of well- and poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy in third trimester. METHODS: Women with type 1 pre-gestational diabetes were enrolled at 30-32 weeks. Cardiac size and interventricular septal wall thickness were measured by M-mode at end-diastolic phase. The right and left ventricular ejection fractions were calculated. At the mitral and tricuspid valves inflow, the ratio between early ventricular filling and active atrial filling (E/A) at both atrioventricular valves were measured by Doppler echocardiography. Peak velocities of ascending aorta and pulmonary artery were assessed. The angle of isonation was kept at <20 degrees. Women with poorly-controlled diabetes (HbA1c>6.5%) were compared with those with satisfactorily controlled diabetes (HbA1c < or = 6.5%). RESULTS: A total of 21 women with pre-gestational diabetes were recruited for this study. Eight women with well-controlled diabetes were compared with 9 women who had poorly-controlled diabetes. HbA1c in the poorly-controlled group was 7.3% and in the well-controlled group it was 5.4% (p<0.001). There was no difference between the two groups in cardiac size, interventricular septal wall thickness, ejection fraction, aorta and pulmonary artery peak flow velocities. The right atrioventricular E/A ratio was significantly lower among the poorly-controlled diabetic pregnancies (0.71 vs. 0.54; p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Fetuses of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers had a lower right atrioventricular E/A ratio. This may be due to metabolic acidosis, non-hypertrophic cardiac dysfunction or fetal polycythemia.
Increased Risk of Pregnancy Complications After Stroke: The FUTURE Study (Follow-Up of Transient Ischemic Attack and Stroke Patients and Unelucidated Risk Factor Evaluation).; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The study goal was to investigate the prevalence of pregnancy complications and pregnancy loss in women before, during, and after young ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack. METHODS: In the FUTURE study (Follow-Up of Transient Ischemic Attack and Stroke Patients and Unelucidated Risk Factor Evaluation), a prospective young stroke study, we assessed the occurrence of pregnancy, miscarriages, and pregnancy complications in 223 women aged 18 to 50 years with a first-ever ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack. Pregnancy complications (gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome) were assessed before, during, and after stroke using standardized questionnaires. Primary outcome was occurrence of pregnancy complications and the rate of pregnancy loss compared with the Dutch population. Secondary outcome was the risk of recurrent vascular events after stroke, stratified by a history of hypertensive disorder in pregnancy. RESULTS: Data were available for 213 patients. Mean age at event was 39.6 years (SD=7.8) and mean follow-up 9.5 years (SD=8.5). Miscarriages occurred in 35.2% and fetal death in 6.2% versus 13.5% and 0.9% in the Dutch population, respectively (P<0.05). In nulliparous women after stroke (n=22), in comparison with Dutch population, there was a high prevalence of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (33.3 versus 12.2%; P<0.05), hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome (9.5 versus 0.5%; P<0.05), and early preterm delivery <32 weeks (9.0 versus 1.4%; P<0.05). In primi/multiparous women (n=141) after stroke, 29 events occurred (20-year cumulative risk 35.2%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3-49.0), none during subsequent pregnancies, and a history of a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy did not modify this risk (log-rank P=0.62). CONCLUSIONS: When compared with the general population, women with young stroke show higher rates of pregnancy loss throughout their lives. Also, after stroke, nulliparous women more frequently experienced serious pregnancy complications.
The Value of Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio and Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio for Detecting Early-onset Neonatal Sepsis.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between neonate early-onset sepsis (EOS) and the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and the platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) of term neonates. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective observational study was conducted with term neonates diagnosed with EOS compared with 44 healthy controls. Exclusion criteria were prematurity, postmaturity, small or large for gestational age according to week of pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. RESULTS: A total of 122 term neonates were included in the study. Of these, 78 were diagnosed with EOS and 44 were healthy controls. Tachycardia and apnea with bradycardia were the most common clinical signs of the onset of EOS in neonates in the EOS group. This group had significantly higher neutrophil counts, axillary temperatures, NLRs, PLRs, C-reactive proteins, and procalcitonin levels compared with the control group. There was a positive association between neutrophil counts, NLR, and PLR in the EOS group. An NLR of 6.76 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4%; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.99; P=0.001). A PLR of 94.05 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.93; P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: NLRs and PLRs were positively correlated with EOS in term neonates, and these ratios can be used as diagnostic adjunct tests for neonate EOS workups.
Diabetes in the indigenous population of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.; Diabetes prevalence and complications rates were examined for the indigenous population of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in the western Pacific. Diabetes is common, with 4% of the population and 11% of adults having diagnosed diabetes. Diabetes is more common among females and islanders of Carolinian descent. End stage renal disease, hospitalizations for pneumonia, non-traumatic lower extremity amputations and retinopathy are more common than expected (with relative risks of 3.9, 3.0, 1.5 and 1.3, respectively, compared with diabetics in US), while diabetes-related mortality and hospitalizations for ischemic heart disease/cerebrovascular disease are less (with relative risks of 0.9 and 0.8). Implications for primary and secondary prevention of diabetes and its complications are discussed.
[Therapeutic effect of one-day outpatient on gestational diabetes mellitus patients].; To study the effect of one-day outpatient intervention on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients, and to explore the pregnancy outcome relevant to GDM patients and their fetus.  Methods: The GDM patients were divided into two groups according to their own intention to the one-day outpatient. According to systematic sampling method, we chose 200 GDM patients from the above 2 groups, respectively. The 200 GDM patients in the control group were matched the observation group with the age and gestational age, then the pregnancy outcome was tracked.  Results: The control level and success rate for the two hours blood sugar after breakfast and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in the observation group were better than those in the control group (P<0.001). The maternal complication rate (46.50%) and neonatal complication rate (21.50%) in the observation group were lower than those in the control group (71.50%, 41.50%; P<0.001). The maternal complications rate of fetal distress, premature and the neonatal complications rate of fetal macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), low weight, congenital heart disease, neonatal pneumonia, and rate in neonatal NICU were significantly lower than those in the control group (P<0.05).  Conclusion: One-day outpatient intervention could control blood sugar effectively, reduce the maternal and neonatal complications. It is worth promoting.
Intensive glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy with intrauterine growth restriction is detrimental to fetus.; Hyperglycemia during early pregnancy can lead to congenital malformations and/or spontaneous abortion while in the last few days of pregnancy it causes neonatal metabolic complications. Macrosomia is the most common complication and is due to maternal hyperglycemia in second and third trimester of pregnancy. In view of all these, intensive glycemic control of the mother is recommended throughout pregnancy. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a well known complication of pre-gestational diabetic patients due to vasculopathy and is also seen in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to overinsulinisation. Hitherto there are no separate recommendations for glycemic targets in pregnant diabetic patients with IUGR. In presence of IUGR due placental vascular insufficiency, intensive glycemic control may deprive fetus of nutrition. Secondly frequent hypoglycemias which are inevitable complication of insulin treatment may further worsen the IUGR. In presence of IUGR, macrosomia is a rare possibility, and in such situation intensive glycemic control throughout pregnancy may not be justifiable and may actually be detrimental. Neonatal metabolic complications can be avoided by strict glycemic control during last two weeks of pregnancy.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health.; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
Gestational diabetes and subclinical inflammation: evaluation of first year postpartum outcomes.; AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between sublinical inflammation and glycemic status in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Sixty-one patients with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), lipid parameters and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were measured. Fifty-five of the patients with GDM returned for a follow-up visit scheduled at 1-year post-partum. These patients were subjected to 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) followed by an evaluation of metabolic and subclinical inflammatory parameters were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean FBG, insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride (TG), hsCRP levels and CIMT in the women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. C-reactive protein and CIMT were positively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR, glucose value at the time of the OGTT 50, prepregnancy body mass index, TG and FBG. Multivariate logistic regression analysis on patients with sustained hyperglycemia one-year postpartum revealed elevated hsCRP levels to be independent risk factors for the development of dysglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated hsCRP levels could be predictors of progression to T2DM later in life in patients with GDM.
Interconception care for women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) signals greater pregnancy risk but also increased lifelong risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In women with GDM, insulin resistance exceeds that observed in normal pregnancy and to varying degrees may persist or worsen after birth. Therefore, during postpartum and interconception periods, women with a history of GDM must be monitored for manifestations of increasing insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and increased adiposity. Care of women with prior GDM in the postpartum and interconception periods affords clinicians a unique opportunity for targeted screening and health promotion. The objective of this review was to synthesize evidence related to interconception care for women following a pregnancy complicated by GDM and to suggest principles of care: 1) case finding and multiple patient/clinician reminders for women with prior GDM are necessary so that screening occurs in the postpartum through interconception periods; 2) monitoring of metabolic (glucose) and cardiovascular risk (lipids, blood pressure, adiposity) should occur at regular intervals and more often in women with additional risk factors such as insulin use during pregnancy, early diagnosis of GDM, obesity, prediabetes, and dyslipidemia; 3) breastfeeding and use of long-term contraception should be encouraged; and 4) lifestyle modifications that are effective in preventing and delaying disease should be encouraged.
Late cardiovascular consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as carbohydrate intolerance of any degree first recognized during pregnancy, complicates approximately 4% of all pregnancies in the United States. Several factors can increase one's risk of developing GDM, including obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and race/ethnicity. Conversely, a history of GDM can increase the risk of developing not only T2DM but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of T2DM. Several investigations have explored GDM relationships with CVD risk factors, CVD surrogate markers, and clinically evident CVD. These studies have included evaluations of biochemical parameters, such as inflammatory and endothelial biomarkers; endothelial dysfunction, such as that seen in impaired brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation; and vascular dysfunction, manifest as cardiac dysfunction or in diseases such as hypertension. This article will review these studies and examine factors considered to be responsible for promoting CVD in women with a history of GDM, such as T2DM and metabolic syndrome and its components. In addition, studies evidencing CVD in women with a history of GDM will be explored.
Maternal hemoglobin A1c and left ventricular hypertrophy in infants of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) has been suggested to be a predictor of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in the offspring of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, although there is little data supporting this contention. We aimed to assess the relationship between maternal HbA1c and postnatal LVH. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of infants born to mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus from 2015 to 2021 at our institution. The primary predictor was maternal HbA1c; neonatal left ventricular mass (LVM) z-score was the primary outcome; LVM z-score was considered as both a continuous variable and a binary variable by dichotomizing at 4 to define LVH. Additionally, we used linear regression to determine the relationship between maternal HbA1c and LVM z-score. RESULTS: There were 116 infants who met inclusion (50% female). Mean maternal HbA1c was generally higher in infants with LVH compared to those without LVH (8.2% with LVH vs. 7.2% without LVH [p = 0.009] in the second trimester, and 7.8% vs. 7.0% [p = 0.025] in the third trimester; no significant difference for first trimester). A greater percentage of infants with LVH were intubated (36% vs. 6%, p < 0.001) and had longer average days of hospitalization (9 vs. 5, p = 0.044). Second and third trimester HbA1c was weakly associated with LVM z-score (R(2) = 0.063, p < 0.001 and R(2) = 0.068, p < 0.001, respectively); first trimester HbA1c was not significantly predictive of LVM z-score. CONCLUSION: Second and third trimester HbA1c is modestly predictive of LVH in infants born to mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus.
[Relationship between the level of maternal glycated hemoglobin and fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy].; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder commonly associated with pregnancy. It is shown that as the management of diabetes during pregnancy is optimized, decreases the frequency and severity of fetal and neonatal complications. The aim of this paper is to identify the relation between the level of maternal glycated hemoglobin and fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. METHODS: An analitytic cross-sectional study was conducted. It included patients with single pregnancy of 28-37 weeks diagnosed with gestational or preconception diabetes mellitus. A fetal echocardiogram were performed, likewise measuring of glycated hemoglobin. RESULTS: 104 diabetic pregnant patients were included in the study, 83 patients in the group with normal glycated hemoglobin and 21 in the group with altered glycated hemoglobin. Of the 104 patients, 12 had fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; 5 of the group with normal glycated hemoglobin and 7 with altered glycated hemoglobin. There is a clear association previously reported between the level maternal metabolic control and the presence of fetal and neonatal complications. CONCLUSIONS: A positive correlation between the values of high maternal glycated hemoglobin and increased thickness of the fetal ventricular septum was observed. Fetal echocardiographic assessment is recommended for all pregnant women with gestational and pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus in order to early detection of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Glucose-induced release of tumour necrosis factor-alpha from human placental and adipose tissues in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: The cytokine tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) has been implicated in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes mellitus, but limited data are available in relation to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a disease in which similar biochemical abnormalities exist. We investigated the effect of exogenous glucose on the release of TNF-alpha from placental and adipose (omental and subcutaneous) tissue obtained from normal pregnant women, and women with GDM. METHODS: Human tissue explants were incubated for up to 24 h and TNF-alpha concentration in the incubation medium quantified by ELISA. The effect of normal (5 mmol/l) and high (15 and 25 mmol/l) glucose concentrations on the release of TNF-alpha was assessed. RESULTS: In placental and subcutaneous adipose tissues obtained from women with GDM (n = 6), TNF-alpha release was significantly greater under conditions of high glucose compared with normal glucose (placenta, 25 mmol/l 5915.7 +/- 2579.6 and 15 mmol/l 4547.1 +/- 2039.1 vs. 5 mmol/l 1897.1 +/- 545.5; subcutaneous adipose tissue, 25 mmol/l 423.5 +/- 207.0 and 15 mmol/l 278.5 +/- 138.7 vs. 5 mmol/l 65.3 +/- 28.5 pg/mg protein; P < 0.05). In contrast, there was no stimulatory effect of high glucose on TNF-alpha release by tissues obtained from normal pregnant women (n = 6) (placenta, 25 mmol/l 1542.1 +/- 486.2 and 15 mmol/l 4263.3 +/- 2737.7 vs. 5 mmol/l 5422.4 +/- 1599.0; subcutaneous adipose tissue, 25 mmol/l 189.8 +/- 120.4 and 15 mmol/l 124.5 +/- 32.3 vs. 5 mmol/l 217.9 +/- 103.5 pg/mg protein). CONCLUSIONS: These observations suggest that tissues from patients with GDM release greater amounts of TNF-alpha in response to high glucose. As TNF-alpha has been previously implicated in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism, and of insulin resistance, these data are consistent with the hypothesis that TNF-alpha may be involved in the pathogenesis and/or progression of GDM.
Telomere length, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Telomere length is a marker of cumulative damage to the cell, and has been associated with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. FINDINGS: The association of telomere length with pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was examined in a nested case-control study. Circulating leukocyte telomere length was measured by Quantitative-PCR. Mean and median telomere length among cases and controls was compared, and logistic regression was used to model the outcomes as a function of tertile telomere length, with control for effects of potential confounders. Mean telomere length in pre-eclampsia cases was 0.77 (SD 0.14), in GDM cases was 0.73 (SD 0.10), and in controls was 0.74 (SD 0.14). The adjusted odds ratio comparing the highest tertile to the lowest for pre-eclampsia was 0.92 (0.15-5.46), and for gestational diabetes was 0.65 (0.13-3.34). CONCLUSIONS: Further study is necessary to determine if telomere length is associated with these pregnancy complications.
Clinical physiology of exercise in pregnancy: a literature review.; OBJECTIVES: To review the existing literature on the physiology of exercise in pregnancy as a basis for clinical practice guidelines for prenatal exercise prescription. METHODS: MEDLINE search for English language abstracts and articles published between 1966 and 2003 related to physiological adaptations to pregnancy, effects of pregnancy on responses to acute exercise and aerobic conditioning, effects of acute maternal exercise on indexes of fetal well-being, impact of physical conditioning on birth weight and other pregnancy outcomes, and use of exercise to prevent or treat gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Maximal aerobic power (VO(2)max, L/min) is well-preserved in pregnant women who remain physically active, but anaerobic working capacity may be reduced in late gestation. The increase in resting heart rate, reduction in maximal heart rate, and resulting smaller heart rate reserve render heart rate a less precise way of estimating exercise intensity. As rating of perceived exertion (RPE) is not altered by pregnancy, the use of revised pulse rate target zones along with Borg's RPE scale is recommended to prescribe exercise intensity during pregnancy. Responses to prolonged submaximal exercise (>30 min) in late gestation include a moderate reduction in maternal blood glucose concentration, which may transiently reduce fetal glucose availability. The normal response to sustained submaximal exercise is an increase in fetal heart rate (FHR) baseline. Transient reductions in FHR reactivity, fetal breathing movements, and FHR variability may also occur in association with more strenuous exercise. Controlled prospective studies have demonstrated that moderate prenatal exercise during the second and third trimesters is useful to improve aerobic fitness and maternal-fetal physiological reserve without affecting fetal growth. CONCLUSIONS: The Physical Activity Readiness Medical Examination for Pregnancy is recommended for use by physicians and midwives to provide medical clearance for prenatal exercise. Evidence-based prenatal exercise guidelines are needed to counsel healthy and fit pregnant women on the safety of involvement in more strenuous physical conditioning. Future study is also recommended to determine the usefulness of prenatal exercise in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia.
Glucose control during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes correlates with fetal hemodynamics: a prospective longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes adversely affects fetal cardiovascular system development. Previous studies have reported that the fetuses of mothers with diabetes exhibit both structural and functional changes; nevertheless, prior studies have not examined the association between glucose control and fetal cardiac morphology and performance. Thus, the objective was to determine the association between fetal cardiac morphology and function and maternal glucose control in type 1 diabetes and to compare the differences in measured cardiac parameters between the fetuses of mothers with diabetes and healthy controls. METHODS: In this prospective, longitudinal case-control study - including 62 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 30 healthy pregnant women - fetal cardiac assessment using B-mode, M-mode, and spectral pulsed-wave Doppler was performed in the second and third trimesters. In women with T1DM, glycated hemoglobin and data obtained from glucose sensors - including the percentage of time in, below, and above the range (TIR, TBR, and TAR, respectively), and coefficient of variation (CV) - were analyzed across three time periods: the last menstrual period to 13 (V1), 14-22 (V2), and 23-32 weeks (V3) of gestation. Fetal cardiac indices were compared between groups, and the correlation between glucose control and fetal cardiac indices was assessed. RESULTS: At 28-32 weeks, the fetuses of women with T1DM exhibited increased left ventricular end-diastolic length, relative interventricular septum thickness, right ventricular cardiac output, and pulmonary valve peak systolic velocity compared with healthy controls. At 18-22 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left and right ventricular stroke volumes, and left cardiac output inversely correlated with the CV and glycated hemoglobin levels at V1 and V2. Furthermore, at 28-32 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left ventricular stroke volume, cardiac output, and right/left atrioventricular valve ratio inversely correlated with the TBR at V1, V2, and V3. Moreover, diastolic functional parameters correlated with the TAR and glycated hemoglobin levels, particularly after the first trimester. CONCLUSION: In women with T1DM, maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy correlates with fetal diastolic function, whereas glucose variability and hypoglycemia inversely correlate with fetal left ventricular systolic function in the second and third trimesters.
Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational Diabetes (GDM) is characterized by glucose intolerance first manifesting during pregnancy and is an important risk factor for abnormal birthweight including large-for-gestational age birth, birth injury, and neonatal metabolic alterations--particularly when persistent maternal hyperglycemia exists. Individuals with GDM face short-term pregnancy complications, such as cesarean section and hypertensive disorders, and long-term complications, including an increased lifetime risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Many of these complications associated with GDM can be moderated with lifestyle changes and pharmacotherapeutic interventions to reduce maternal hyperglycemia and thereby improve maternal and neonatal health. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
"If I Don't Eat Enough, I Won't Be Healthy". Women's Experiences with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Treatment in Rural and Urban South India.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a range of adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as increased risk of future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In India, 10%-35% of pregnant women develop GDM. In this study, we investigated women's experiences with the dietary and pharmaceutical treatment for GDM in rural and urban Tamil Nadu, India. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 19 women diagnosed with GDM. Data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. Three overall aspects were discovered with several sub-aspects characterizing women's experiences: emotional challenges (fear and apprehension for the baby' health and struggling to accept a treatment seen as counterintuitive to being safe and healthy), interpersonal challenges (managing treatment in the near social relations and social support, and coordinating treatment with work and social life), and health system-related challenges (availability and cost of treatment, interaction with health care providers). Some aspects acted as barriers. However, social support and positive, high-quality interactions with health care providers could mitigate some of these barriers and facilitate the treatment process. Greater efforts at awareness creation in the social environment and systemic adjustments in care delivery targeting the individual, family, community and health system levels are needed in order to ensure that women with GDM have the opportunity to access treatment and are enabled and motivated to follow it as well.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Neonatal Myocardial Function.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have impaired myocardial performance and are at risk of pulmonary hypertension. We aimed to assess myocardial deformation and left ventricular (LV) rotational mechanics in this population. METHODS: We studied 40 infants of mothers with GDM and 40 control infants. Three echocardiograms were carried out over the first 3 days after birth. RESULTS: GDM infants had a lower gestation at birth and a thicker septal wall, a higher LV eccentricity index (indicating septal bowing), and a lower PAATi (indicating higher pulmonary vascular resistance) (all p < 0.05). GDM infants had lower LV strain, systolic and early diastolic strain rates, lower right ventricular (RV) strain, and early diastolic strain rates over the study period (all p < 0.05). By day 3, GDM infants had higher twist, torsion, and higher LV twist and untwist rates (all p < 0.05). GDM status was an independent predictor of LV and RV function and pulmonary vascular resistance (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Infants of mothers with GDM demonstrate important changes in myocardial function in addition to pulmonary vascular resistance that do not resolve by hospital discharge. The observed LV twist increase in GDM infants may be a compensatory mechanism for the lower longitudinal function in this cohort.
Estimating the risk after gestational diabetes mellitus: can we improve the information from the postpartum OGTT?; Risk stratification after pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is based on screening with the 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Actually, prediabetes and diabetes are diagnosed by impaired fasting [fasting plasma glucose (FPG)] and 120 min-postload glucose levels (120'-PLG). We hypothesized that the clinical information could be improved by including measurements at different time points from the OGTT in the medical decision-making process. One hundred ten women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) and 41 controls were included 3-6 mo after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: 3-h OGTT, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) with markers of inflammation and endothelial function. pGDMs were annually invited for reexaminations for a maximum of 10 yr. Multiple linear regression suggested that postload glucose levels at 60 min (60'-PLG) were a better predictor for insulin sensitivity [β: -0.10, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.14 to -0.05, P < 0.001] and disposition index (DI) (β: -0.07, 95% CI -0.12 to -0.02, P = 0.004) estimated from the FSIGT compared with other time points during the OGTT. The association between 60'-PLG and insulin secretion was of particular importance in women after GDM. We further identified associations of 60'-PLG with ultrasensitive C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, tissue plasminogen activator, endothelial-leukocyte adhesion molecule 1, and intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1. There appeared to be no interactions between females with pGDM and controls, suggesting comparable effects. We observed that 60'-PLG levels were closely related to the later onset of diabetes independent from the routinely measured FPG and 120'-PLG levels. Our data suggest that the sole interpretation of FPG and 120'-PLG of the OGTT leads to significant loss of information. Particularly 60'-PLG was shown to distinguish women at low or high metabolic and cardiovascular risk.
Associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age: the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.; BACKGROUND: The nature and contribution of different pregnancy-related complications to future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors and the mechanisms underlying these associations remain unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied associations of pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, and size for gestational age with calculated 10-year CVD risk (based on the Framingham score) and a wide range of cardiovascular risk factors measured 18 years after pregnancy (mean age at outcome assessment, 48 years) in a prospective cohort of 3416 women. Gestational diabetes mellitus was positively associated with fasting glucose and insulin, even after adjustment for potential confounders, whereas hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and insulin. Large for gestational age was associated with greater waist circumference and glucose concentrations, whereas small for gestational age and preterm delivery were associated with higher blood pressure. The association with the calculated 10-year CVD risk based on the Framingham prediction score was odds ratio 1.31 (95 confidence interval, 1.11-1.53) for preeclampsia and 1.26 (95 confidence interval, 0.95-1.68) for gestational diabetes mellitus compared with women without preeclampsia and without gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and pregnancy diabetes mellitus are independently associated with an increased calculated 10-year CVD risk. Preeclampsia may be the better predictor of future CVD because it was associated with a wider range of cardiovascular risk factors. Our results suggest that pregnancy may be an important opportunity for early identification of women at increased risk of CVD later in life.
Dulce Mothers: an intervention to reduce diabetes and cardiovascular risk in Latinas after gestational diabetes.; Latina women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Few primary prevention programs are designed for low socioeconomic status, Spanish-speaking populations. We examined the effectiveness of a Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) translation in low-income Latinas with a history of GDM. Eighty-four Latinas, 18-45 years old with GDM in the past 3 years, underwent an 8-week peer-educator-led group intervention, with tailoring for Latino culture and recent motherhood. Lifestyle changes and diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were assessed at study baseline, month 3 and month 6. Participants showed significant improvements in lipids, blood pressure, physical activity, dietary fat intake, and fatalistic and cultural diabetes beliefs (p < 0.05). Formative evaluation provides preliminary evidence of program acceptability. A peer-led, culturally appropriate DPP translation was effective in improving lifestyle changes and some indicators of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Latinas with GDM.
The Association of Specific Dietary Patterns with Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with a significantly increased risk of later type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Post-natal interventions aim to reduce this risk by addressing diet and lifestyle factors and frequently focus on restricting energy or macronutrient intake. With increased interest in the role of complete dietary patterns in the prevention of cardiometabolic disease, we sought to evaluate what is known about the role of dietary patterns in reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with previous GDM. A systematic search was conducted to identify studies relating to dietary pattern and cardiometabolic parameters in women with a history of GDM. The search criteria returned 6014 individual studies. In total, 71 full texts were reviewed, with 24 studies included in the final review. Eleven individual dietary patterns were identified, with the Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI), Mediterranean diet (MD), and low glycaemic index (GI) as the most commonly featured dietary patterns. Relevant reported outcomes included incident T2DM and glucose tolerance parameters, as well as several cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary patterns which have previously been extensively demonstrated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in the general population, including AHEI, MD, and DASH, were found to be associated with a reduction in the incidence of T2DM, hypertension, and additional risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in women with a history of GDM. Notable gaps in the literature were identified, including the relationship between dietary patterns and incident CVD, as well as the relationship between a low GI diet and the development of T2DM in this population.
Value of PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting the prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational study.; The aim of this study was to investigate the potential of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and clinical data in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Clinical data of 318 pregnant women with GDM and 200 healthy pregnant women were retrospectively analysed. The age, BMI and caesarean section in GDM were significantly higher than in normal group. Serum and placental levels of PAPP-A were significantly lower in GDM than in normal group. Pearson's correlation analysis showed that serum levels of PAPP-A were negatively correlated with BMI and blood glucose level. Binary logistic regression analysis displayed that PAPP-A were the potential factors influencing GDM. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting GDM was 0.941, significantly higher than that of the single one. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? GDM not only increases the risk of perinatal morbidity, but also results in an increased risk of long-term sequelae for both mother and child including diabetes, cardiovascular disease obesity. Previous data indicate that besides glycemic control in the second trimester, interventions initiated early in pregnancy can reduce the rate of GDM in pregnant women. The expression of PAPP-A in serum of GDM pregnant women was decreased in the first trimester. Whereas, whether PAPP-A can be as an early predictor of GDM is not clear.What do the results of this study add? The present study shows that PAPP-A MoM was less than 0.6757 in the first trimester of pregnancy is more prone to GDM. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Early GDM prediction is crucial for prevention and management of GDM, to cope with the rising prevalence of GDM and reduce later life chronic disease of both mother and child. Based on the level of PAPP-A MoM and BMI, interventions such as lifestyle changes initiated early in pregnancy shouldbeenabledin pregnant women.
The BLIiNG study - Breastfeeding length and intensity in gestational diabetes and metabolic effects in a subsequent pregnancy: A cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Breastfeeding is protective against the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. There are no data regarding the effect of breastfeeding on the development of recurrent gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Investigate the relationship of previous breastfeeding duration and intensity with the recurrence of gestational diabetes, and second pregnancy glucose tolerance test results. METHODS: We conducted a questionnaire-based pilot cohort study, enrolling 210 women during a subsequent second pregnancy, after a gestational diabetes-affected first pregnancy. Models for length and intensity of breastfeeding as predictors of the oral glucose tolerance test and for diagnosis of gestational diabetes in second pregnancy were fitted and then adjusted for possible confounders. RESULTS: Recurrent gestational diabetes rate in the study cohort was 70% (n = 146). In a fully adjusted model high intensity breastfeeding was associated with a lower 2-hour glucose level on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.66 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.15-1.17]; p = 0.01) and breastfeeding greater than six months with a lower 1-hour glucose on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.67 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.16-1.19]; p = 0.01), compared to women who breastfed less intensively or for a shorter duration respectively. There was an 18% reduction in the risk of gestational diabetes if a woman breastfed for more than six months (RR 0.82, 95% CI [0.69-0.98]; p = 0.03). The association was attenuated in the fully adjusted model (RR 0.89, 95% CI [0.78-1.02]; p = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: We found the risk of recurrent gestational diabetes was reduced by both increased duration and intensity of breastfeeding. Antenatal lactation education should be embedded into care pathways for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes.
Maternal cholesterol levels during gestation: boon or bane for the offspring?; An increase in cholesterol levels is perceived during pregnancy and is considered as a normal adaptive response to the development of the fetus. In some pregnancies, excessive increase in total cholesterol with high levels of Low-Density Lipoprotein leads to maladaptation by the fetus to cholesterol demands, resulting in a pathological condition termed as maternal hypercholesterolemia (MH). MH is considered clinically irrelevant and therefore cholesterol levels are not routinely checked during pregnancy, as a consequence of which there is scarce information on its global prevalence in pregnant women. Studies have reported that MH during pregnancy can cause atherogenesis in adults emphasizing the concept of in utero programming of fetus. Moreover, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome are potential risk factors which strengthen combined pathologies in placenta and fetuses of mothers with MH. However, lack of conclusive evidence on cholesterol transport and underlying programming demand substantial research to develop population-based life style strategies for women in their childbearing years. The current review focuses on the mechanisms and outcomes of MH from existing epidemiological as well as experimental data and presents a detailed insight on this novel risk factor of cardiovascular diseases.
Associations of greenness with gestational diabetes mellitus: The Guangdong Registry of Congenital Heart Disease (GRCHD) study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term health outcomes among mothers and their offspring. GDM affects 0.6%-15% of pregnancies worldwide and its incidence is increasing. However, intervention strategies are lacking for GDM. Previous studies indicated a protective association between greenspace and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while few studies have explored the association between greenness and GDM. This study aimed to investigate the association between residential greenness and GDM among women from 40 clinical centers in Guangdong province, south China. The study population comprised 5237 pregnant mothers of fetuses and infants without birth defects, from 2004 to 2016. There were n = 157 diagnosed with GDM according to World Health Organization criteria. We estimated residential greenness using the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), derived from satellite imagery using a spatial-statistical model. Associations between greenness during pregnancy and GDM were assessed by confounder-adjusted random effects log-binomial regression models, with participating centers as the random effect. One interquartile increments of NDVI(250m), NDVI(500m) and NDVI(1000m) were associated with 13% (RR = 0.87, 95%CI: 0.87-0.87), 8% (RR = 0.92, 95%CI: 0.91-0.92) and 3% (RR = 0.97, 95%CI: 0.97-0.97) lower risks for GDM, respectively. However, NDVI(3000m) was not significantly associated with GDM (RR = 0.96, 95%CI: 0.78-1.19). The risk for GDM decreased monotonically with greater NDVI. The protective effect of greenness on GDM was stronger among women with lower socioeconomic status and in environments with a lower level air pollutants. Our results suggest that greenness might provide an effective intervention to decrease GDM. Greenness and residential proximity to greenspace should be considered in community planning to improve maternal health outcomes.
Circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired in normotensive pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Data about circadian blood pressure (BP) in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are lacking. Thus, we sought to compare dipper and nondipper circadian variation of BP profile between normotensive women complicated with GDM and normal pregnant women. Forty-two women with GDM and 33 normal uncomplicated pregnant women who met the entry criteria for the study were enrolled in the study. Twenty-four-hour noninvasive ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and echocardiography to measure the left ventricle mass index and diastolic parameters were performed. Nocturnal blood pressure dipping was calculated as follows: (awake BP - sleep BP) × 100/awake BP. Patients with a nocturnal reduction in average daytime systolic BP and diastolic BP of less than 10% were classified as nondippers. Left ventricle mass index was higher in normotensive pregnant women with GDM group than in normal pregnant subjects (101.98 ± 24 g/m(2) vs. 90.67 ± 15 g/m(2), P < .018). Significant nocturnal systolic and diastolic nondippings were observed in GDM groups compared with normal subjects. From diastolic variables, the mitral E velocity and isovolumetric relaxation time were compatible with diastolic dysfunction relaxation abnormalities (P = .003 and P = .015, respectively) in nondipper group. From all confounding factors, only E velocity (P = .002) and diagnosis of GDM (P < .001) were predictive of nondipper circadian variation. This study shows that (i) circadian BP is impaired in normotensive pregnant subjects with GDM, (ii) the left ventricle mass index is higher in pregnant subjects with GDM than in normal pregnant subjects who despite a 24-hour BP are within normal limits, and (iii) in nocturnal nondipper group, the tendency to having diastolic relaxation abnormalities is noted.
Associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with alterations in cardiovascular system in early childhood.; AIMS: The association of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood cardiovascular alterations is not well established. This study aims to test the hypothesis that prenatal exposure to GDM is associated with vascular and cardiac alterations in early childhood. METHODS: In a population-based prospective cohort among 1094 mothers and their offspring, GDM was diagnosed according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound were performed using standardised methods at 4 years old. The associations between maternal GDM and childhood cardiovascular outcomes were modelled using linear regression and binary logistic regression. Mediation analysis was conducted to test the potential mediators. RESULTS: Maternal GDM was associated with higher systolic BP (SBP; β, 1.20; [0.11, 2.28]), lower left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD; β, -0.36; [-0.71, -0.01]), lower end-diastolic volume (EDV; β, -1.42; [-2.71, -0.13]) and increased risk of high blood pressure (HBP, OR = 1.522; 95% CI, 1.023 to 2.264) in offspring at the age of 4 years. After stratification by sex, the association remained strong only in male offspring (SBP: β, 1.94; [0.37, 3.51]; LVEDD: β, -0.60; [-1.09, -0.12]; EDV: β, -2.09; [-3.86, -0.31]; HBP: OR = 1.797; 95% CI, 1.063 to 3.037) and was independent of maternal and child characteristics. However, carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) was not associated with maternal GDM. Mediation analysis showed that the effects on childhood cardiovascular alterations were attributable mostly to the direct effects of maternal GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide evidence that maternal GDM is associated with offspring cardiovascular adaptations at preschool age. Further studies are needed to replicate our results and the long-term effect of these adaptations on later cardiovascular risks needs further investigation.
Effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Exercise can be used as a strategy to attenuate hyperglycaemia experienced during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To maximize its use for clinical management, the most effective modality should be identified. The purpose of this review is to elucidate the most effective modality of exercise on insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnant women with or at risk of GDM. METHODS: A search was undertaken in MEDLINE, PubMed, Scopus, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Embase and the Maternity & Infant Healthcare Database. Studies that met inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials and case-controlled studies, which compared exercise interventions with standard care during pregnancy in women with or at risk of GDM. RESULTS: Two interventions using resistance training, eight using aerobic exercise and two using a combination of both modalities were included. The interventions showed consistently that requirements of insulin therapy, dosage, and latency to administration were improved in the exercise groups. Less consistent results were observed for capillary blood glucose measurements; however, both modalities and combination of modalities were effective at improving blood glucose control in already diagnosed patients and pregnant women with obesity. Discrepancies in the timing of intervention, GDM diagnostic criteria, and the different measures used to assess glucose metabolism make it difficult to draw clear recommendations. CONCLUSION: Exercising three times per week for 40-60 min at 65-75% age-predicted heart rate maximum using cycling, walking or circuit training as a modality improved glycaemic control in GDM patients and reduced incidence of GDM in pregnant women with obesity. Further studies looking specifically at the effects of different modalities of exercise on glucose metabolism with combined strategies to enhance insulin sensitivity should be explored to maximize benefits for GDM pregnancies. Consistency in design and delivery of exercise-only interventions is required to make recommendations on a suitable exercise prescription in this population. In practice, adherence to consensus in diagnostic cut-offs for GDM diagnosis is fundamental for standardizing future research.
Factors causing timely referral for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of congenital heart malformations: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most frequently inherited illnesses associated with adverse outcomes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the referral cause for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of major CHD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, the data of 1772 pregnant women, referred to a diagnostic clinic during 2017-2020, were reviewed. Data were collected from participants on maternal age, gestational age, history of previous child's heart disease, body mass, the order of birth of children (baby birth rank), type of woman's disease, history of poor midwifery, and nuchal translucency (NT). RESULTS: Of the 1772 pregnant women, only 33 women (1.8%) had a fetus with CHD major. Abnormality in ultrasound (57.6%), history of abortion (36.4%), increased NT and gestational diabetes (18.2%) and gestational diabetes (18.2%) were identified as the most common referral reasons for fetal echocardiography in these women. Other reasons included a previous child with Down syndrome (12.1%), a previous child with heart disease (12.1%), a history of stillbirth (12.1%), hypothyroidism (12.1%), taking medication during the pregnancy period (9.0%), no underlying disease (9.0%), multiple pregnancies (6.0%), diagnosis with high-risk fetal heart disease (3.0%), high-risk combined aneuploidy screening test in the first trimester (3.0%), in vitro fertilizationpregnancy (3.0%), and having a child with an intellectual disability (3.0%). CONCLUSION: According to the results, it can be concluded that ultrasound abnormality, abortion, increased NT and gestational diabetes are the most important factors for referring pregnant women for fetal echocardiography.
Human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: An adverse intrauterine environment can result in permanent changes in the physiology of the offspring and predispose to diseases in adulthood. One such exposure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has been linked to development of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Epigenetic variation, including DNA methylation, is recognised as a leading mechanism underpinning fetal programming and we hypothesised that this plays a key role in fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction following exposure to GDM. Thus, we conducted a pilot epigenetic study to analyse concordant DNA methylation and gene expression changes in GDM-exposed fetoplacental endothelial cells. METHODS: Genome-wide methylation analysis of primary fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (AEC) and venous endothelial cells (VEC) from healthy pregnancies and GDM-complicated pregnancies in parallel with transcriptome analysis identified methylation and expression changes. Most-affected pathways and functions were identified by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and validated using functional assays. RESULTS: Transcriptome and methylation analyses identified variation in gene expression linked to GDM-associated DNA methylation in 408 genes in AEC and 159 genes in VEC, implying a direct functional link. Pathway analysis found that genes altered by exposure to GDM clustered to functions associated with 'cell morphology' and 'cellular movement' in healthy AEC and VEC. Further functional analysis demonstrated that GDM-exposed cells had altered actin organisation and barrier function. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our data indicate that exposure to GDM programs atypical morphology and barrier function in fetoplacental endothelial cells by DNA methylation and gene expression change. The effects differ between AEC and VEC, indicating a stringent cell-specific sensitivity to adverse exposures associated with developmental programming in utero. DATA AVAILABILITY: DNA methylation and gene expression datasets generated and analysed during the current study are available at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo ) under accession numbers GSE106099 and GSE103552, respectively.
Gestational Diabetes and Risk Assessment of Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Newborns Early Motoric Development.; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and fetal perinatal parameters, as well to evaluate the influence of GDM on neonatal early motoric development. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study, we evaluated 203 eligible participants that were admitted to obstetrics department for a labor. GDM was assessed by evaluation of maternal parameters, fetal parameters, as well its impact on infants early motoric development (Alberta Infant Motor Scale-AIMS). Results: Presence of GDM was significantly positively associated with: pre-pregnancy weight, obesity degree, weight at delivery, gestational weight gain (GWG), body mass index (BMI) at delivery, GWG and increased pre-pregnancy BMI, glucose levels in mother's venous blood after the delivery, positive family history for cardiovascular disease, pregnancy-related hypertension, congenital thrombophilia, drug use in pregnancy, large for gestational age (LGA), mode of delivery (Cesarean section and instrumental delivery). Likewise, GDM association was detected for tested ultrasound parameters (biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femoral length (FL)), length at birth, birth weight, newborn's head circumference, newborn's chest circumference, AIMS supination and pronation at three months, AIMS supination, pronation, sitting and standing at six months. Only Amniotic Fluid Index and AIMS supination at three months of infant's age remained significantly associated in multivariate regression model. Conclusions: The presence of significant positive association of numerous tested parameters in our study on perinatal outcomes and early motoric development, points to the necessity of establishing appropriate clinical decision-making strategies for all pregnant woman at risk and emphasize the importance of providing adequate glycaemia control options and further regular follow ups during the pregnancy.
The plasma logarithm of the triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol ratio is a predictor of low risk gestational diabetes in early pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The plasma lipid profile changes atherogenically during normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can exacerbate the changes in metabolism. The logarithm of the ratio triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol is an atherogenic index of the plasma (AIP) and can be used as a marker for plasma atherogenicity. METHODS: Serum of 576 unrelated Euro-Brazilian pregnant women was collected and the subjects were classified as healthy pregnant women (control, n=288) and gestational diabetic patients (GDM, n=288) according to the ADA 2010 criteria. Both studied groups were sub classified in 4 gestational periods: (i) 12-23, (ii) 24-28, (iii) 29-32 and (iv) >32 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Except for the AIP, the other parameters showed low discrimination between control and GDM groups (ROC curves). When analyzed by ROC curves the AIP of subjects in the early period of gestation showed sensitivity and specificity of 82.6% and 83.4%, respectively, with a cut-off point of 0.099 (AUC 0.886, P<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The AIP is a valuable index to identify pregnant women with low risk of gestational diabetes before 24 weeks of gestation.
Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes: review and recommendations.; BACKGROUND: Men and women differ in their experience of diabetes mellitus (DM). For optimal prevention and treatment of the disease, these differences must be acknowledged. Unfortunately, most studies of diabetes have focused almost exclusively on men. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this review was to survey the literature about the sex-specific features of DM and to make recommendations for the gender-specific care of patients. METHODS: An initial literature search was performed with Google Scholar and MEDLINE (1995-2005) using the search terms sex/gender, women, diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease, and specific topic headings such as polycystic ovary syndrome. The bibliographies of articles were used extensively to augment the search, and more specific search terms were included. The strength of each recommendation was assessed. RESULTS: : Even when women were included in clinical trials, investigators typically made no attempt to assess the impact of sex differences on the reported results. Existing studies, however, reveal several differences between men and women with diabetes. The prevalence of DM is growing fastest for older minority women. Women with diabetes, regardless of menopausal status, have a 4- to 6-fold increase in the risk of developing coronary artery disease (CAD), whereas men with diabetes have a 2- to 3-fold increase in risk. Women with diabetes have a poorer prognosis after myocardial infarction and a higher risk of death overall from cardiovascular disease than do men with diabetes. Women with type 2 DM experience more symptoms of hyperglycemia than do their male counterparts. Obesity, an important contributor to type 2 DM, is more prevalent in women. Women with diabetes have an increased risk of hypertension compared with men with diabetes. Women have a more severe type of dyslipidemia than do men (low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, small particle size of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high levels of triglycerides), and these risk factors for CAD have a stronger influence in women. Oxidative stress may confer a greater increase in the risk of CAD for women with diabetes than for men with diabetes. Many other sex differences in DM are due to women's reproductive physiology. Polycystic ovary syndrome is an important correlate of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 DM. Women are less likely than men to receive aggressive treatment for CAD and to achieve treatment goals. Critical recommendations for women include exercise, testing for CAD, daily aspirin to counteract the prothrombotic state, depression screening, careful treatment to avoid weight gain, long-term follow-up of children of women with GDM, control of risk factors for CAD, and aggressive treatment with coronary angioplasty for CAD. Disease management programs for patients with diabetes have been shown to save money and improve outcomes, and should continue to incorporate information about sex-specific differences in DM as it becomes available. CONCLUSION: Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes should be informed by evidence-based recommendations.
Lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007-2018.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We compared cardiometabolic risk factors among parous U.S. women ages 20-44 by history of GDM. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007 to 2018, 3537 parous women were classified by self-reported GDM history. We compared anthropometric measures, glycemia, blood pressure, lipids, lifestyle factors, cardiovascular health, and cardiometabolic disease prevalence by GDM status. NHANES survey design was taken into account. Women without history of GDM were younger and, after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, and education, had more favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles for measures of anthropometry, glycemia, diabetes, many lipids, physical activity, diet, and overall cardiovascular health than women with history of GDM. Many patterns persisted after further adjustment for lifestyle factors. In analyses stratified by race/ethnicity, many patterns persisted, though there were key differences. Hypertension prevalence differed by GDM history only among Hispanic women. In women of other race/ethnicity, there was no difference in healthy eating or body mass index by GDM history. In non-Hispanic Black women, there was no difference in healthy eating by GDM history. CONCLUSION: Among parous U.S. women ages 20-44, those with history of GDM had less favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles than those without history of GDM. This highlights the importance of continued efforts to develop and test multilevel interventions to improve cardiometabolic risk factors among reproductive-age women with a history of GDM.
Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease.; Although cardiovascular disease has traditionally been viewed as a condition of aging individuals, increasing focus has turned to its developmental origins. Since birthweight has been related to cardiovascular disease risk, research into factors such as gravid conditions that affect fetal growth have grown. Associations between maternal diabetes and childhood obesity from sibling studies suggest a causal role but prospective studies of gestational diabetes remain mixed. Preeclampsia and increased offspring blood pressure has been consistently observed but evidence for other cardiovascular outcomes is lacking. While maternal obesity is associated with childhood obesity, causality remains unclear and paternal obesity should be investigated as an independent risk factor. Environmental chemical exposures in utero, particularly obesogens, are now emerging as another concern, as is conception by infertility treatment. Few studies have investigated subclinical measures of endothelial function or atherosclerosis and more research in these areas may help reveal the underlying pathogenesis.
Mass spectrometry-based "omics" technologies for the study of gestational diabetes and the discovery of new biomarkers.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications occurring during pregnancy. Diagnosis is performed by oral glucose tolerance test, but harmonized testing methods and thresholds are still lacking worldwide. Short-term and long-term effects include obesity, type 2 diabetes, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The identification and validation of sensitidve, selective, and robust biomarkers for early diagnosis during the first trimester of pregnancy are required, as well as for the prediction of possible adverse outcomes after birth. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based omics technologies are nowadays the method of choice to characterize various pathologies at a molecular level. Proteomics and metabolomics of GDM were widely investigated in the last 10 years, and various proteins and metabolites were proposed as possible biomarkers. Metallomics of GDM was also reported, but studies are limited in number. The present review focuses on the description of the different analytical methods and MS-based instrumental platforms applied to GDM-related omics studies. Preparation procedures for various biological specimens are described and results are briefly summarized. Generally, only preliminary findings are reported by current studies and further efforts are required to determine definitive GDM biomarkers.
Antenatal umbilical coiling index in gestational diabetes mellitus and non-gestational diabetes pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Umbilical cord abnormalities increase fetal morbidity and mortality. This study was designed to compare antenatal umbilical coiling index (aUCI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-gestational diabetes mellitus (non-GDM) pregnancy, considering uncertainties about the best time to perform antenatal ultrasonography scan. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this prospective study, 246 parturients were included, 123 with GDM and 123 with non-GDM pregnancy. Gestational diabetes was confirmed at 24-28 weeks of gestation (WG) using one-step strategy. An anatomical ultrasound survey of placenta and umbilical cord was performed at 18-23 as well as 37-41 weeks of gestational age. RESULTS: At 18-23 WG, the frequency distribution (10th, 90th percentiles, mean ± SD) of the aUCI in the GDM and non-GDM groups were (0.13,0.66,0.32 ± 0.19) and (0.18,0.74, 0.4 ± 0.31) respectively. These values were (0.12,0.4, 0.25 ± 0.11) in the GDM group at 37-41 WG and (0.17,0.43, 0.29 ± 0.11) in the non-GDM group. A significant relationship was detected between UCI value and GDM/non-GDM groups at both antenatal evaluations (18-23 WG; P = 0.002, 37-41WG; P < 0.001). A significant association at 18-23 WG was found between GDM/non-GDM groups and aUCI categorization (hypocoiling <10th, normocoiling 10th-90th and hypercoiling >90th) (P = 0.001). However, hypocoiling were significantly more frequent in GDM than non-GDM in both antenatal evaluations (P < 0.001, P = 0.006). CONCLUSION: Antenatal UCI in pregnancy complicated by GDM were lower in comparison with non-GDM pregnancy. The most abnormal pattern of coiling in gestational diabetes was hypocoiling in both trimesters. In addition, 18-23 WG is the best time to perform ultrasound scan to detect aUCI and umbilical cord pattern.
Clinical and Metabolic Characterization of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Within the First Year Postpartum.; CONTEXT: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of long-term complications, including impaired glucose metabolism, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and obesity. In current clinical practice, a 1 size fits all approach to GDM is applied, although heterogeneity among women with GDM has been recognized. OBJECTIVE: To give the most adequate preventive care and postpartum (PP) guidance, we aimed to make a metabolic characterization and identify subgroups of women with previous GDM within the first year PP. METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, we collected data in gestational week 34-38, at 3 months, and 1 year PP on women with GDM who participated in a PP follow-up program in Central Region Denmark from April 2019 to December 2022. RESULTS: In total, 1270 women were included in the program in late pregnancy. Of the 768 women participating in either the oral glucose tolerance test 3 months PP (n = 545) or the 1-year follow-up (n = 493) or both (n = 261), 608 (79.2%) were normoglycemic, 137 (17.8%) had prediabetes, 20 (2.6%) had T2DM, and 3 (.4%) had developed T1DM. More than 40% of the women gained weight in the first year PP compared with their pregestational weight. CONCLUSION: Our study shows that 20.8% of women with GDM who volunteered to participate in a clinical follow-up program developed prediabetes or diabetes (T1DM and T2DM) within the first year PP. The GDM diagnosis encompasses a heterogenetic group of women and a deeper characterization may provide an opportunity for a more personalized risk assessment to prevent the progression to T2DM.
Maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations between maternal diabetes diagnosed before or during pregnancy and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) in offspring during their first four decades of life. DESIGN: Population based cohort study. SETTING: Danish national health registries. PARTICIPANTS: All 2 432 000 liveborn children without congenital heart disease in Denmark during 1977-2016. Follow-up began at birth and continued until first time diagnosis of CVD, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. EXPOSURES FOR OBSERVATIONAL STUDIES: Pregestational diabetes, including type 1 diabetes (n=22 055) and type 2 diabetes (n=6537), and gestational diabetes (n=26 272). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was early onset CVD (excluding congenital heart diseases) defined by hospital diagnosis. Associations between maternal diabetes and risks of early onset CVD in offspring were studied. Cox regression was used to assess whether a maternal history of CVD or maternal diabetic complications affected these associations. Adjustments were made for calendar year, sex, singleton status, maternal factors (parity, age, smoking, education, cohabitation, residence at childbirth, history of CVD before childbirth), and paternal history of CVD before childbirth. The cumulative incidence was averaged across all individuals, and factors were adjusted while treating deaths from causes other than CVD as competing events. RESULTS: During up to 40 years of follow-up, 1153 offspring of mothers with diabetes and 91 311 offspring of mothers who did not have diabetes were diagnosed with CVD. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 29% increased overall rate of early onset CVD (hazard ratio 1.29 (95% confidence interval 1.21 to 1.37); cumulative incidence among offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years of age 13.07% (12.92% to 13.21%), difference in cumulative incidence between exposed and unexposed offspring 4.72% (2.37% to 7.06%)). The sibship design yielded results similar to those of the unpaired design based on the whole cohort. Both pregestational diabetes (1.34 (1.25 to 1.43)) and gestational diabetes (1.19 (1.07 to 1.32)) were associated with increased rates of CVD in offspring. We also observed varied increased rates of specific early onset CVDs, particularly heart failure (1.45 (0.89 to 2.35)), hypertensive disease (1.78 (1.50 to 2.11)), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 (1.38 to 2.41)), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 (1.31 to 2.80)). Increased rates of CVD were seen in different age groups from childhood to early adulthood until age 40 years. The increased rates were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (1.60 (1.25 to 2.05)). A higher incidence of early onset CVD in offspring of mothers with diabetes and comorbid CVD (1.73 (1.36 to 2.20)) was associated with the added influence of comorbid CVD but not due to the interaction between diabetes and CVD on the multiplicative scale (P value for interaction 0.94). CONCLUSIONS: Children of mothers with diabetes, especially those mothers with a history of CVD or diabetic complications, have increased rates of early onset CVD from childhood to early adulthood. If maternal diabetes does have a causal association with increased CVD rate in offspring, the prevention, screening, and treatment of diabetes in women of childbearing age could help to reduce the risk of CVD in the next generation.
Preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes - The evidence and potential strategies.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus is a condition strongly related to the development of type 2 diabetes later in life, although the risk and the onset have not been fully identified yet. Although glucose tolerance returns to normal levels after delivery in the majority of women with GDM, this condition represents an early stage in the natural history of T2DM. In addition, women with previous GDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and a raised incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Lifestyle changes and pharmacological interventions might be able to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in pGDM women, although results are still not conclusive. Long term continuous programs specifically addressed to women with pGDM should be implemented, with the ambitious target to encourage them to regularly check glucose tolerance, lipid profile and other parameters related to cardiovascular diseases, aimed at improving women's health. In this paper, we review the relationship between type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and a history of GDM.
Serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (AFABP) was recently introduced as a novel adipokine, serum levels of which independently correlate with the development of the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in humans. In the current study, we investigated serum concentrations of AFABP in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as compared with healthy pregnant controls matched for gestational age and fasting insulin. DESIGN AND METHODS: AFABP was determined by ELISA in controls (n=80) and GDM patients (n=40) and correlated to clinical and biochemical measures of renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as inflammation, in both groups. RESULTS: Median serum AFABP concentrations were significantly elevated in subjects with GDM (22.9 microg/l) as compared with healthy pregnant controls (18.3 microg/l; P<0.05). Furthermore, GDM was independently associated with AFABP concentrations in multiple regression analysis (P<0.05). In addition, markers of adiposity (body mass index, serum leptin), triglycerides and serum creatinine were independently associated with circulating AFABP (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal AFABP concentrations are significantly increased in GDM. The adipokine might contribute to the increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk of the disease.
Association between cardiac arrhythmia before pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a nationwide population-based study in Korea.; Given the higher prevalence of cardiac arrhythmias in individuals with diabetes, we investigated the relationship between cardiac arrhythmias and the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM). This retrospective cohort study utilized data from the Korean Health Insurance Service database, encompassing 1,113,729 women who gave birth between January 2007 and December 2015. After excluding those who did not undergo National Health Screening tests within 1 year prior to pregnancy, those with multifetal pregnancies, and those diagnosed with diabetes, we analyzed 365,880 singleton pregnancies without a history of diabetes. Of these, 3,253 (0.9%) had cardiac arrhythmias, including premature extra beats, supraventricular tachyarrhythmias, and/or atrial flutter/fibrillation. GDM occurred in 31,938 (8.7%) subjects during pregnancy, and was more prevalent in women with cardiac arrhythmia than in those without (14.9% vs. 8.7%, p<0.001). In the multivariate analysis, the association between cardiac arrhythmia and GDM remained statistically significant (adjusted odds ratio, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.615-1.970; p<0.001). Subgroup analysis revealed that the risk of GDM was consistently statistically significant in subjects with cardiac arrhythmia, regardless of age, body mass index, and the presence or absence of chronic hypertension. Therefore, cardiac arrhythmias before and during pregnancy appear to be associated with an increased risk of developing GDM.
Expected probability of congenital heart disease and clinical utility of fetal echocardiography in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To establish a prediction model for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) that could facilitate selective fetal echocardiography screening for diabetic women, and to provide cost analysis of selective versus global screening of these women. STUDY DESIGN: A historical cohort study included women with pre-gestational diabetes who received perinatal care at Mayo Clinic, Minnesota from 2007 through 2013. Anatomical scans and fetal echocardiograms were reviewed and charts for postnatal outcomes were abstracted. Logistic regression models were utilized to identify predictors of CHD. Cost of global versus selective screening was estimated using cost per case detected. RESULTS: A cohort of 152 women was included. Abnormal anatomy scan was reported in five (3.3%). Among 51 (33.6%) who had fetal echocardiography, eight (15.7%) had abnormal findings. Postnatal echocardiography was conducted in 36 neonates, 12 had abnormalities. Only first trimester HbA1c was independent predictor with observed incidence of CHD of 1.8, 14.3, and 40% and HbA1c of <8, 8-10, and >10% respectively. Global screening strategy missed 22% of fetal cardiac abnormalities, while selective screening missed 33%. CONCLUSIONS: According to our probability model, selective screening based on HbA1c and/or anatomic surveys seems to be an accurate and cost effective strategy for prenatal diagnosis of CHD among diabetic pregnancies.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is thought to be associated with cardio-metabolic risk factor development in women and their children during the early postpartum period and early childhood. We hypothesized that these women and their children would exhibit increased abnormal cardio-metabolic risk factors three years after pregnancy. METHODS: Women from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy study were invited to attend a follow-up with the child from their index pregnancy at 3 years postpartum. Women and children were assessed for anthropometric measures and haemodynamic function. Fasting blood samples were obtained from women to assess lipid and glucose status. RESULTS: A total of 281 woman-child dyads participated in the 3-year follow-up, with 40 women developing GDM during their index pregnancy. Fasting serum insulin was higher in women with GDM in index pregnancy compared to those with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, this association was mediated by early pregnancy BMI and socioeconomic index (SEI). The rate of metabolic syndrome was higher in the GDM group than the uncomplicated pregnancy group. Maternal GDM was associated with elevated maternal fasting serum triglycerides at 3 years after adjustment for early pregnancy BMI and SEI. Children exposed to GDM in utero had higher waist circumference compared to children born after an uncomplicated pregnancy, but this is mediated the above covariates. CONCLUSION: Exposure to GDM is associated with elevated serum triglycerides in women at 3 years postpartum but other cardiometabolic outcomes in women and children appear to be mediated by early pregnancy BMI and SEI.
Cardiovascular Disease-Related Morbidity and Mortality in Women With a History of Pregnancy Complications.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of certain pregnancy complications are at higher risk for cardiovascular (CVD) disease. However, most clinical guidelines only recommend postpartum follow-up of those with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, or preterm birth. This systematic review was undertaken to determine if there is an association between a broader array of pregnancy complications and the future risk of CVD. METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, MEDLINE and EMBASE (via Ovid), CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from inception to September 22, 2017, for observational studies of the association between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, placental abruption, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age birth, stillbirth, and miscarriage and subsequent CVD. Likelihood ratio meta-analyses were performed to generate pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% intrinsic confidence intervals (ICI). RESULTS: Our systematic review included 84 studies (28 993 438 patients). Sample sizes varied from 250 to 2 000 000, with a median follow-up of 7.5 years postpartum. The risk of CVD was highest in women with gestational hypertension (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.3-2.2), preeclampsia (OR 2.7; 95% ICI, 2.5-3.0), placental abruption (OR 1.8; 95% ICI, 1.4-2.3), preterm birth (OR 1.6; 95% ICI, 1.4-1.9), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.5), and stillbirth (OR 1.5; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.1). A consistent trend was seen for low birth weight and small-for-gestational-age birth weight but not for miscarriage. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a broader array of pregnancy complications, including placental abruption and stillbirth, are at increased risk of future CVD. The findings support the need for assessment and risk factor management beyond the postpartum period.
OS106. The postpartum preeclampsia clinic (PPPEC) - an interdisciplinary clinic for cardiovascular risk reduction for women with preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia (PEC) is a well-established risk factor for the development of future premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, women with PEC are not routinely counselled about these longterm risks, nor are their risk factors regularly assessed or treated for prevention of CVD. An interdisciplinary PPPEC clinic was recently established at the University of Alberta in order to address patient education and CVD risk factor management. OBJECTIVES: (1) To describe the implementation of a novel interdisciplinary clinic for postpartum women with PEC designed to both educate women of their CVD risk and manage their risk factors. (2) To describe our one-year experience with this clinic, identifying attendance issues common to postpartum clinics. METHODS: We performed a retrospective chart review using data obtained from standardized clinic booking lists. From these records, we extracted the following information: number of referrals, attendance dates (including adherence to visit) and patient demographics. Descriptive statistics were used to summarize patient demographics and percentages of missed visits were calculated. RESULTS: PPPEC Clinic Implemenation: All patients who attend this PPPEC clinic received education on PEC, its implications for future vascular health, and evidence-based strategies for CVD risk reduction through both a slide presentation, educational handouts as well as individualized CVD risk assessment by the interdisciplinary team (Obstetric Internist, nurse practitioner, pharmacist and dietician). Next, specific patient-directed lifestyle modification goals were developed in the form of an "Action Plan" for each CVD risk factor: blood pressure, cholesterol, glucose intolerance, physical activity level, weight, and smoking. These goals were reviewed at each follow-up visit. PPPEC Clinic Experience: From Sept 2010 to Feb 2012, there were 123 appointments in this bi-weekly clinic (63 new consults and 60 follow ups). The women's mean age was 29.4 years (range 17-43). Seventy-four percent of scheduled apointments were attended. Of those that were missed, half were initial consultations and halfwere follow-up appointments. CONCLUSION: This interdisciplinary PPPEC addresses an important gap in clinical care for CVD prevention for these high-risk women. This study identified suboptimal attendance of scheduled postpartum visits. Future plans include: (1) identifying barriers to postpartum clinic attendance and strategies to overcome them, (2) examining the effectiveness of the educational and clinical intervention model in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in these women.
Prevalence and determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in India: an analysis of National Family Health Survey Data.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes with its first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is a high-risk maternal and neonatal condition which increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in mothers and their infants. It is essential to detect and treat GDM since its inception when mothers suffer from Type 1 diabetes while carrying the foetus during the gestational period. METHODS: The study analysed individual data from the National Family Health Survey (NFHS) surveyed in 2015-2016 (4th round) and 2019-2021 (5th round) covering a total of approximately 6 lakhs and 7 lakhs women, respectively. Among them, 32,072 women in 2015-2016 and 28,187 in 2019-2021 were pregnant, of whom 180 women in 2014-2015 and 247 women in 2019-2021 had diabetes during their gestational periods, allowing the percentage prevalence calculation of GDM. The analysis of Poisson regression estimates examined the socioeconomic and demographic risk factors for GDM among pregnant women. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of GDM in women showed an increase from 0.53% in 2015-16 to 0.80% in 2019-20 at the national level, and a similar increase in many states of India was witnessed, with a few exceptions. The GDM prevalence has shown a gradient over age, with a low prevalence in 15-19- and 25-29-year-olds and the highest prevalence in 40-44-year-olds. Concerning the rural and urban divide, its prevalence in both urban and rural areas has increased from 0.61 to 0.85% and 0.51 to 0.78% between 2015 and 16 and 2019-21. The results of the Poisson regression analysis reveal that older adults with high Body Mass Index (BMI), thyroid disorder, and heart disease have a greater risk of GDM among pregnant women in India. The states of Kerala, Meghalaya, and Goa show a high prevalence of GDM. CONCLUSION: The low prevalence of GDM may not be clinically significant but has negative repercussions on the mother and her child cannot be overlooked. Thus, it is essential to curb GDM since its inception and save a generation ahead from the risk of diabetes and other diseases.
Screening of differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast for severe early-onset preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus using tandem mass tag quantitative proteomics.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have revealed that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing preeclampsia (PE). The possible reason is the abnormal lipid metabolism caused by GDM that leads to dysfunction of vascular endothelial cells and atherosclerosis, resulting in the onset of PE. However, studies focusing on the pathogenesis of PE in syncytiotrophoblast of GDM patients are lacking. This study aimed to compare differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast between women with GDM and women with GDM with subsequently developed PE. METHODS: Syncytiotrophoblast samples were obtained from pregnant women immediately after delivery. To explore the protein expression changes of syncytiotrophoblast that might explain the pathogenesis of PE in women with GDM, quantitative proteomics was performed using tandem mass tag (TMT) isobaric tags and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to enrich the biological processes that these differentially expressed proteins were involved in. RESULTS: A total of 28,234 unique peptides and 4140 proteins were identified in all samples. Among them, 23 differentially expressed proteins were identified between patients with GDM and patients with GDM with subsequently developed PE. Therein, 11 proteins were upregulated and 12 proteins were downregulated. Two relative proteins (FLT1 and PABPC4) were independently verified using immunoblotting analysis. Bioinformatic results indicated that the onset of PE in patients with GDM is a multifactorial disorder, involving factors such as apoptosis, transcriptional misregulation, oxidative stress, lipid metabolism, cell infiltration and migration, and angiogenesis. CONCLUSION: These results indicated that the inadequacy of endometrium infiltration, angiogenic disorder, and oxidative stress in syncytiotrophoblast are more likely to occur in patients with GDM and may be the potential mechanisms leading to such patients secondarily developing severe early-onset PE.
Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for MySweetHeart Trial, a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries prenatal and perinatal risk for the mother and her offspring as well as longer-term risks for both the mother (obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease) and her child (obesity, type 2 diabetes). Compared with women without GDM, women with GDM are twice as likely to develop perinatal or postpartum depression. Lifestyle interventions for GDM are generally limited to physical activity and/or nutrition, often focus separately on the mother or the child and take place either during or after pregnancy, while their results are inconsistent. To increase efficacy of intervention, the multifactorial origins of GDM and the tight link between mental and metabolic as well as maternal and child health need to be heeded. This calls for an interdisciplinary transgenerational approach starting in, but continuing beyond pregnancy. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This randomised controlled trial will assess the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention aimed at improving the metabolic and mental health of 200 women with GDM and their offspring. Women with GDM at 24-32 weeks gestational age who understand French or English, and their offspring and partners can participate. The intervention components will be delivered on top of usual care during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. Metabolic and mental health outcomes will be measured at 24-32 weeks of pregnancy, shortly after birth and at 6-8 weeks and 1 year after childbirth. Data will be analysed using intention-to-treat analyses. The MySweetHeart Trial is linked to the MySweetHeart Cohort (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974). ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: We will disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02890693; Pre-results.
Gestational diabetes alters the fetal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test: a fetal magnetocardiography study.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) potentially harms the child before birth. We previously found GDM to be associated with developmental changes in the central nervous system. We now hypothesise that GDM may also impact on the fetal autonomic nervous system under metabolic stress like an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). DESIGN: We measured heart rate variability (HRV) of mothers and fetuses during a three-point OGTT using fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG). SETTING: Measurements were performed in the fMEG Centre in Tübingen. POPULATION: After exclusion of 23 participants, 13 pregnant women with GDM and 36 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were examined. METHODS: All women underwent the same examination setting with OGTT during which fMCG was recorded three times. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Parameters of heart rate variability were measured. RESULTS: Compared with mothers with normal glucose regulation, mothers with GDM showed increased heart rate but no significant differences of maternal HRV. In contrast, HRV in fetuses of mothers with GDM differed from those in the metabolically healthy group regarding standard deviation normal to normal beat (SDNN) (P = 0.012), low-frequency band (P = 0.008) and high-frequency band (P = 0.031). These HRV parameters exhibit a decrease only in GDM fetuses during the second hour of the OGTT. CONCLUSIONS: These results show an altered response of the fetal autonomic nervous system to metabolic stress in GDM-complicated pregnancies. Hence, disturbances in maternal glucose metabolism might not only impact on the central nervous system of the fetus but may also affect the fetal autonomic nervous system. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Metabolic stress reveals a different response of fetal autonomic nervous system in GDM-complicated pregnancies.
Prognostic indicators of persistent carotid intima-media thickness increase in postpartum period in a population of normotensive women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA)-intima media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. In the present study, we aimed to compare the CCA-IMT measured in GDM women to that obtained in healthy pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we investigated the main independent predictors of persistent CCA-IMT increase (defined as CCA-IMT ≥ 0.6 mm) in postpartum period in GDM women. STUDY DESIGN: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 healthy pregnant women matched for anagraphic age (34.1 ± 4.5 vs 32.8 ± 4.2 yrs, p = 0.25), ethnicity (caucasian 56.7 vs 63.3%, p = 0.59), gestational age (36.2 ± 1.7 vs 36.5 ± 1.6 weeks, p = 0.48) and cardiovascular risk factors were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests, conventional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography analysis of left ventricular and left atrial myocardial strain parameters and carotid ultrasound examination at two time points: 36-38 weeks' gestation and 6-10 weeks after delivery. RESULTS: At 36.2 ± 1.7 weeks of gestation, CCA-IMT was significantly increased in GDM women than controls (0.81 ± 0.11 vs 0.55 ± 0.12, p < 0.001). Twelve GDM women (40% of the total) were found with persistent CCA-IMT increase (0.76 ± 0.14 mm) in postpartum period (8.2 ± 2.2 weeks), whereas the remaining 18 (60% of the total) showed a normalization in CCA-IMT (0.56 ± 0.1 mm). At multivariate logistic regression analysis, third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.78, 95%CI 1.24-2.54, p = 0.01), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.51, 95%CI 1.13-1.89, p = 0.03) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) (OR 1.68, 95%CI 1.25-4.65, p = 0.02) resulted to be independently associated with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period in GDM women. A BMI ≥ 29.2 Kg/m(2), an HbA1C ≥ 37.5 mmol/mol and a NLR ≥ 5.5 were the best cut-off values for identifying GDM women with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period. CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with increased CCA-IMT during pregnancy. This increase may be persistent in postpartum period in GDM women with obesity, uncontrolled diabetes and increased inflammatory markers.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES: PREVALENCE AND RISKS FOR THE MOTHER AND CHILD (REVIEW).; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is chronic hyperglycemia during gestation in women without previously diagnosed diabetes. This hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in the setting of chronic insulin resistance. GDM has been found to affect approximately 4-16.5% of pregnant women worldwide. The large range of prevalence is associated with different approaches to the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which are addressed in recent organizational documents but have not yet been introduced into wide clinical practice, and therefore prevalence figures vary between countries, as well as between regions of one country. Studies have shown that overweight and obese patients or people with a family history of any form of diabetes are more likely to have GDM and the incidence of GDM increases with the age of the pregnant woman. It has been proven that half of the cases of GDM occur as a relapse in a subsequent pregnancy. Consequences of GDM include an increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a long-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. Despite the fact that management strategies, insulin therapy, and behavioral therapy have been discussed for a long time, the effectiveness of these methods is insufficient. This review discusses what is currently known about the epidemiology, pathophysiology of GDM, and maternal and child outcomes.
Vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compare it to that in women without GDM, using ophthalmic artery Doppler and carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study of women attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 37 + 6 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, ophthalmic artery Doppler for calculation of the peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio and assessment of cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and augmentation index. All measurements were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared with those in the non-GDM group. RESULTS: The study population of 2018 pregnancies contained 218 (10.8%) that developed GDM, including 78 (35.8%) that were treated with diet alone, 81 (37.2%) treated with metformin and 59 (27.1%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. In the GDM group, compared with the non-GDM group, there were significantly higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and central systolic blood pressure, but there was no significant difference in cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central diastolic blood pressure or augmentation index. In the GDM group, women treated with metformin or insulin had a higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio compared with those treated with diet alone. Additionally, compared with the diet group, the metformin group had higher central systolic blood pressure and the insulin group had a higher carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have evidence of early vascular disease, and this may contribute to their long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major clinical challenge and is likely to remain so as the incidence of GDM continues to increase. AIM: To assess longitudinal changes in maternal haemodynamics amongst women diagnosed with GDM requiring either metformin or dietary intervention in comparison to low-risk healthy controls. METHODOLOGY: Fifty-six pregnant women attending their first appointment at the GDM clinic and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant controls attending their routine antenatal clinics were recruited and assigned to three groups: GDM Metformin (GDM-M), GDM Diet (GDM-D) and Control. Non-invasive assessment of maternal haemodynamics, using recognised measures of arterial stiffness and central blood pressure (Arteriograph®), were undertaken under controlled conditions within four gestational windows: antenatal; AN1 (26-28 weeks), AN2 (32-34 weeks) and AN3 (37-40 weeks), and postnatal (PN) (6-8 weeks after delivery). Data were analysed using a linear mixed model incorporating gestational age and other relevant predictors, including age, blood pressure (BP), baseline bodyweight and pulse as fixed effects, and patient as a random effect. RESULTS: Fitted linear mixed models showed evidence of a two-way interaction effect between groups (GDM-D, GDM-M and Control) and stages of gestation (AN1, AN2, AN3 and PN) for maternal haemodynamic parameters: brachial artery augmentation index (AIx) (p = 0.004), aortic AIx (p = 0.008), and central systolic BP (p = 0.001). However, differences in respect of aortic pulse wave velocity (p = 0.001) and heart rate (p < 0.001) were only significant for gestational stage. At AN2, we did not observe any evidence that the mean brachial Aix in the GDM-M was different from the control group (p = 0.158). CONCLUSION: AIx and central systolic BP measures of arterial stiffness are adversely affected by GDM in comparison to controls during pregnancy. The possible beneficial effects of metformin therapy seen at 32 to 34 weeks of gestation require further exploration.
Gender-differences in antithrombotic therapy across the spectrum of ischemic heart disease: Time to tackle the Yentl syndrome?; The incidence and clinical presentation of ischemic heart disease (IHD), as well as thrombotic and bleeding risks, appear to differ between genders. Compared with men, women feature an increased thrombotic risk, probably related to an increased platelet reactivity, higher level of coagulation factors, and sex-associated unique cardiovascular risk factors, such as pregnancy-related (i.e., pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes), gynecological disorders (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause) and autoimmune or systemic inflammatory diseases. At the same time, women are also at increased risk of bleeding, due to inappropriate dosing of antithrombotic agents, smaller blood vessels, lower body weight and comorbidities, such as diabetes and chronic kidney disease. Pharmacological strategies focused on the personalization of antithrombotic treatment may, therefore, be particularly appealing in women in light of their higher bleeding and ischemic risks. Paradoxically, although women represent a large proportion of cardiovascular patients in our practice, adequate high-quality clinical trial data on women remain scarce and inadequate to guide decision-making processes. As a result, IHD in women tends to be understudied, underdiagnosed and undertreated, a phenomenon known as a "Yentl syndrome." It is, therefore, compelling for the scientific community to embark on dedicated clinical trials to address underrepresentation of women and to acquire evidence-based knowledge in the personalization of antithrombotic therapy in women.
Pregnancy at 65, risks and complications.; A 65-year-old postmenopausal pregnant woman was referred with antepartum hemorrhage at 29 weeks of gestation. Postadmission diagnosed with chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, valvular heart disease, and placenta previa. Her pregnancy was terminated by cesarean delivery at 32 weeks as she had a bout of bleeding per vaginum. Most of the placenta was adherent with no plane of cleavage; therefore, cesarean hysterectomy was performed. Baby birth weight was 1650 g and was shifted to nursery for observation and mother needed Intensive Care Unit care postcesarean. On the 15(th) day, both healthy mother and baby were discharged. Although pregnancy is possible in postmenopausal women with hormone support but the incidence of complications remain very high. It raises a need for developing well-laid guidelines for performing in vitro fertilization in older age group women.
Associations of elevated glucose levels at each time point during OGTT with fetal congenital heart diseases: a cohort study of 72,236 births.; BACKGROUND: It remains unclear how the condition of glucose metabolism during pregnancy affects fetal outcomes. This study aimed to investigate the associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and elevated glucose levels at each time point during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with congenital heart disease (CHD) risk in offspring. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of mothers with singleton pregnancies of 20 weeks or more registered at Maternal and Child Health Centers in Fujian Province, China. The OGTT results and offspring CHD occurrence were collected. We used logistic regression to analyse the association between elevated blood glucose at each time point during OGTT and CHD. RESULTS: A total of 71,703 normal and 533 CHD fetuses were included. Compared to the corresponding normal group, women with GDM, elevated blood glucose at different time points in OGTT (0 h ≥ 5.1 mmol/L, 1 h ≥ 10 mmol/L, and 2 h ≥ 8.5 mmol/L) showed an increased risk of CHD in offspring (adjusted OR = 1.41, 1.36, 1.37, and 1.41, all P < 0.05, respectively). Compared to group 1 (normal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), the risk of CHD was higher in group 3 (normal OGTT 0 h and abnormal OGTT 1 h or 2 h) and group 4 (abnormal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), OR = 1.53 and 2.21, all P < 0.05, respectively. Moreover, we divided participants by advanced maternal age, multipara, assisted reproduction, fetal sex, and others, similar associations were observed in the subgroup analyses. CONCLUSION: Elevated blood glucose at different time points during OGTT was associated with CHD in offspring. Fetuses of pregnant women with GDM should be screened for a high risk of CHD.
Increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in New Zealand-A national retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to compare cardiometabolic and renal outcomes for all women in New Zealand with gestational diabetes (2001-2010) with women without diabetes, 10-20 years following delivery. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study, utilizing a national dataset providing information for all women who gave birth between 1 January 2001 and 31 December 2010 (n = 604 398). Adolescent girls <15 years, women ≥50 years and women with prepregnancy diabetes were excluded. In total 11 459 women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes and 11 447 were matched (for age and year of delivery) with 57 235 unexposed (control) women. A national hospital dataset was used to compare primary outcomes until 31 May 2021. RESULTS: After controlling for ethnicity, women with gestational diabetes were significantly more likely than control women to develop diabetes-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 20.06 and 95% confidence interval (CI) 18.46-21.79; a first cardiovascular event 2.19 (1.86-2.58); renal disease 6.34 (5.35-7.51) and all-cause mortality 1.55 (1.31-1.83), all p values <.0001. The HR and 95% CI remained similar after controlling for significant covariates: diabetes 18.89 (17.36-20.56), cardiovascular events 1.79 (1.52-2.12), renal disease 5.42 (4.55-6.45), and all-cause mortality 1.44 (1.21-1.70). When time-dependent diabetes was added to the model, significance remained for cardiovascular events 1.33 (1.10-1.61), p = .003 and renal disease 2.33 (1.88-2.88), p < .0001 but not all-cause mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of adverse cardiometabolic and renal outcomes. Findings highlight the importance of follow-up screening for diabetes, cardiovascular risk factors, and renal disease.
Elevated galectin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity and recognized as a women-specific risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms for this association are not well established. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular-related biomarkers, galectin-3 (Gal-3) and protein convertase subtilisin/kexin (PCSK) type 9, in women with GDM. METHODS: Blood samples were drawn in the third trimester from 31 women diagnosed with GDM and from 35 women with normal pregnancies. Blood levels of Gal-3 and PCSK-9 were measured using a quantitative sandwich enzyme immunoassay. In addition, we measured Gal-3 levels in 24 pregnant women in the first trimester who later developed GDM and in 36 healthy controls. Continuous variables were compared using student's t-test and categorical variables by chi-square/fisher's exact tests. RESULTS: We found increased levels of Gal-3 in women diagnosed with GDM compared to women without GDM (124.6±32% versus control; pv = 0.001). Furthermore, we demonstrated elevated levels of Gal-3 during the first trimester among women who later developed GDM compared with women who did not develop any gestational morbidity (125.7±32% versus control; pv = 0.004). Third-trimester levels of PCSK-9 did not differ between women with and without GDM (560±45ng/mL versus 553±33ng/mL; pv = 0.4). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest a possible mechanism that may link GDM to the future increased cardiovascular risk in these patients. Additionally, increased Gal-3 levels during the first trimester may suggest a new early predictor for GDM.
Maternal and newborn outcomes among women with schizophrenia: a retrospective population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: More women with schizophrenia are becoming pregnant, such that contemporary data are needed about maternal and newborn outcomes in this potentially vulnerable group. We aimed to quantify maternal and newborn health outcomes among women with schizophrenia. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Population based in Ontario, Canada, from 2002 to 2011. POPULATION: Ontario women aged 15-49 years who gave birth to a liveborn or stillborn singleton infant. METHODS: Women with schizophrenia (n = 1391) were identified based on either an inpatient diagnosis or two or more outpatient physician service claims for schizophrenia within 5 years prior to conception. The reference group comprised 432 358 women without diagnosed mental illness within the 5 years preceding conception in the index pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. The primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, and small and large birthweight for gestational age (SGA and LGA). Secondary outcomes included additional key perinatal health indicators. RESULTS: Schizophrenia was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, aOR 1.84; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI 1.28-2.66), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.72, 95% CI 1.04-2.85), preterm birth (aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.46-2.08), SGA (aOR 1.49, 95% CI 1.19-1.86), and LGA (aOR 1.53, 95% CI 1.17-1.99). Women with schizophrenia also required more intensive hospital resources, including operative delivery and admission to a maternal intensive care unit, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. CONCLUSIONS: Women with schizophrenia are at higher risk of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Attention should focus on interventions to reduce the identified health disparities.
Mitochondrial function and glucose metabolism in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus: role of miR-143.; A predisposing factor for development of the hyperglycaemic state of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is obesity. We previously showed that increasing maternal obesity is associated with significant reductions in placental mitochondrial respiration. MicroRNA (miR)-143 has been previously shown to regulate the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in cancer tissues. We hypothesized that mitochondrial respiration is reduced and aerobic glycolysis is up-regulated via changes in miR-143 expression in the placenta of women with GDM. Placental tissue was collected at term from women with A1GDM (controlled by diet), A2GDM (controlled by medication) and body mass index (BMI)-matched controls (CTRL). miR-143 expression was measured by RT-PCR. Expression of mitochondrial complexes, transcription factors peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ co-activator 1α (PGC1α) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ), components of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling, glucose transporter GLUT1 and glycolytic enzymes [hexokinase-2 (HK-2), phosphofructokinase (PFK) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)] were measured by Western blot. Trophoblast respiration was measured by XF24 Analyser. Expression of miR-143, mitochondrial complexes, and PPARγ and PGC1α, which act downstream of miR-143, were significantly decreased in A2GDM placentae compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P<0.01). Placental hPL (human placental lactogen) levels, expression of glycolytic enzymes, GLUT1 and mTOR signalling were also significantly increased by more than 2-fold in A2GDM compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P<0.05). There was a 50% reduction in mitochondrial respiration in trophoblast cells isolated from A2GDM placentae. Overexpression of miR-143 was able to increase mitochondrial respiration, increase protein expression of mitochondrial complexes and decrease expression of glycolytic enzymes by 40% compared with A2GDM. Down-regulation of miR-143 mediates the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in placenta of women with A2GDM.
A case report of aorto-pulmonary window in an infant born to a diabetic mother.; Several studies have described the association between pre-gestational maternal diabetes and cardiac disease in the newborn. Infants of diabetic mothers have an increased incidence of congenital heart disease, reported between 3% and 6% compared to 0.8% of the general population. A particularly high prevalence of conotruncal defects has been recently described among congenital heart diseases. This group of malformations affects ventricular outflows, aorta, and pulmonary artery and shares a common embryogenic origin. They include persistence of the truncus arteriosus, transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, interruption of the aortic arch, and double outlet right ventricle. Aorto-pulmonary window, a rare congenital heart disease belonging to conotruncal malformations, has never been previously described in association with maternal diabetes. We describe the case of a male infant born to a mother suffering from a poorly controlled type 1 diabetes during pregnancy. In the early postnatal life the infant showed respiratory distress, tachycardia, and failure to thrive. He was found to be affected by aorto-pulmonary window that required corrective surgical intervention. <Learning objective: This case report warns us to consider this congenital abnormality as a possible finding in infants born to a diabetic mother. Furthermore, it shows how difficult the echocardiographic diagnosis of aorto-pulmonary windows can be.>.
Incidence and predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease in Ethiopia: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal mortality poses a significant public health challenge in sub-Saharan Africa, with congenital heart disease emerging as the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates, especially in countries like Ethiopia. Despite efforts to reduce neonatal mortality rates, Ethiopia continues to experience an increased mortality rate, particularly among neonates with congenital heart disease. This study aims to investigate the incidence and predictors of mortality in this vulnerable population within Ethiopia. METHOD: A retrospective cohort study was conducted at an institution, involving 583 randomly selected neonates diagnosed with congenital heart disease. In the current study, the dependent variable was survival status. Data entry utilized EpiData data version 4.6, and analysis was performed using STATA version 16. Probability of death was compared using the log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier failure curve. Significant predictors were identified using bivariable and multivariate Cox regression. Model fitness and proportional hazard assumptions were evaluated using the Cox-Snell graph and Global test, respectively. Associations were assessed by adjusted hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: The study participants were followed for 4844 days. The mortality rate was 9.9%. The incidence density was 11.9 per 1000 person-days of observation. Neonatal sepsis (AHR: 2.24; 95% CI [1.18-4.23]), cyanotic congenital heart disease (AHR: 3.49; 95% CI [1.93-6.28]), home delivery (AHR: 1.9; 95% CI [1.06-3.6]), maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus (AHR: 1.94; 95% CI [1.04-3.61]), and having additional congenital malformations (AHR: 2.49; 95% CI [1.33-4.67]) were significant predictors for neonatal mortality. CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION: The incidence density of mortality was high compared to studies conducted in developed countries. Neonatal sepsis, type of congenital heart disease, place of delivery, maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus, and having an additional congenital malformation were significant predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease. Therefore, healthcare providers should pay special attention to patients with identified predictors. Furthermore, the Federal Ministry of Health, stakeholders, and policymakers should collaborate to address this issue.
Mitochondrial Transfer Improves Cardiomyocyte Bioenergetics and Viability in Male Rats Exposed to Pregestational Diabetes.; Offspring born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher lifetime risk of heart disease. Previously, we found that rat offspring exposed to late-gestational diabetes mellitus (LGDM) and maternal high-fat (HF) diet develop mitochondrial dysfunction, impaired cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, and cardiac dysfunction at birth and again during aging. Here, we compared echocardiography, cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, oxidative damage, and mitochondria-mediated cell death among control, pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM)-exposed, HF-diet-exposed, and combination-exposed newborn offspring. We hypothesized that PGDM exposure, similar to LGDM, causes mitochondrial dysfunction to play a central, pathogenic role in neonatal cardiomyopathy. We found that PGDM-exposed offspring, similar to LGDM-exposed offspring, have cardiac dysfunction at birth, but their isolated cardiomyocytes have seemingly less bioenergetics impairment. This finding was due to confounding by impaired viability related to poorer ATP generation, more lipid peroxidation, and faster apoptosis under metabolic stress. To mechanistically isolate and test the role of mitochondria, we transferred mitochondria from normal rat myocardium to control and exposed neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. As expected, transfer provides a respiratory boost to cardiomyocytes from all groups. They also reduce apoptosis in PGDM-exposed males, but not in females. Findings highlight sex-specific differences in mitochondria-mediated mechanisms of developmentally programmed heart disease and underscore potential caveats of therapeutic mitochondrial transfer.
Zinc Levels and Birth Weight in Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Matched Cohort Study in China.; BACKGROUND: Zinc (Zn) has been suggested to impact fetal growth. However, the effect may be complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to its impact on fetal growth and placental transport. This study aims to investigate whether GDM modifies the association between Zn levels and birth weight. METHOD: A cohort matched by GDM was established in Taiyuan, China, between 2012 and 2016, including 752 women with GDM and 744 women without. Dietary Zn intake was assessed during pregnancy. Maternal blood (MB) and cord blood (CB) Zn levels were measured at birth. Birth weight was standardized as the z score and categorized as high (HBW, >4000 g) and low (LBW, <2500 g) groups. Multivariate linear regression and multinomial logistic regression were used to examine the association between Zn levels and birth weight in offspring born to women with or without GDM. RESULTS: 88.8% (N = 1328) of the population had inadequate Zn intake during pregnancy. In women with GDM, MB Zn level was inversely associated with birth weight (β = -.17; 95% confidence interval (CI), -0.34 to -0.01), while CB Zn level was positively associated with birth weight (β = .38; 95% CI, 0.06-0.70); suggestive associations were observed between MB Zn level and LBW (odds ratio 2.01; 95% CI, 0.95-4.24) and between CB Zn level and HBW (odds ratio 2.37; 95% CI, 1.08-5.21). CONCLUSIONS: GDM may modify the associations between MB and CB Zn levels and birth weight in this population characterized by insufficient Zn intake. These findings suggest a previously unidentified path of adverse effects of GDM.
Prediction of postnatal abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord in gestational diabetes mellitus: a diagnostic accuracy study.; Objective: To investigate whether evaluations of antenatal umbilical coiling index (aUCI) could predict postnatal umbilical coiling index (UCI) (pUCI) in people with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with normal pregnancy independent of maternal demographic and reproductive characteristics.Method: In this prospective study, 105 women with normal pregnancy, and 117 women with pregnancy complicated by GDM were recruited. Ultrasound scan of umbilical cord was performed at 18-23 and 37-41 weeks of gestation (WG). Evaluation of pUCI, as the reference standard, was performed within 24 hours after delivery.Findings: There was no significant relationship between aUCI and maternal demographic and reproductive characteristics. The mean for pUCI was 0.21 ± 0.12 in the GDM group, and 0.21 ± 0.09 in the normal pregnancy (p = .61). In the GDM group, a significant association was found between aUCI and pUCI categories (p = .004). The area under curve (AUC) was less than 0.5 for hypocoiling in both groups. For hypercoiling it was 0.84 ± 0.04 in the GDM group and 0.75 ± 0.06 in the normal pregnancy group (18-23 WG). In the GDM group the cutoff points that predict hypercoiling were 0.28 (18-23WG), and 0.21 (37-41WG). These were 0.35 (18-23WG), and 0.33 (37-41WG) in the normal pregnancy group. Diagnostic accuracy analysis revealed that in the GDM group, the sensitivity and specificity of hypercoiling for prediction of pUCI were 0.94 and 0.70 respectively at 18-23 WG.Conclusions: Antenatal hypercoiling at the second trimester of pregnancy strongly predict postnatal hypercoiling in pregnancies complicated by GDM.
Association between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: An interim report of the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; BACKGROUND: Social capital is generally defined as the quality and frequency of social interactions with relatives, neighbors, and society. Social capital refers to broad concepts of social interactions and structures in individuals, communities and societies such as trust (e.g., neighborhood trust, which is social cohesion with neighbors) and social support (e.g., emotional support, which is the level of the feeling of being loved). Studies during the last few decades have shown that there is a significant inverse association between social capital and the prevalences of diseases such as depression and acute coronary syndrome. Significant inverse associations between trust, social support and the prevalence of diabetes have also been shown. However, associations between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are less clear. METHODS: We used the primary dataset of the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS), including 10,228 mothers with recorded obstetric outcomes from January to December 2011. In this study, we included 8874 the 10,228 participants. Diagnosis of GDM was determined using the criteria of the Japan Diabetes Society (JDS). The quality and quantity of social capital were measured with nine questions on a self-administered questionnaire during the second or third trimester. Using principal component analysis (PCA), we distinguished the following three components (indices) of social capital: (A) index of all nine questions about social capital, (B) index of emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) index of generalized trust. The high factor loading variants of indices were as follows; (A) all nine variants, (B) five variants about emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) two variants about generalized trust. Multivariate random effect modeling was used to calculate the odd ratios (ORs) for evaluating the association between these indices of social capital and the prevalence of GDM. This model was adjusted for baseline characteristics such as family income, BMI before pregnancy and smoking during pregnancy. RESULTS: Of the 8874 participants, 204 women developed GDM (2.30%). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that index B, the index of emotional support and neighborhood trust (adjusted OR: 0.651, 95% CI: 0.429, 0.987) was significantly and independently associated with the prevalence of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: We found that the 5-question index of emotional support and neighborhood trust is significantly associated with the prevalence of GDM during pregnancy.
Screening of mitochondrial mutations and insertion-deletion polymorphism in gestational diabetes mellitus in the Asian Indian population.; In this study we scrutinized the association between the A8344G/A3243G mutations and a 9-bp deletion polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in an Asian Indian population. The A3243G mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) causes mitochondrial encephalopathy myopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS), while the A8344G mutation in tRNA(Lys) causes myoclonus epilepsy with ragged red fibers (MERRF). We screened 140 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and 140 non-GDM participants for these mutations by PCR-RFLP analysis. Both A3243G and A8344G were associated with GDM (A3243: OR-3.667, 95% CI = 1.001-13.43, p = 0.03; A8344G: OR-11.00, 95% CI = 0.6026-200.8, p = 0.04). Mitochondrial DNA mutations contribute to the development of GDM. Our results conclude that mitochondrial mutations are associated with the GDM women in our population. Thus it is important to screen other mitochondrial mutations in the GDM women.
A mouse model of gestation-specific transient hyperglycemia for translational studies.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is estimated at 14% globally, and in some countries, such as Singapore, exceeds 20%. Both women and children exposed to GDM have an increased risk of later metabolic diseases, cardiovascular disease and other health issues. Beyond lifestyle changes and pharmaceutical intervention using existing type 2 diabetes medications for expecting women, there are limited treatment options for women with GDM; targeting better outcomes of potentially affected infants is unexplored. Numerous animal models have been generated for understanding of pathological processes of GDM development and for development of treatment strategies. These models, however, suffer from limited windows of opportunity to examine risk factors and potential intervention options. By combining short-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) treatments before pregnancy, we have established a mouse model with marked transient gestation-specific hyperglycemia, which allows testing of nutritional and pharmacological interventions before, during and beyond pregnancy.
Association of DNA Methylation with Infant Birth Weight in Women with Gestational Diabetes.; Offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit greater adiposity at birth. This early-life phenotype may increase offspring risk of developing obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Infants born to women with GDM have a dysregulation of several hormones, cytokines, and growth factors related to fetal fat mass growth. One of the molecular mechanisms of GDM influencing these factors is epigenetic alterations, such as DNA methylation (DNAm). This review will examine the role of DNAm as a potential biomarker for monitoring fetal growth during pregnancy in women with GDM. This information is relevant since it may provide useful new biomarkers for the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of fetal growth and its later-life health consequences.
Social Determinants of Health, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Individuals of Vietnamese Origin.; In 2022, the Vietnamese population in the United States (US) comprises 2.2 million individuals, and Vietnam ranks as the sixth most frequent country of origin among immigrants in the US. The American Heart Association and the National Institutes of Health have called for research to define the burden of cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease, and their determinants across Asian American subgroups, including Vietnamese Americans. Despite these calls, Vietnamese Americans remain remarkably overlooked in cardiovascular research in the US. Studies in Vietnam, small cross-sectional surveys in the US, and research using US mortality data point to a high prevalence of hypertension and tobacco use among men and a high incidence of gestational diabetes among women. Moreover, Vietnamese Americans have one of the highest rates of cerebrovascular mortality in the country. Adverse social determinants of health-including frequent language barriers, limited health literacy, and low average income-have been suggested as important factors that contribute to cardiovascular risk in this group. In this narrative review, we summarize the existing knowledge in this space, highlight the distinct characteristics of cardiac risk in both Vietnamese and Vietnamese American individuals, discuss upstream determinants, and identify key knowledge gaps. We then outline several proposed interventions and emphasize the need for further studies in this underrepresented population. Our aim is to increase awareness of the significant burden of risk factors and cardiovascular disease shouldered by this large-but thus far overlooked-population in the US, boost research in this space, and help inform tailored, effective preventive interventions.
A fetal dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy associated with maternal gestational diabetes--a case report.; There is an increased risk of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and congenital heart defects among newborns of diabetic mothers. We report a case of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy preceded with dilated cardiomyopathy in a fetus of a diabetic mother. The fetal echocardiography at the 23rd week of gestation revealed signs of dilated cardiomyopathy with signs of cardiac failure. Under the echocardiographic monitoring the successful treatment was performed. In spite of poor prognosis, the child was born at the 39th gestation week in a good condition.
Postpartum lifestyle behaviour among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from the HUNT study.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recommendations for postpartum follow-up include targeted lifestyle advice to lower the risk.The aim of this study was to compare postpartum lifestyle behaviours and perceptions among women with and without a history of GDM. In addition, we examined whether lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM participating in a lifestyle intervention study differed from lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM in the general population. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We linked data from the fourth survey of the population-based Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT4) to information from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for women with registered births between 2000 and 2019. Using logistic regression, we compared lifestyle behaviours in women with and without GDM. In secondary analyses, lifestyle behaviours in women with GDM participating in a postpartum lifestyle intervention study were compared with HUNT participants with GDM using Fisher's exact tests/t-tests. RESULTS: A high proportion of the women in our population, regardless of GDM history, reported several unhealthy lifestyle behaviours. We found no significant association between history of GDM and lifestyle behaviours. The lifestyle intervention study for women with a history of GDM appeared to recruit women with more favourable lifestyle behaviours. CONCLUSIONS: Women, regardless of GDM history, could potentially benefit from further support for lifestyle improvement, but it may be especially important in women with a history of GDM given their increased risk of T2DM and CVD. Interventions targeting women with GDM might not reach the women with the unhealthiest lifestyle behaviours, and measures to reach out to all women should be further investigated.
Cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring of diabetic women: the impact of the intrauterine environment.; The incidence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, exposing large numbers of infants to hyperglycaemia whilst in utero. This exposure may have a long-term negative impact on the cardiovascular health of the offspring. Novel methods to assess cardiovascular status in the neonatal period are now available-including measuring arterial intima-media thickness and retinal photography. These measures will allow researchers to assess the relative impact of intrauterine exposures, distinguishing these from genetic or postnatal environmental factors. Understanding the long-term impact of the intrauterine environment should allow the development of more effective health policy and interventions to decrease the future burden of cardiovascular disease. Initiating disease prevention aimed at the developing fetus during the antenatal period may optimise community health outcomes.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. METHODS: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. RESULTS: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45-1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81-2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65-2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). CONCLUSIONS: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. IMPACT AND IMPLICATIONS: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications.
Tissues Derived From Reprogrammed Wharton's Jelly Stem Cells of the Umbilical Cord Provide an Ideal Platform to Study the Effects of Glucose, Zika Virus, and Other Agents on the Fetus.; The infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. It has been difficult to study the direct effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the fetus because of inaccessibility of fetal tissues. The development of tissues that simulate the function of fetal organs using stem cell technology provides an unprecedented opportunity to study this disorder. Stem cells in the Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord (hWJSCs), possess unique properties that are different from other stem cells. They are primitive, present in large numbers, non-tumorigenic, hypoimmunogenic, tumoricidal, and carry a genetic signature that represents the fetus. They are multipotent but their differentiation into functional pancreatic and cardiovascular tissues has been challenging. We have been able to reprogram hWJSCs from normal and GDM cords into induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from which a variety of functional fetal tissues including insulin-producing and cardiovascular tissues could be derived. Such tissues from reprogrammed hWJSCs of normal and GDM cords that physiologically and genetically mimic the fetus of the diabetic or non-diabetic mother are an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, the Zika virus, and other harmful agents on the fetus. The immature stemness phenotype of hWJSCs, easy accessibility, availability in large numbers without the need for propagation, and lower risk of accumulation of epigenetic mutations make them the most attractive candidate over other umbilical cord cell types for reprogramming. Additionally, some of their beneficial genes may be retained in memory in the iPSCs derived from them. J. Cell. Biochem. 118: 437-441, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Atopic dermatitis and risk of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction and stroke in a cross-sectional analysis from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project.; BACKGROUND: Atopic dermatitis (AD) has been associated with cardiovascular risk factors and diseases, but epidemiological studies to date have found conflicting results. OBJECTIVES: To determine the associations of AD with hypertension, type 2 diabetes (T2D), myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project, which includes Canadian residents aged 30-74 years living in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces. We excluded participants with incomplete data on AD, hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke, who had type 1 or gestational diabetes or who developed any of the outcomes at an age prior to a diagnosis of AD. This left 259 119 participants in our analysis. We used logistic regression to calculate age- and sex-, and multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI and stroke. RESULTS: AD was reported by 21 379 (8·4%) participants. In total, 52 787 cases of hypertension, 12 739 cases of T2D, 4390 cases of MI and 2235 cases of stroke were reported by participants at enrolment. In the multivariable-adjusted model, AD was associated with decreased odds of hypertension (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·83-0·90), T2D (OR 0·78, 95% CI 0·71-0·84), MI (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·75-1·00) and stroke (OR 0·79, 95% CI 0·66-0·95). CONCLUSIONS: We did not find evidence of a positive association between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke; AD was inversely associated with these outcomes in our study. Given our findings and the conflicting literature, AD is likely not a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Gender-specific health care in diabetes mellitus.; This article reviews information on health care issues of specific clinical relevance for women with diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus), high-lighting several topics that require careful attention by the physician and the diabetes management team. Type 2 diabetes is more prevalent among women than men, making prevention and early detection particularly important in the treatment of women. Major areas of health care concern for women with diabetes include cardiovascular disease, mental health, infections, and contraception and fertility. Knowledge of lifespan issues from adolescence through menopause is crucial to the management of women with diabetes.
Association of DPP-4 Concentrations with the Occurrence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered one of the most common diseases that occur during pregnancy. In addition to increasing the risk of numerous complications throughout gestation, it is also believed to have a long-term potential to impact the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease for the mother and her offspring. While there are clear guidelines for healthy weight gain in pregnancy depending on pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as dietary and training recommendations to achieve this, an increasing number of women are experiencing excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG). Such patients have a higher risk of developing GDM and gestational hypertension, as well as requiring caesarian delivery. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a glycoprotein that seems to play an important role in glucose metabolism, and inhibition of its activity positively affects glucose regulation. The aim of our study was to compare DPP-4 concentrations in patients with GDM and EGWG with healthy women. DPP-4 levels were assessed in serum and urine samples collected on the day of delivery. The bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method was also used to analyze the body composition of patients on the second day of the postpartum period. DPP-4 serum concentrations were significantly higher in patients in the GDM and EGWG groups compared to healthy women. Urinary DPP-4 concentrations were significantly higher in the control and GDM groups than in the EGWG group. Serum DPP-4 levels were positively correlated with BMI measured before pregnancy, on the delivery day, and in the early postpartum period, among other factors. According to our knowledge, this is the first study to determine DPP-4 levels in EGWG patients. DPP-4 may be related to the occurrence of GDM and EGWG; however, this requires further research.
Hyperglycemia at 1h-OGTT in Pregnancy: A Reliable Predictor of Metabolic Outcomes?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Identifying among GDM women those who are at high risk may help prevent T2DM and, possibly CVD. Several studies have shown that in women with GDM, hyperglycemia at 1 h during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (1-h PG) is not only associated with an increase in adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes but is also an independent predictor of T2DM. Interestingly, also in pregnant women who did not meet the criteria for a GDM diagnosis, 1-h PG was an independent predictor of postpartum impaired insulin sensitivity and beta-cell dysfunction. Moreover, maternal 1- and 2-h PG levels have been found to be independently associated with insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion also during childhood. There is evidence that hyperglycemia at 1h PG during pregnancy may identify women at high risk of future CVD, due to its association with an unfavorable CV risk profile, inflammation, arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction. Overall, hyperglycemia at 1h during an OGTT in pregnancy may be a valuable prediction tool for identifying women at a high risk of future T2DM, who may then benefit from therapeutic strategies aimed at preventing cardiovascular outcomes.
TIGAR deficiency induces caspase-1-dependent trophoblasts pyroptosis through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy, is risky for both mother and fetus. Previous studies about TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (TIGAR) focused on the occurrence and development of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological disease, however, it is still unclear whether TIGAR plays a regulatory role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Utilizing HG exposure, we explored the role of TIGAR in oxidative stress limitation, excessive inflammatory toxicity defense, and pyroptosis prevention. RESULTS: TIGAR was up-regulated in vivo and in vitro under HG condition, and loss of TIGAR increased ROS in trophoblast cells which drove a phenotypic switch and hindered the capacity of migration, invasion, and tube formation. This switch depended on the increased activation of NLRP3-ASC-caspase-1 signaling, which caused a distinctive characteristic of pyroptosis, and these findings could finally be reverted by antioxidant treatment (NAC) and receptor block (MCC950). Collectively, trophoblast pyroptosis is an upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, which is promoted by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome. CONCLUSION: Taken together, our results uncovered that, as the upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, pyroptosis is stimulated by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome.
Therapeutic exercise for insulin-requiring gestational diabetics: effects on the fetus--results of a randomized prospective longitudinal study.; Regular physical activity is an established therapeutic adjunct in diabetes, but has not been offered to pregnant diabetics in the past; for sports might induce significant cardiovascular and hormonal changes that are able to reduce blood flow to the uterus and thus limit oxygen transfer to the fetus. Studying the impact of a medically supervised exercise program on gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM) in a randomised prospective longitudinal study, this paper aims to assess the effects of maternal moderate and strenuous exercise on the fetus. By evaluating shortterm fetal responses as reflected in heart rate patterns (FHR) and longterm-pregnancy complications and neonatal outcome, our results suggest that--in absence of ominous FHR changes or significant changes in uterine activity following the exercise sessions or increased diabetes-related peri- and neonatal morbidity--regular physical activity seems to be a safe therapeutic option for the fetus of GDM mothers.
Placental pathology associated with maternal age and maternal obesity in singleton pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal age, maternal obesity and neonatal sex dimorphism are known to affect pregnancy and neonatal outcome. However, the effects of these factors on specific placental pathology are less well-documented. STUDY DESIGN: Clinical information, placental pathology and neonatal data from singleton delivery were collected at our hospital in March 2020 to October 2021 and correlation studies were performed. RESULTS: A total 3,119 singleton placentas were examined between March 2020 and October 2021 in conjunction with clinical information and neonatal birth data. Advanced maternal age (>35) was significantly associated with a variety of pregnancy complications and placental pathology including preeclampsia/pregnancy induced hypertension (Pre/PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM2), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and increased maternal body mass index (BMI) at delivery. Maternal obesity (BMI >30 at the time of delivery) was significantly associated with a variety of clinical features and placental pathology including PRE/PIH, GDM2 and decidual vasculopathy (mural arterial hypertrophy). No specific placental pathology was associated with neonatal sex except for more maternal inflammatory response (MIR, chronic deciduitis) in neonates of male sex. CONCLUSION: Maternal age and maternal obesity were associated with not only clinical complications of pregnancy and neonatal birth weight but also specific placental pathology. Understanding the effects of maternal and environmental factors will help improve pregnancy outcome.
Follow-up and screening for type-2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that is possible to prevent by systematic follow-up and preventive measures. The aim of this study was to examine whether women with previous GDM were offered follow-up in primary care, according to Swedish national guidelines. DESIGN: Retrospective review of electronic medical records. SETTING: Primary care in southern Sweden, Skåne county. SUBJECTS: Women who received a GDM diagnosis in 2018 at the Endocrinology department, Skåne University Hospital in Lund. The study population consisted of a total number of 161 patients, whereof 83 patients were included. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Whether primary care offered follow-up for T2DM after GDM and if any communication took place between secondary and primary care. Furthermore, it was examined whether the quality of the follow-up was in accordance with the national guidelines. RESULTS: Of the study population, a total of 29% (n = 24) had been followed-up by primary care. In 55% (n = 46) of the cases, there was no communication between secondary and primary care. Plasma glucose was checked in all (n = 20) cases where follow-up could be evaluated. Conversations about lifestyle habits took place in 70% (n = 14) of the cases. Weight and risk factors for cardiovascular disease were controlled in less than half (n = 9) of the patients. Lifestyle advice was offered in two cases and in 24% (n = 20) of the cases an annual check-up was planned. CONCLUSIONS: The follow-up of women with previous GDM in primary care in southern Sweden was lacking in seven out of 10 cases and showed great potential for improvement.Key PointsGestational diabetes is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes.Earlier research has recognized that risk reduction is possible by systematic follow-up and preventive measures, but the extent of follow-up in primary care in southern Sweden remains unknown.This study demonstrates a lack of follow-up according to national guidelines for women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care in southern Sweden.There is great potential to improve the care of these patients with relatively simple means.
Management of diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, as well as maternal morbidity. The availability of a variety of new insulins, the insulin pump, and self-monitoring of blood glucose have revolutionized the care of the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. However, challenges remain in caring for the pregnant patient with pregestational diabetes. Relatively few women receive preconceptional counseling, and major fetal malformations as a result of poor glucose control before and during the early weeks of gestation have emerged as the major cause of perinatal mortality. When the patient has diabetic vasculopathy, the obstetrician, maternal-fetal specialist, and/or endocrinologist and other members of the health care team must perform a challenging balancing act that promotes fetal health while minimizing maternal risk. As obesity increases in this country and our population becomes more diversified, the rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will rise. Although there is controversy regarding which diagnostic standards to use for GDM, there is agreement that excellent blood glucose control, with diet and, when necessary, insulin will result in improved perinatal outcome. Finally, the goal of our educational programs should be not only to improve pregnancy outcome but also to promote healthy lifestyle changes for the mother that will last long after delivery.
Histomorphological changes of the placenta and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: The objective of this study was to compare the histomorphological changes of placenta and umbilical cord (UC), between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non- GDM pregnancies. METHODS: In this prospective study, 222 parturients were recruited (117 GDM and 105 non-GDM). GDM was confirmed at 24-28 weeks of gestation, using one-step strategy. A full record of demographic, laboratory, histologic and gross morphology data of placenta and UC was extracted and analyzed. RESULTS: Overall, 222 placentas/UCs met inclusion criteria. The mean (SD) of gestational age of GDM diagnosis was 20.68 (10.02) and the GDM duration was 16.76 (8.98) weeks. The mean HbA1C was 6.03 (0.41) % in the GDM group. The gross morphology findings including UC diameter and thick edematous UC differed significantly between two groups and more presented in GDM group, 1.41 (0.03) vs. 1.28 (0.03) centimeters; p-value = 0.006 and 34.19% vs. 16.19%; p-value = 0.002, respectively. The umbilical coiling index (UCI) was similar in two groups (p-value = 0.61). In the histological evaluation, persistence of central vessels differed significantly between two groups, more detected in non-GDM (47.62% vs. 32.97%; p-value = 0.04). No other significant histomorphological changes were detected between two groups. DISCUSSION: This study showed that gross morphologic features such as UC diameter increment and thick edematous UC happened more frequently, among the GDM parturients. Due to early diagnosis, diagnosis strategy, and optimal glycemic control, the histomorphological changes were less in GDM comparing of non-GDM group.
Pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of subsequent diabetes and metabolic syndrome (MS). The independent significance of overweight, often associated with GDM, is controversial. This study was aimed to investigate the prevalence of MS and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) values in normal and overweight women with previous insulin-treated GDM and control without GDM 19 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: The study group consisted of 61 women with prior GDM and 55 controls who gave birth in Oulu University Hospital between 1988 and 1993. These women were further divided into subgroups according to pre-pregnancy BMI (<25 or ≥25 kg/m(2)). In 2008-2010, anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured, blood samples were taken, and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed to investigate the components of MS. CIMT was measured by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Total prevalence of MS was 62% in the GDM group and 31% in the control group (P=0.001); it was highest (86%) in GDM women with pre-pregnancy overweight. CIMT was significantly thicker (0.67 vs 0.56 mm, P=0.007) and more often abnormal (71.7 vs 45.3%, P=0.004) in the GDM group compared with the controls. In logistic regression analysis, the strongest factor predicting MS in the whole study population was pre-pregnancy overweight. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-pregnancy overweight was the strongest predictive factor for later MS, whereas GDM indicated increased risk of subsequent diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis. The risk of MS was highest when both of these factors were present.
Association Analysis in Young and Middle-Aged Mothers-Relation between Expression of Cardiovascular Disease Associated MicroRNAs and Abnormal Clinical Findings.; The principal goal of the study was to map common postpartal alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases induced by most frequently occurring pregnancy-related complications (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth). In addition, the association analyses between individual abnormal clinical findings (overweight/obesity, central obesity, hypertension, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, actual hormonal contraceptive use, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, actual smoking status, increased serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol, LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein A, CRP (C-reactive protein), and uric acid, and increased plasma levels of homocysteine) and microRNA expression levels were performed in mothers with respect/regardless to previous course of gestation. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth caused that a significant proportion of mothers (52.42% at 90.0% specificity) had substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might originate lifelong cardiovascular risk. 26 out of 29 tested microRNAs were up-regulated in mothers with a history of such complicated pregnancies. MicroRNA expression profiles were also able to differentiate between mothers with normal and abnormal clinical findings (BMI (body mass index), waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, and the presence of trombophilic gene mutations) irrespective of previous course of gestation. The treatment of hypertension even intensified upregulation of some microRNAs (miR-24-3p, and miR-342-3p) already present in women after complicated pregnancies. Newly, the presence of overweight/obesity (miR-155-5p), systolic hypertension (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p), treatment for infertility (miR-155-5p), and treatment for hypertension (miR-210-3p) induced upregulation of several microRNAs. In general, mothers after complicated pregnancies are at increased risk of development of cardiovascular complications. Especially those mothers indicated to have postpartally altered microRNA expression profiles might be considered as a highly risky group that would benefit from dispensarization and implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring.; ABSTRACT: Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of disease burden globally with far-reaching consequences including enormous socio-economic burden to healthcare and society at large. Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function, healthy pregnancy and postpartum. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system is exposed to highly increased haemodynamic stress that significantly impacts health status of the mother and offspring. Resulting from sub-optimal maternal health conditions overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and postpartum. Contextually, there are two main concepts to follow in the framework of predictive, preventive and personalised medicine, namely to develop:1. advanced screening of sub-optimal health conditions in young populations to predict and prevent individual health risks prior to planned pregnancies2. in-depth companion diagnostics during pregnancy to predict and prevent long-lasting postpartum health risks of the mother and offspring.Data collected in the current study demonstrate group-specific complications to health of the mother and offspring and clinical relevance of the related phenotyping in pre-pregnant mothers. Diagnostic approach proposed in this study revealed its great clinical utility demonstrating important synergies between cardiovascular maladaptation and connective tissue dysfunction. Co-diagnosed pre-pregnancy low BMI of the mother, connective tissue dysfunction, increased stiffness of peripheral vessels and decreased blood pressure are considered a highly specific maternal phenotype useful for innovative screening programmes in young populations to predict and prevent severe risks to health of the mother and offspring. This crucial discovery brings together systemic effects characteristic, for example, for individuals with Flammer syndrome predisposed to the phenotype-specific primary vascular dysregulation, pregnancy-associated risks, normal tension glaucoma, ischemic stroke at young age, impaired wound healing and associated disorders. Proposed maternal phenotyping is crucial to predict and effectively protect both the mother and offspring against health-to-disease transition. Pre-pregnancy check-up focused on sub-optimal health and utilising here described phenotypes is pivotal for advanced health policy. PLAIN ENGLISH ABSTRACT: Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function and healthy pregnancy. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system may demonstrate health-to-disease transition relevant for the affected mother and offspring. Overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and lifelong. Here we co-diagnosed maternal pre-pregnancy low bodyweight with systemic effects which may increase risks of pregnancy, eye and heart disorders and ischemic stroke at young age, amongst others. Innovative screening  programmes focused on sub-optimal health in young populations to predict and to mitigate individual health risks prior to pregnancy is an essential innovation for health policy proposed.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Are Associated with Reduced Coronary Flow Reserve in Women With Signs and Symptoms of Ischemia Without Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Report from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction Study.; Background: We assessed history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction (WISE-CVD) cohort of women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that women with CMD with symptoms and signs of ischemia, without obstructive CAD, are more likely to have a history of APO. Materials and Methods: WISE-CVD recruited women with suspected ischemia found to have no obstructive CAD (n = 324). A subset of these women underwent coronary reactivity testing, including coronary flow reserve (CFR) (n = 185). Relationship between history of any APO and CMD was assessed by multivariable linear regression analyses. APOs included any of the following: hypertension during pregnancy, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or intrauterine growth restriction (low-birth-weight child). Results: Overall, 79/324 (24%) women reported at least one APO. Women with APOs were younger (52 vs. 56 years, p = 0.001), were more likely obese (body mass index 32 vs. 29 kg/m(2), p = 0.004), and had a history of hypertension (56% vs 36%, p = 0.002), but otherwise had no additional differences in cardiac risk variables versus women without APOs. Among the subgroup who underwent invasive CFR testing (n = 185), those with an APO had lower CFR (2.53 vs. 2.76, p = 0.016) versus those without APO. Conclusions: History of APOs in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD is associated with lower CFR indicative of CMD. Whether common pathways involving diffuse microvascular dysfunction may account for this suggested association remains unclear. Further investigation is needed to expand on these exploratory findings.
Gestational diabetes mellitus impairs Nrf2-mediated adaptive antioxidant defenses and redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in utero.; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life, yet the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. We examined the effects of GDM on the proteome, redox status, and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-mediated antioxidant gene expression in human fetal endothelial cells. Proteomic analysis revealed that proteins involved in redox homeostasis were significantly altered in GDM and associated with increased mitochondrial superoxide generation, protein oxidation, DNA damage, and diminished glutathione (GSH) synthesis. In GDM cells, the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) failed to induce nuclear Nrf2 accumulation and mRNA and/or protein expression of Nrf2 and its target genes NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), Bach1, cystine/glutamate transporter, and glutamate cysteine ligase. Although methylation of CpG islands in Nrf2 or NQO1 promoters was unaltered by GDM, decreased DJ-1 and increased phosphorylated glycogen synthase kinase 3β levels may account for impaired Nrf2 signaling. HNE-induced increases in GSH and NQO1 levels were abrogated by Nrf2 small interfering RNA in normal cells, and overexpression of Nrf2 in GDM cells partially restored NQO1 induction. Dysregulation of Nrf2 in fetal endothelium may contribute to the increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in offspring.
Spontaneous Dissection of the Coronary Vessels. Epidemiological and Coronary Angiographic Study.; INTRODUCTION: Spontaneous dissection of the coronary arteries is relatively rare and usually does not affect life expectancy. However specific types have been implicated to episodes of sudden cardiac death and myocardial ischemia. The recognition of both clinical and imaging characteristics contributes to appropriate decision and patient management. AIM: The aim of the study is the epidemiological and Coronary Angiographic (CA) estimation of patients with spontaneous dissection of the coronary arteries, who were hospitalized in the cardiology department with Acute Coronary Syndrome or were submitted to coronary angiographic examination in the laboratory. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The epidemiological, clinical and angiographic data of 31 patients who were hospitalized in our department and suffered from spontaneous dissection of the coronary vessels were studied retrospectively. RESULTS: In 31 patients (11 men and 20 women, mean age 52.8+18.6 years) who were hospitalized for acute coronary syndrome (ACS), spontaneous dissection of coronary arteries was detected. Precipitating factors were hypertension in 12 patients (38.71%), dyslipidemia in 13 patients (42%) and smoking in 17 patients (54.84%). Among the women, 13 (65%) had a history of hypertension in pregnancy, preeclampsia or/and gestational diabetes. In 8 patients, the coronary angiography showed multivessel disease, while in 12 patients there were no significant lesions in the coronary vessels. Fourteen women (70%) reported a history of depression compared to none in men. CONCLUSION: The incidence of spontaneous dissection of the coronary vessels in this sample of patients from northern Greece is similar to that of the other centers. The incidence is greater in females with hormonal changes and depression. In a large number there were no significant atherosclerotic lesions.
[Neonatal meningitis: related features].; OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to identify and to analyze the features related to the occurrence of neonatal meningitis. METHOD: In a case-control study we examined all newborns presenting meningitis between August/2002 and December/2003 in the neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Healthy newborns were enrolled as a Control Group (CG). Data related to pregnancy, labor and the neonate itself were collected. The results with p<0.05 were considered significant. RESULTS: 42 newborns with meningitis were compared to 42 controls. The meningitis group (MG) presented a lower number of medical visits during the prenatal care. The most common abnormalities detected in both groups were: drug addiction, congenital infections, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and urinary tract infections. Fetal respiratory distress and the use of respiratory support were related to the occurrence of meningitis. The average weight and the APGAR scores were lower in the MG. The prevalence of premature and small for the gestational age infants was significantly higher in the MG. The neurological examination detected abnormalities in 35.7% of the meningitis cases. CONCLUSION: The association of risk factors related to pregnancy, labor and the newborn itself to the neonatal meningitis outcome in our setting is similar to the described in the literature.
Effects of Sedentary Behavior on the Complications Experienced by Pregnant Women: A Systematic Review.; Pregnant women are encouraged to reduce sitting time and replace it with physical activity. Complications arising during pregnancy include gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and prenatal and postpartum depression. In this systematic review, we examined effects of sedentary behavior on the health of pregnant women. We conducted a systematic review with PubMed from year 2000 to identify the relationship between a sedentary lifestyle and psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. Data extracted included sedentary time of pregnant women, psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia as outcomes. Among the 200 studies retrieved, 11 were finally included after screening. The mean age of eligible pregnant women ranged from 28.5 to 32.9 years. Five studies were extracted with outcomes of psychological effects on the mother, five with GDM, and one with gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Longer sedentary time was associated with increased risks of prepartum/postpartum depression in three of five studies and GDM in three of five studies. No association was found between sedentary behavior and the risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Higher sedentary behavior in the second trimester of pregnancy was likely to be associated with postpartum depression. Longer sitting time may increase the risk of prenatal or postnatal depression and GDM, but no relationship was proven for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in one study. High sedentary behavior in the second trimester may have psychological impacts. The number of studies was small and further research is needed to statistically evaluate impacts of sedentary behavior during pregnancy.
Adipokines in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review of Clinical Data.; Adipokines are signaling proteins involved in metabolic, endocrinological, vascular and immunogenic processes. Associations of various adipokines with not only insulin resistance but also with increased insulin sensitivity, increased systolic blood pressure, and atherosclerosis highlight the significance of adipokines in several components of metabolic syndrome and metabolic diseases in general. As pregnancy presents a unique metabolic state, the role of adipokines in pregnancy, and even in various pregnancy complications, appears to be key to elucidating these metabolic processes. Many studies in recent years have attempted to clarify the role of adipokines in pregnancy and gestational pathologies. In this review, we aim to investigate the changes in maternal adipokine levels in physiological gestation, as well as the association of adipokines with pregnancy pathologies, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE). Furthermore, we will analyze the association of adipokines in both maternal serum and cord blood with parameters of intrauterine growth and various pregnancy outcomes.
Inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Stress and depression have been reported in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Though inflammation and oxidative stress are associated with depression, there are no reports of link of cardiometabolic risks (CMR) to stress and depression in GDM. Normal pregnant women (control group, n = 164) and women with GDM (study group, n = 176) at 36th week of gestation were recruited for the study. Blood pressure (BP), body composition, heart rate variability (HRV), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), markers of insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, were assessed. Perceived stress score (PSS), quality of life (QoL) scale, Indian diabetic risk score (IDRS) and Edinburg postnatal depression score (EPDS) were assessed. Association of potential contributors to PSS and EDPS were assessed by correlation and regression analyses. There was significant increase in PSS, EPDS, IDRS scores, HbA1C, malondialdehyde (MDA) (oxidative stress marker) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 (inflammatory markers), and significant decrease in total power (TP) of HRV (marker of cardiovagal modulation), QoL and nitric oxide (endothelial dysfunction marker) in study group compared to control group. Though many cardiometabolic risk parameters were correlated with PSS and EPDS, the significant independent association was observed for TP, HbA1C, MDA and interleukin-6. However, interleukin-6 had maximum contribution to PSS (β = 0.550, p < 0.001) and EPDS (β = 0.393, p < 0.001) as demonstrated by multiple regression analysis. Inflammation, oxidative stress, glycation status and decreased cardiovagal modulation are associated with stress and depression at 36th week of gestation in GDM.
Moderate Hypoxia Exhibits Increased Endothelial Progenitor Vessel-forming Ability However Gestational Diabetes Caused to Impede Compensatory Defense Reaction.; Endothelium represents a defense barrier and responds and integrates neuro humoral stimulus which describes as a compensatory mechanism. Endothelium formed with endothelial cells (ECs) and their progenitors. Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) represent minor subpopulation of mononuclear cells in the blood. During acute hypoxia, larger amount of EPCs mobilize into the peripheral blood and they directly contribute revascularization process. One of the subtypes of EPC is termed endothelial colony forming cells (ECFCs) which they possess de novo vessel-forming ability. The present study aims to investigate the role of hypoxia in EPCs functional and vessel-forming ability. Furthermore, it was investigated whether fetal exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment influence EPCs adaptation ability. Human umbilical cord blood (HUCB) derived ECFCs were selected in all experimental procedures obtained from normal and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects via in vitro cell culture methods. Early passage (<5) HUCB ECFCs obtain from GDM (n; 5) and control (n; 5) subjects were cultured with plates pre-coated with collagen in vitro 72 h hypoxic as well as normoxic condition. Endothelial, angiogenic and hypoxia associated gene specific primers designed to perform Real-time PCR. Senescenes assay conducted onto HUCB ECFCs to investigate their functional clonogenic ability. To quantify their vessel forming ability matrigel assay was applied. These data demonstrates that moderate hypoxia results increased vessel-forming ability and VEGFA expression in HUCB ECFCs obtained from control subjects. However, GDM caused to impede compensatory defense reaction against hypoxia which observed in control subjects. Thus, it illuminates beneficial information related future therapeutic modalities.
Gestational diabetes mellitus.; Hyperglycaemia that develops during pregnancy and resolves after birth has been recognized for over 50 years, but uniform worldwide consensus is lacking about threshold hyperglycaemic levels that merit a diagnosis of 'gestational diabetes mellitus' (GDM) and thus treatment during pregnancy. GDM is currently the most common medical complication of pregnancy, and prevalence of undiagnosed hyperglycaemia and even overt diabetes in young women is increasing. Maternal overweight and obesity, later age at childbearing, previous history of GDM, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and ethnicity are major GDM risk factors. Diagnosis is usually performed using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), although a non-fasting, glucose challenge test (GCT) is used in some parts of the world to screen women for those requiring a full OGTT. Dietary modification and increased physical activity are the primary treatments for GDM, but pharmacotherapy, usually insulin, is used when normoglycaemia is not achieved. Oral hypoglycaemic agents, principally metformin and glibenclamide (glyburide), are also used in some countries. Treatment improves immediate pregnancy outcomes, reducing excess fetal growth and adiposity and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders. GDM increases the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease, in both the mother and infant. Optimal management of mother and infant during long-term follow-up remains challenging, with very limited implementation of preventive strategies in most parts of the world.
Adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in European ethnic minorities of Asian and African origin: a review.; BACKGROUND: Ethnic minorities in Europe have high susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and, in some groups, also cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pregnancy can be considered a stress test that predicts future morbidity patterns in women and that affects future health of the child. OBJECTIVE: TO REVIEW ETHNIC DIFFERENCES IN: 1) adiposity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy; 2) future risk in the mother of obesity, T2DM and CVD; and 3) prenatal development and possible influences of maternal obesity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia on offspring's future disease risk, as relevant for ethnic minorities in Europe of Asian and African origin. DESIGN: Literature review. RESULTS: Maternal health among ethnic minorities is still sparsely documented. Higher pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) is found in women of African and Middle Eastern descent, and lower BMI in women from East and South Asia compared with women from the majority population. Within study populations, risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considerably higher in many minority groups, particularly South Asians, than in the majority population. This increased risk is apparent at lower BMI and younger ages. Women of African origin have higher risk of pre-eclampsia. A GDM pregnancy implies approximately seven-fold higher risk of T2DM than normal pregnancies, and both GDM and pre-eclampsia increase later risk of CVD. Asian neonates have lower birth weights, and mostly also African neonates. This may translate into increased risks of later obesity, T2DM, and CVD. Foetal overgrowth can promote the same conditions. Breastfeeding represents a possible strategy to reduce risk of T2DM in both the mother and the child. CONCLUSIONS: Ethnic minority women in Europe with Asian and African origin and their offspring seem to be at increased risk of T2DM and CVD, both currently and in the future. Pregnancy is an important window of opportunity for short and long-term disease prevention.
Plasma adiponectin, insulin sensitivity, and subclinical inflammation in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. Because increased fat mass and inflammatory processes are angiopathic risk factors, the relationship between insulin sensitivity, parameters of subclinical inflammation, and plasma concentrations of adipocytokines was investigated in pGDM both at 3 months and 12 months after delivery. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Insulin sensitivity (through a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) and plasma concentrations of ultrasensitive C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, leptin, and interleukin-6 were measured in 89 pGDM (BMI 26.9 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2), age 32 +/- 0.5 years) and in 19 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) (23.7 +/- 0.9 kg/m(2), 31 +/- 1.3 years). RESULTS: pGDM showed lower (P < 0.0001) plasma adiponectin (6.7 +/- 0.2 microg/ml) than NGT (9.8 +/- 0.6 microg/ml) and a decreased (P < 0.003) insulin sensitivity index (S(i)) and disposition index (P < 0.03), but increased plasma leptin (P < 0.003), PAI-1 (P < 0.002), and CRP (P < 0.03). After adjustment for body fat mass, plasma adiponectin remained lower in pGDM (P < 0.004) and correlated positively with S(i) (P < 0.003) and HDL cholesterol (P < 0.0001) but negatively with plasma glucose (2-h oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT]) (P < 0.0001), leptin (P < 0.01), CRP (P < 0.007), and PAI-1 (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only HDL cholesterol, postload (2-h OGTT) plasma glucose, and S(i) remained significant predictors of plasma adiponectin, explaining 42% of its variability. Of note, adiponectin further decreased (P < 0.05) only in insulin-resistant pGDM despite unchanged body fat content and distribution after a 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Lower plasma adiponectin concentrations characterize women with previous GDM independently of the prevailing insulin sensitivity or the degree of obesity and are associated with subclinical inflammation and atherogenic parameters.
Conjoint Associations of Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension With Diabetes, Hypertension, and Cardiovascular Disease in Parents: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; The conjoint association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) with cardiometabolic disease has not been well studied. We evaluated a combined GDM/GH risk indicator in both mothers and fathers because of shared spousal behaviors and environments. In the present population-based retrospective cohort study, GH was identified in matched pairs of mothers with GDM or without GDM (matched on age group, health region, and year of delivery) who had singleton live births in Quebec, Canada (1990-2007). A total of 64,232 couples were categorized based on GDM/GH status (neither, either, or both). Associations with diabetes, hypertension, and a composite of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality were evaluated using Cox proportional hazard models (from 12 weeks postpartum to March 2012). Compared with having neither GDM nor GH, having either was associated with incident diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 14.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 12.9, 16.6), hypertension (HR = 1.9, 95% CI: 1.8, 2.0), and CVD/mortality (HR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.7). We found associations of greater magnitude among participants who had both (for diabetes, HR = 36.9, 95% CI: 26.0, 52.3; for hypertension, HR = 5.7, 95% CI: 4.9, 6.7; and for CVD/mortality, HR = 2.4, 95% CI: 1.6, 3.5). Associations with diabetes were also observed in fathers (for either, HR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1, 1.3; for both, HR = 1.8, 95% CI: 1.4, 2.3). In conclusion, we found associations of a combined GDM/GH indicator with cardiometabolic disease in mothers and with diabetes in fathers, with stronger associations when both GDM and GH were present.
Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Future Heart Disease.; Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in adult women. Beyond the traditional risk factors of obesity, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, women with the pregnancy complications of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, prematurity, and low birth weight for gestational age (fetal growth restriction) are at higher risk for later development of cardiovascular disease. Education of women and providers about the association of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease should begin in the postpartum period. Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening and lifestyle modifications should be considered standard of care and are essential to improving cardiac health as a preventive strategy.
Comprehensive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains the leading cause of mortality in women. Historically, medical research has focused on male patients, and subsequently, there has been decreased awareness of the burden of ASCVD in females until recent years. The biological differences between sexes and differences in societal expectations defined by gender roles contribute to gender differences in ASCVD risk factors. With these differing risk profiles, risk assessment, risk stratification, and primary preventive measures of ASCVD are different in women and men. In this review article, clinicians will understand the risk factors unique to women, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and those that disproportionately affect them such as autoimmune disorders. With these conditions in mind, the approach to ASCVD risk assessment and stratification in women will be discussed. Furthermore, the literature behind the effects of primary preventive measures in women, including lifestyle modifications, aspirin, statins, and anticoagulation, will be reviewed. The aim of this review article was to ultimately improve ASCVD primary prevention by reducing gender disparities through education of physicians.
Urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: its link with glycaemic status.; BACKGROUND: Micro-albuminuria has been established as a marker for micro-vascular disease. Spot urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), even in the high normal range, predicts future cardiovascular events. The value of UACR in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy is uncertain. AIM: The objectives of this study were to assess the associations between UACR (performed at the time of GDM diagnosis) and various maternal parameters and to evaluate its correlation with pregnancy outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of women with GDM who attended antenatal clinics at a single centre between March 2010 and September 2013. RESULTS: Among 1015 women included in this study, high UACR levels were associated with advancing maternal age, maternal obesity, gestational hypertension, elevated glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and high fasting glucose level. After adjustments for various maternal factors, only advancing age, HbA1c and fasting glucose level were associated with UACR. In terms of pregnancy outcomes, elevated UACR was not associated with adverse events, but was a predictor for pre-eclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: The finding that UACR was associated with glycaemic status in women with GDM suggests early micro-vascular disease may be present in women who had greater degree of hyperglycaemia. This raises the question of whether women with GDM and elevated UACR may be at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease in the future. Long-term follow-up of this subgroup of women would be worthwhile.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of subsequent pediatric cardiovascular diseases of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow up.; AIMS: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing worldwide. We aimed to study the effect of GDM on the risk for childhood cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. METHODS: A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing total and different subtypes of cardiovascular related pediatric diagnoses among offspring of mothers with GDM vs. offspring of mothers with no diabetes. The analysis included all singletons born between the years 1991-2014. Cardiovascular related morbidities included hospitalizations involving a pre-defined set of ICD-9 codes. Mothers with pregestational diabetes, Infants with congenital malformations, multiple gestations, and perinatal deaths were excluded from the analysis. A Cox proportional hazards model was constructed to adjust for confounders. RESULTS: The study population included 216197 newborns which met the inclusion criteria; among them 4.4% (9460) were born to mothers with GDM controlled by diet and exercise (GDM A1) and 0.3% (724) were born to mothers with GDM requiring oral treatment or insulin (GDM A2). A significant association was noted between GDM and the rate of cardiovascular related hospitalizations (0.97 for GDM A2 vs. 0.57 for GDM A1 vs. 0.33 for no GDM, respectively; p < 0.001). The association remained significant and independent for GDM A1 only while adjusting for relevant confounders [adjusted HR = 1.6 (1.2-2.2); p value 0.001]. CONCLUSIONS: A significant association is noted between the GDM and the rate of cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring. However, in our population GDM A1 is an independent risk factor for pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine metabolites in women with and without a history of gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Dysregulation of arginine metabolism, as evidenced by increased circulating levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), has been proposed as an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Since the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a patient population at increased future risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, we sought to characterize arginine metabolism in women with and without a history of recent GDM. METHODS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 225 women (72 who had GDM; 153 who did not) underwent cardiometabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test, at 1- and 3-years postpartum. Circulating ADMA and its stereoisomer symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) were measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry at both visits. RESULTS: Serum ADMA and SDMA were not significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups at either 1-year or 3-years postpartum. On multiple linear regression analyses, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (t=-2.62, p=0.009) and creatinine (t=-2.62, p=0.01) were independently associated with ADMA at 3-years, while creatinine (t=7.09, p<0.0001) and BMI (t=-2.24, p=0.026) predicted SDMA. CONCLUSION: Women with recent GDM do not exhibit altered serum concentrations of ADMA or SDMA at 1- and 3-years postpartum, suggesting that ADMA dysregulation is not a feature of their cardiometabolic profile in the early years after delivery.
Association of the Cerebro-Placental Ratio With Adverse Outcomes in Pregnancies Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) is a doppler tool contributes to clinical decision-making in pregnancies affected by small for gestational age weight (SGA). Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) tend to have higher newborn weight, but greater risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. We hypothesized that in GDM-complicated-pregnancies CPR will be associated with adverse perinatal outcomes even in the absence of SGA. METHODS: This prospective single-center cohort study included non-anomalous singleton pregnancies in women with GDM. Those with pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorder or suspected SGA were excluded. Routine fetal sonographic assessment included CPR-defined as middle cerebral artery pulsatilty index/umbilical artery pulsatilty index. Masked CPR measurement closest to birth was used, classified as >10th (normal) or ≤10th centile (low). Primary outcome was a composite, consisting of stillbirth, Caesarean birth due to abnormal fetal heart rate pattern, 5-minute Apgar <7, cord arterial pH < 7.0, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, or NICU admission >24 hours. RESULTS: Of 281 participants, 24 (8.5%) had low CPR, at a mean gestational age of 36.3 weeks (IQR 34.0-37.4). Birthweight percentile was significantly lower among the low CPR group (35th [IQR 16-31] versus 60th [IQR 31-82]; P = .002). There was no statistically difference in the primary composite outcome between the groups (8.3% versus 7.0%, P = .68). Low CPR was significantly associated with a higher risk of neonatal hypoglycemia (adjusted odds ratio 3.2, 95% CI 1.2-8.3). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies affected by GDM, CPR ≤10th percentile was not associated with adverse perinatal outcome but was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia.
Previous Gestational Diabetes Increases Atherogenic Dyslipidemia in Subsequent Pregnancy and Postpartum.; In a cohort of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to ascertain whether women with abnormal glucose tolerance 1-year postdelivery had a more atherogenic lipid profile during and after pregnancy than those with normal glucose tolerance. A prospective cohort study with longitudinal design between January 2004 and March 2016 was conducted. Three hundred and six (56.8%) of 537 women diagnosed with GDM during the studied period attended a control visit during the first year after delivery. Of these, 112 (36.6%) had prediabetes and 16 (5.2%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus. No significant differences during pregnancy were found in total, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triacylglycerol (TAG) concentrations among the three groups. Only HDL cholesterol and TAG levels differed significantly among groups at 2 and 12 months after delivery. Logistic regression analysis revealed pregnancy HDL and glucose metabolism status to be associated with the HDL cholesterol concentration 1-year postdelivery. Furthermore, the only independent factor associated with TAG levels 1 year after delivery was the gestational TAG concentration. In summary, an overweight multiethnic group of women with prior GDM presented a high incidence of postpartum dysglycemia (41.8%). HDL-cholesterol and TAG levels, both components of the metabolic syndrome, differed significantly among the three study groups in the glucose-metabolism status at 2 and 12 months after delivery. Women with previous GDM must be followed up in the postpartum period for early detection and management of lipid and glucose disorders.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Major risk factors and pregnancy-related outcomes: A cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy endocrine problem that has several confirmed risk factors and is associated with adverse pregnancy-related outcomes (PRO). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between GDM diagnosis and the associated risk factors of PRO (maternal, intrapartum, perinatal, and neonatal) in accordance with International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective cohort study was performed with 531 singleton parturient (265 GDM and 266 non-GDM). They were selected consecutively from referral hospitals, and the maternal, intrapartum, perinatal, and neonatal outcomes were assessed. RESULTS: The major risk factors influencing the GDM diagnosis were maternal age, obesity, family history of diabetes, previous history of GDM, and previous history of macrosomia. In the comparison of PRO between the groups, significant associations were detected for emergency cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, polyhydramnios, premature rupture of membrane, preterm delivery, and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in the GDM group. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, a previous history of stillbirth was significantly associated with maternal and perinatal outcomes. The odds ratios (CI 95%) of the PRO in the women with a GDM diagnosis were: maternal = 2.43 (1.51-3.90), intrapartum = 2.05 (1.35-3.11), perinatal = 2.00 (1.29-3.10), and neonatal = 1.68 (1.08-2.62). The PRO was significantly correlated with GDM diagnosis, but not with the risk factors. CONCLUSION: The adverse pregnancy outcomes were significantly correlated with GDM diagnosis, and the outcomes were not directly affected by the risk factors. Given the related adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring, early screening and management of GDM is necessary especially in Asians and in low-/middle-income countries.
Inflammatory indices-Systemic Immune-Inflammation Index (SII) and Systemic Inflammatory Response Index (SIRI)-during Pregnancy and Associations with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent complication during pregnancy. This study aimed to explore the associations between inflammatory indices during pregnancy and the development of GDM. METHODS: Data from the Fujian Birth Cohort Study between March 2019 and December 2022 were used. Participants who delivered a live-born singleton were included and categorized into GDM and non-GDM groups. Two inflammatory indices, the systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) and systemic inflammatory response index (SIRI), were calculated for each trimester of pregnancy via hematological parameters from complete blood count tests. The distributions of inflammatory indicators across trimesters were compared between the GDM and non-GDM groups. Additionally, multivariable logistic regression models were employed to investigate the associations between inflammatory indices and the incidence of GDM. RESULTS: A total of 17297 participants were included, 21.2% of whom were diagnosed with GDM. In the first trimester, the median SIIs for the GDM and non-GDM groups were 817.7×10(9)/L and 756.9×10(9)/L, respectively, whereas the median SIRIs were 1.6×10(9)/L and 1.5×10(9)/L, respectively. In both groups, the SII increased to its peak in the second trimester before declining, whereas the SIRI progressively increased throughout pregnancy. The SII and SIRI were greater in the GDM group than in the non-GDM group during the first two trimesters but lower in the third trimester. Nonlinear positive associations between first-trimester SII and SIRI levels and GDM were observed, with extreme quartile odds ratios of 1.32 (95% CI: 1.19, 1.48) and 1.39 (95% CI: 1.24, 1.55), respectively. CONCLUSION: The SII and SIRI increased and reached their peak values in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy, respectively. Elevated levels of the SII and SIRI in early pregnancy were linked to an increased risk of GDM, suggesting their potential utility as screening tools for GDM.
Proteinuria and venous thromboembolism in pregnancy: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and foetal outcomes. Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state, however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. METHODS: We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (≥16 years of age) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception (n = 306 244; mean age 29.8 years) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin:creatinine ratio ≥3 mg/mmol, urine protein:creatinine ratio ≥5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria ≥1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24-weeks post-partum. RESULTS: A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals, with a higher risk among women with positive proteinuria [32 events (0.38%)] compared with women without proteinuria [593 events (0.20%); inverse probability-weighted risk ratio 1.79 (95% confidence interval 1.25-2.57)]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high-risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE.
AMP-Activated Protein (AMPK) in Pathophysiology of Pregnancy Complications.; Although the global maternal mortality ratio has been consistently reduced over time, in 2015, there were still 303,000 maternal deaths throughout the world, of which 99% occurred in developing countries. Understanding pathophysiology of pregnancy complications contributes to the proper prenatal care for the reduction of prenatal, perinatal and neonatal mortality and morbidity ratio. In this review, we focus on AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) as a regulator of pregnancy complications. AMPK is a serine/threonine kinase that is conserved within eukaryotes. It regulates the cellular and whole-body energy homeostasis under stress condition. The functions of AMPK are diverse, and the dysregulation of AMPK is known to correlate with many disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, inflammatory disease, and cancer. During pregnancy, AMPK is necessary for the proper placental differentiation, nutrient transportation, maternal and fetal energy homeostasis, and protection of the fetal membrane. Activators of AMPK such as 5-Aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide (AICAR), resveratrol, and metformin restores pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm birth preclinically. We also discuss on the relationship between catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), an enzyme that metabolizes catechol, and AMPK during pregnancy. It is known that metformin cannot activate AMPK in COMT deficient mice, and that 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), a metabolite of COMT, recovers the AMPK activity, suggesting that COMT is a regulator of AMPK. These reports suggest the therapeutic use of AMPK activators for various pregnancy complications, however, careful analysis is required for the safe use of AMPK activators since AMPK activation could cause fetal malformation.
Predictors and risk factors of short-term and long-term outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring: Moving toward precision prognosis?; As part of the American Diabetes Association Precision Medicine in Diabetes Initiative (PMDI) - a partnership with the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) - this systematic review is part of a comprehensive evidence evaluation in support of the 2 (nd) International Consensus Report on Precision Diabetes Medicine. Here, we sought to synthesize evidence from empirical research papers published through September 1 (st) , 2021 to evaluate and identify prognostic conditions, risk factors, and biomarkers among women and children affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), focusing on clinical endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) among women with a history of GDM; and adiposity and cardiometabolic profile among offspring exposed to GDM in utero. We identified a total of 107 observational studies and 12 randomized controlled trials testing the effect of pharmaceutical and/or lifestyle interventions. Broadly, current literature indicates that greater GDM severity, higher maternal body mass index, belonging to racial/ethnic minority group; and unhealthy lifestyle behaviors would predict a woman's risk of incident T2D and CVD, and an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile among offspring. However, the level of evidence is low (Level 4 according to the Diabetes Canada 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines for diabetes prognosis) largely because most studies leveraged retrospective data from large registries that are vulnerable to residual confounding and reverse causation bias; and prospective cohort studies that may suffer selection and attrition bias. Moreover, for the offspring outcomes, we identified a relatively small body of literature on prognostic factors indicative of future adiposity and cardiometabolic risk. Future high-quality prospective cohort studies in diverse populations with granular data collection on prognostic factors, clinical and subclinical outcomes, high fidelity of follow-up, and appropriate analytical approaches to deal with structural biases are warranted.
Inflammatory markers in women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for both Type 2 diabetes (DM2) and insulin-resistance syndrome (IRS). C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen and leukocyte count are increased in the IRS and predict DM2 and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The chemochine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2) is also elevated in DM2 and CVD. Recent evidence suggests a relation between chronic inflammation and GDM, but post-delivery information on inflammatory markers in these high-risk women is lacking. Serum levels of CRP, fibrinogen, MCP-1/ CCL2, and leukocyte blood count have been assessed in 26 women with and 26 women without a recent history of GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI), post-partum duration and parity. DM2 was excluded in all the participants by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Women with previous GDM showed significantly higher CRP (p=0.007) and fibrinogen (p=0.02) serum concentrations, whereas MCP-1/CCL2 serum levels and leukocyte blood count were comparable in the two groups. Overall, CRP levels significantly correlated with BMI (r=0.40, p=0.03), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (r=0.44, p=0.001), fasting insulin (r=0.27, p=0.04), insulin-resistance assessed by means of the homeostatic model (HOMA) (r=0.28, p=0.04), and fibrinogen concentration (r=0.49, p=0.0001). At linear regression analysis, only WHR and fibrinogen were independently associated with CRP levels. In conclusion, the increase of inflammatory markers may be one of the first detectable disorders in healthy women at high risk of DM2 and IRS, like those with a GDM history.
Vitamin D supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial.; PURPOSE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or obesity are vulnerable to impaired gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. It is unclear if prenatal vitamin D supplementation improves gestational CVH, especially in women at high risk for developing CVD. Our goal was to find out if vitamin D supplementation could protect against gestational CVH, including the women with GDM or obesity. DESIGN: We randomly assigned women with a serum 25(OH)D concentration < 75 nmol/L to receive 1600 IU/d (intervention group) or 400 IU/d (control group) of vitamin D3 for two months at 24-28 weeks' gestation. The primary outcome was gestational CVH marks (lipids, inflammatory cytokines, endothelial function). RESULTS: There were 1537 participants divided into the intervention (N = 766) and control groups (N = 771). No baseline differences existed among study groups in CVH markers. At the two-month visit, the intervention group's HDL-C levels (2.01 ± 0.39 VS 1.96 ± 0.39 mmol/L) were significantly higher than those of the control group, while the hs-CRP levels were significantly lower (3.28 ± 2.02 VS 3.64 ± 2.42 mg/L). Subgroup analysis found that HDL-C, TC, hs-CRP, E-Selectin, and SBP were improved in the intervention group among women with GDM or overweight/obesity, and the improvement was not found in women without GDM or overweight/obesity. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased the mean triglyceride-glucose index at the two-month visit in women with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Vitamin D supplementation at mid-gestation might optimize the gestational CVH status for pregnant women, particularly the women with GDM or obesity, which is advantageous for later-life primary prevention of CVD. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100051914, 10/9/2021, Prospective registered, https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=134700 ).
Association Analysis in Children Born from Normal and Complicated Pregnancies-Cardiovascular Disease Associated microRNAs and the Incidence of Prehypertension/Hypertension, Overweight/Obesity, Valve Problems and Heart Defects.; The goal was to assess how a history of any kind of pregnancy-related complication altered expression profile of microRNAs played a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in the peripheral blood leukocytes of children at the age of 3-11 years. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes or spontaneous preterm birth causes that a significant proportion of children (57.42% to 90.0% specifically) had a substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might be the origin of a lifelong cardiovascular risk. A total of 23 out of 29 tested microRNAs were upregulated in children born from such complicated gestation. The occurrence of overweight, obesity, valve problems and heart defects even intensified upregulation of microRNAs already present in children exposed to such pregnancy complications. The occurrence of overweight/obesity (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p) and valve problems or heart defects (miR-342-3p) induced microRNA upregulation in children affected with pregnancy complications. Overall, 42.86% overweight/obese children and 27.36% children with valve problems or heart defects had even higher microRNA levels than children with normal clinical findings after complicated pregnancies. In addition, the microRNA expression profile was also able to differentiate between children descending from normal gestation in relation to the occurrence of overweight and obesity. Screening on the base of the combination of 19 microRNAs identified 70.0% overweight/obese children at 90.0% specificity. In general, children after complicated pregnancies, just as children after normal pregnancies, with abnormal findings are at a higher risk of the onset of cardiovascular complications, and their dispensarization, with the aim to implement primary prevention strategies, would be beneficial.
A prospective study of dietary patterns, meat intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to prospectively examine whether dietary patterns are related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 13,110 women who were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and history of GDM. Subjects completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 1998 in the Nurses' Health Study II. Two major dietary patterns (i.e. 'prudent' and 'Western') were identified through factor analysis. The prudent pattern was characterised by a high intake of fruit, green leafy vegetables, poultry and fish, whereas the Western pattern was characterised by high intake of red meat, processed meat, refined grain products, sweets, French fries and pizza. RESULTS: We documented 758 incident cases of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, pre-pregnancy BMI and other covariates, the relative risk (RR) of GDM, comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of the Western pattern scores, was 1.63 (95% CI 1.20-2.21; p (trend)=0.001), whereas the RR comparing the lowest with the highest quintile of the prudent pattern scores was 1.39 (95% CI 1.08-1.80; p (trend)=0.018). The RR for each increment of one serving/day was 1.61 (95% CI 1.25-2.07) for red meat and 1.64 (95% CI 1.13-2.38) for processed meat. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings suggest that pre-pregnancy dietary patterns may affect women's risk of developing GDM. A diet high in red and processed meat was associated with a significantly elevated risk.
Increased fetal epicardial fat thickness: A reflecting finding for GDM and perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To study the value of fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in gestational diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy and its relationship with clinical parameters and perinatal outcomes. METHODS: A total of 80 participants, including 40 with diagnosed GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women, were included in the study. Demographic data were obtained from medical records. Sonographic examinations were performed, such as amniotic fluid value, fetal biometric measurements, and Doppler parameters of the umbilical artery. Fetal EFT values were measured at the free wall of the right ventricle using a reference line with echocardiographic methods. Correlation tests were performed to evaluate the relationship between fetal EFT and clinical and perinatal parameters. p < .05 were interpreted as statistically significant. RESULTS: The fetal EFT value was statistically higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p: .000). Spearman and Pearson correlation tests revealed statistically significant but weak positive correlations between fetal EFT value, 1-h 100-g OGTT, birth weight, and BMI (r: .198, p: .047; r: .395, p: .012; r: .360, p: .042, respectively). The optimal fetal EFT threshold for predicting GDM disease was found as 1.55 mm, with a specificity of 74.4% and sensitivity of 75.0%. Statistically significant differences between the two groups in umbilical artery Doppler resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI), and systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) were not found (p: .337; p: .503; p: .155;). BMI and amniotic fluid volume were higher in the GDM group compared to the control group (p: .009; p < .01). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that increased fetal EFT may occur as a reflection of changes in glucose metabolism in intrauterine life. Future studies with larger series, including the study of neonatal metabolic parameters, will contribute to the understanding of the importance of fetal EFT in determining the metabolic status of the fetus.
High Uric Acid Levels During Pregnancy Linked to Increased Risk for Future Atherosclerotic-Related Hospitalization.; The aim of this study was to examine the association between uric acid (UA) level during pregnancy and future maternal hospitalization for atherosclerotic-related morbidity. A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000 to 2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity at least 1 year after their last delivery (n=588) and controls (n=3645). The mean follow-up duration was 57.8±35.6 months and 77±43.4 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for hospitalizations. A significant linear association was documented between UA during pregnancy and long-term maternal-related atherosclerotic morbidity. A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for the confounders gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level, and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that UA ≥5.6 mg/dL during pregnancy remained independently associated with long-term total hospitalization (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.86; P<.001). High UA level during pregnancy may predict maternal atherosclerotic morbidity.
Pregnancy complications and later life women's health.; There has been increasing recognition of the association between various pregnancy complications and development of chronic disease in later life. Pregnancy has come to be regarded as a physiological stress test, as the strain it places on a woman's body may reveal underlying predispositions to disease that would otherwise remain hidden for many years. Despite the increasing body of data, there is a lack of awareness among healthcare providers surrounding these risks. We performed a narrative literature review and have summarized the associations between the common pregnancy complications including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, spontaneous preterm birth, stillbirth and miscarriage and subsequent development of chronic disease. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, spontaneous preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy loss and placental abruption are all associated with increased risk of various forms of cardiovascular disease. Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, early miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Pre-eclampsia, stillbirth and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and stillbirth are associated with increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Gestational diabetes is associated with postnatal depression, and also with increased risk of thyroid and stomach cancers. Stillbirth, miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of mental health disorders including depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorders. Counseling in the postnatal period following a complicated pregnancy, and advice regarding risk reduction should be available for all women. Further studies are required to establish optimal screening intervals for cardiovascular disease and diabetes following complicated pregnancy.
Feasibility of a Postpartum Web- and Phone-Based Lifestyle Program for Women with a History of Preeclampsia or Gestational Diabetes: A Pilot Intervention Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of preeclampsia (PE) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Increased awareness of pregnancy complications as early warning signs for CVD has called for postpartum primordial prevention strategies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of a postpartum web- and phone-based lifestyle program promoting healthy lifestyle behaviors to women after a pregnancy complicated by PE or GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Women with a validated history of PE or GDM were invited to participate in a nonrandomized pilot intervention study 3-12 months after delivery. The intervention was delivered over 6 months. All participants received tailored lifestyle counseling by a registered dietitian and access to information material on healthy lifestyle behaviors on the study's website. After inclusion, participants were invited to three study visits at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Feasibility outcomes included assessment of recruitment, retention, and acceptability. Secondary outcomes were changes in lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Of the 207 women invited, 44 were enrolled in the feasibility study and 40 women completed the intervention, corresponding to a recruitment rate of 21% and a retention rate of 91%. At the 3-month study visit, 94.6% of participants reported they had used the website. A total of 41.7% of the participants reported that they had achieved their personal goals during the intervention period. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggested the feasibility and potential acceptability of a web- and phone-based lifestyle intervention for mothers with recent PE or GDM. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, no. NCT03993145.
Association between gestational diabetes mellitus exposure and childhood adiposity is not substantially explained by offspring genetic risk of obesity.; AIM: To examine the extent to which offspring obesity-associated genetic risk explains the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood adiposity. METHODS: We studied 282 children aged 7-12 years who were enrolled in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study. A genetic risk score for BMI was calculated as the count of 91 established BMI-raising risk alleles. Multivariable linear and logistic regression models were used to estimate associations between the offspring genetic risk score and exposure to gestational diabetes and childhood adiposity (BMI and waist circumference), adjusting for clinical and demographic covariates. The contribution of offspring genetic risk to associations between maternal gestational diabetes and childhood outcomes was estimated by comparing the regression coefficients for the gestational diabetes variable in models with and without the genetic risk score. RESULTS: The offspring BMI genetic risk score was associated with childhood BMI (P = 0.006) and waist circumference (P = 0.02), and marginally with gestational diabetes (P = 0.05). Offspring BMI genetic risk did not contribute significantly to associations between gestational diabetes and childhood BMI [7.7% (95% CI -3.3, 18.8)] or waist circumference [5.8% (95% CI -3.1, 14.8); P = 0.2 for both]. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring obesity genetic risk does not explain a significant proportion of the association between gestational diabetes exposure and childhood adiposity. The association between gestational diabetes and childhood adiposity is probably explained through alternative pathways, including direct intrauterine effects or a shared postnatal environment.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Unveiling Maternal Health Dynamics from Pregnancy Through Postpartum Perspectives.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most frequent pregnancy-related medical issue and presents significant risks to both maternal and foetal health, requiring monitoring and management during pregnancy. The prevalence of GDM has surged globally in recent years, mirroring the rise in diabetes and obesity rates. Estimated to affect from 5% to 25% of pregnancies, GDM impacts approximately 21 million live births annually, according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF). However, consensus on diagnostic approaches remains elusive, with varying recommendations from international organizations, which makes the comparison between research complicated. Compounding concerns are the short-term and long-term complications stemming from GDM for mothers and offspring. Maternal outcomes include heightened cardiovascular risks and a notable 70% risk of developing Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) within a decade postpartum. Despite this, research into the metabolic profiles associated with a previous GDM predisposing women to T2D remains limited. While genetic biomarkers have been identified, indicating the multifaceted nature of GDM involving hormonal changes, insulin resistance, and impaired insulin secretion, there remains a dearth of exploration into the enduring health implications for both mothers and their children. Furthermore, offspring born to mothers with GDM have been shown to face an increased risk of obesity and metabolic syndrome during childhood and adolescence, with studies indicating a heightened risk ranging from 20% to 50%. This comprehensive review aims to critically assess the current landscape of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) research, focusing on its prevalence, diagnostic challenges, and health impacts on mothers and offspring. By examining state-of-the-art knowledge and identifying key knowledge gaps in the scientific literature, this review aims to highlight the multifaceted factors that have hindered a deeper understanding of GDM and its long-term consequences. Ultimately, this scholarly exploration seeks to promote further investigation into this critical area, improving health outcomes for mothers and their children.
Altered diastolic function in asymptomatic infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.; Left and right ventricular filling was studied prospectively in 50 full-term (39.4 +/- 1.3 wk) asymptomatic newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Their data were compared with those of 80 asymptomatic full-term (39.8 +/- 1.2 wk) infants who served as control subjects. Infants were examined in the immediate newborn period (less than 48 h) and then again at 2-4 and 6-9 wk. Although mean weight, length, and gestational age did not differ, the mean +/- SD left ventricular dimensions during diastole (1.73 +/- 0.15 vs. 1.81 +/- 0.18 cm, P = 0.007) and systole (1.22 +/- 0.15 vs. 1.31 +/- 0.17 cm, P = 0.004) were significantly lower in infants of mothers with GDM compared with control infants. Diastolic measurements suggested a shift from the early diastolic filling of the ventricle to the later period of atrial systole in infants of mothers with GDM. A lower initial one-third area fraction and a higher peak flow velocity and velocity time integral during atrial systole were noted at the mitral valve in infants of mothers with GDM. These changes had resolved by 2-4 wk of age. The altered diastolic filling patterns in infants of mothers with GDM indicate poor myocardial relaxation and/or decreased passive compliance of the ventricular myocardium. These alterations were observed in asymptomatic infants in the absence of left ventricular or septal hypertrophy. If exposed to significant stress such as asphyxia or sepsis, the observed myocardial dysfunction could lead to higher morbidity in these infants.
Insulin need in gestational diabetes is associated with a worse cardiovascular risk profile after pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes after pregnancy compared to mild GDM cases treated with medical nutrition treatment (MNT) alone. We aimed to compare levels of subclinical atherosclerosis markers in women with previous GDM treated with insulin and MNT alone. METHODS: Eighty-one women with previous GDM (45 treated with insulin, 36 treated with MNT) and 35 age-matched lean controls were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and lipids, circulating fibrinogen, CRP, PAI-1 and IL-6 levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. RESULTS: Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had significantly higher fasting glucose, plasma PAI-1 levels and carotid IMT compared to women treated with MNT alone. In multiple regression analysis, insulin need in pregnancy was associated with increased carotid IMT and plasma PAI-1 levels (corrected for age, BMI, postpartum duration, fasting glucose and lipids; model r(2)=0.132; beta=0.297, p=0.014 for carotid IMT; model r(2)=0.198; beta=0.345, p=0.003 for PAI-1). CONCLUSION: Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had a worse cardiovascular risk profile compared to mild GDM patients. An intensive preventive approach for cardiovascular disorders is particularly essential for this subgroup of women.
Serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein in pregnancy complications and correlation with markers of placental dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension), diabetes mellitus, and placental dysfunction confer an increased risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular disease. Preeclampsia is also associated with acute atherosis that involves lesions of uteroplacental spiral arteries, resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. Serum amyloid A1 is involved in hypercoagulability and atherosclerosis and may aggregate into amyloid-aggregations of misfolded proteins. Pregnancy zone protein may inhibit amyloid aggregation. Amyloid is involved in Alzheimer's disease and cardiovascular disease; it has been identified in preeclampsia, but its role in preeclampsia pathophysiology is unclear. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that serum amyloid A1 would be increased and pregnancy zone protein decreased in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and diabetic pregnancies and that serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein would correlate with placental dysfunction markers (fetal growth restriction and dysregulated angiogenic biomarkers) and acute atherosis. STUDY DESIGN: Serum amyloid A1 is measurable in both the serum and plasma. In our study, plasma from 549 pregnancies (normotensive, euglycemic controls: 258; early-onset preeclampsia: 71; late-onset preeclampsia: 98; gestational hypertension: 30; chronic hypertension: 9; diabetes mellitus: 83) was assayed for serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein. The serum levels of angiogenic biomarkers soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor were available for 547 pregnancies, and the results of acute atherosis evaluation were available for 313 pregnancies. The clinical characteristics and circulating biomarkers were compared between the pregnancy groups using the Mann-Whitney U, chi-squared, or Fisher exact test as appropriate. Spearman's rho was calculated for assessing correlations. RESULTS: In early-onset preeclampsia, serum amyloid A1 was increased compared with controls (17.1 vs 5.1 µg/mL, P<.001), whereas pregnancy zone protein was decreased (590 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.002). Pregnancy zone protein was also decreased in diabetes compared with controls (683 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.01). Serum amyloid A1 was associated with placental dysfunction (fetal growth restriction, elevated soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio). Pregnancy zone protein correlated negatively with soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio in all study groups. Acute atherosis was not associated with serum amyloid A1 or pregnancy zone protein. CONCLUSION: Proteins involved in atherosclerosis, hypercoagulability, and protein misfolding are dysregulated in early-onset preeclampsia and placental dysfunction, which links them and potentially contributes to future maternal cardiovascular disease.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk.; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors.
Pregnancy-associated cardiac dysfunction and the regulatory role of microRNAs.; Many crucial cardiovascular adaptations occur in the body during pregnancy to ensure successful gestation. Maladaptation of the cardiovascular system during pregnancy can lead to complications that promote cardiac dysfunction and may lead to heart failure (HF). About 12% of pregnancy-related deaths in the USA have been attributed to HF and the detrimental effects of cardiovascular complications on the heart can be long-lasting, pre-disposing the mother to HF later in life. Indeed, cardiovascular complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and peripartum cardiomyopathy have been shown to induce cardiac metabolic dysfunction, oxidative stress, fibrosis, apoptosis, and diastolic and systolic dysfunction in the hearts of pregnant women, all of which are hallmarks of HF. The exact etiology and cardiac pathophysiology of pregnancy-related complications is not yet fully deciphered. Furthermore, diagnosis of cardiac dysfunction in pregnancy is often made only after clinical symptoms are already present, thus necessitating the need for novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. Mounting data demonstrates an altered expression of maternal circulating miRNAs during pregnancy affected by cardiovascular complications. Throughout the past decade, miRNAs have become of growing interest as modulators and biomarkers of pathophysiology, diagnosis, and prognosis in cardiac dysfunction. While the association between pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications and cardiac dysfunction or HF is becoming increasingly evident, the roles of miRNA-mediated regulation herein remain poorly understood. Therefore, this review will summarize current reports on pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications that may lead to cardiac dysfunction and HF during and after pregnancy in previously healthy women, with a focus on the pathophysiological role of miRNAs.
Advice that includes food sources of unsaturated fat supports future risk management of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Abstract Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and heart disease than pregnant women without GDM. Advice given during the GDM pregnancy provides an opportunity to develop protective dietary patterns for the long-term management of this risk. Dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of type 2 DM support the inclusion of unsaturated fats, but food advice needs to target this outcome. The aim of this study was to compare the dietary intakes of women with GDM given general low-fat advice (control group) to women with GDM given the same advice with additional targets for food sources of unsaturated fats (intervention group). After approximately 6 weeks, the intervention group reported more ideal dietary fatty acid intakes than the control group, with polyunsaturated:saturated fat ratios of 1:1 and 0.4:1, respectively ( P < .001), assessed using repeated measures analysis of variance. These results confirm the need to include food sources of unsaturated fats in advice strategies to assure optimal protective eating habits in this at-risk group.
Optimizing Blood Glucose Control through the Timing of Exercise in Pregnant Individuals Diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of moderate intensity walking on postprandial blood glucose control for pregnant individuals with (GDM) and without gestational diabetes mellitus (NON-GDM). Using a randomized cross-over design, individuals completed 5 days of exercise (three 10-min walks immediately after eating (SHORT), or one 30-min walk (LONG) outside of 1 h after eating). These protocols were preceded and separated by 2-days of habitual exercise (NORMAL). Individuals were instrumented with a continuous glucose monitor, a physical activity monitor for 14-days, and a heart rate monitor during exercise. Participants completed a physical activity enjoyment scale (PACES) to indicate their protocol preference. The GDM group had higher fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose values compared to NON-GDMs across all conditions (effect of group, p = 0.02; p = 0.02; p = 0.03, respectively). Fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose were not influenced by the SHORT or LONG exercise (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Blood glucose values were higher among the GDM group for at least 1 h after eating, yet the exercise intervention had no effect on 1 or 2 h postprandial glucose values (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Physical activity outcomes (wear time, total activity time, and time spent on each intensity) were not different between the groups nor interventions (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05,). There were no differences between the groups or interventions for the PACES score (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05). To conclude, there were no differences between the groups or exercise protocols on blood glucose control. More research is warranted to elucidate higher exercise volumes in this outcome for individuals with GDM.
High prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy in Cape Town, South Africa.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence and associated cardiovascular risk factors 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy (HFDP) in Cape Town, South Africa. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were collected during the index pregnancy from all women diagnosed with HFDP at a major referral hospital in Cape Town. Participants were evaluated 6 years later using a cross-sectional study. At follow-up participants had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, fasting lipogram, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a fieldworker administered the questionnaire. We used the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome and individual risk factors. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model of insulin resistance. RESULTS: At follow-up 220 women were reviewed. Their mean age at follow-up was 37.2 (SD 6.0) years. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors was 60.9% (95% CI 54.3 to 67.2) for metabolic syndrome, 75% (95% CI 65.9 to 82.3) for insulin resistance, 62.3% (95% CI 55.6 to 68.5) for dysglycemia, 41.4% (95% CI 35.0 to 48.0) for raised blood pressure, and 74.6% (95% CI 683 to 79.9) for dyslipidemia. Women with diabetes in pregnancy compared with those with gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy had a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (74.3% vs 54.7%, p=0.010) and dysglycemia (88.6% vs 50.0%, p<0.001) at follow-up. Lower school education attainment, having a subsequent pregnancy, waist circumference at follow-up, and fasting blood glucose at HFDP diagnosis were associated with metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: We found a high prevalence of CVD risk factors in South African women within 6 years of HFDP, which highlights the need to develop and evaluate interventions optimizing the cardiometabolic health of this vulnerable group. The main limitations of our research are the lack of a comparative group of women without HFDP and that we did not assess for CVD risk factors before HFDP.
Aortic Stiffness and Cardiovascular Risk in Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to investigate indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, and arterial stiffness (as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV)), in women with and without a history of GDM, using both the old WHO and new IADPSG diagnostic criteria, at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Dyslipidemia and PWV were used as surrogate markers for CVD risk. The population-based prospective cohort included 300 women from the original STORK study. All participants had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and PWV analysis. Measurements were compared between those women who did and did not have GDM based on both the WHO and IADPSG criteria. We found that women with GDM based on the old WHO criteria had higher CVD risk at 5 years than those without GDM, with markedly elevated PWV and more severe dyslipidemia (higher triglycerides (TG)/HDL cholesterol ratio). After adjusting for known risk factors, the most important predictors for elevated PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio at 5-year follow-up were maternal age, BMI, GDM, systolic blood pressure, and indices of glucose metabolism in the index pregnancy. In conclusion, we found a higher risk for CVD, based on the surrogate markers PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio, at 5-year follow-up in women diagnosed with GDM in the index pregnancy when using the old WHO diagnostic criteria.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: the correlation between umbilical coiling index, and intrapartum as well as neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between the postnatal umbilical coiling index (pUCI), and intrapartum and neonatal outcomes in parturients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM. METHODS: An evaluation of the umbilical cords and pUCI of 117 neonates of GDM and 105 of non-GDM parturients were prospectively studied within 24 h after delivery. Furthermore, obstetric history, intrapartum and neonatal data were recorded. RESULTS: Premature rupture of membrane (PROM) (p = 0.001), emergency cesarean delivery (p = 0.01), spontaneous preterm delivery (p = 0.006), duration of hospital admission (p < 0.001), and congenital malformations (p = 0.03) were significantly higher in the GDM group. Moreover, pUCI had a significant association with large for gestational age (LGA) (p = 0.009), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (p = 0.04) in the GDM group. In addition, increment of pUCI had significant association with spontaneous preterm delivery in both groups (p = 0.002) (OR = 1.23). CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with spontaneous preterm delivery, PROM, emergency cesarean delivery, duration of hospital admission, and congenital malformations. Increase in pUCI could increase the rate of spontaneous preterm delivery in normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by GDM, as well as, the rate of LGA and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in GDM.
The Current and Potential Therapeutic Use of Metformin-The Good Old Drug.; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Fetal myocardial morphological and functional changes associated with well-controlled gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To make a global evaluation of the fetal myocardial changes in a well-controlled gestational diabetic population. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-four pregnant well-controlled diabetic patients were selected. Sixteen normal pregnancies were randomly collected as a control group. Measurements of morphological and functional myocardial parameters were performed. Data from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler data were obtained. RESULT: The thickness of the interventricular septum was increased in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). Tricuspid E/A index was the only functional parameter showing a significant variation, with lower values in diabetic pregnancies. Doppler parameters from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler waveforms were similar between groups. CONCLUSION: A tendency towards interventricular septum hypertrophy was observed even in well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. Mild hypertrophic cardiac changes were not associated with abnormal cardiac function or signs of left ventricular outflow obstruction, although minor changes in right ventricular diastolic function were recorded.
Consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. METHODS: MySweetHeart cohort study aimed to assess the effect of maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) on offsprings' cardiovascular health. Newborns underwent clinical and echocardiographic examinations between 2016 and 2020. RESULTS: Compared to mothers without GDM (n = 141), mothers with GDM (n = 123) were more likely to have had GDM in previous pregnancies and had higher weight, BMI, blood glucose, and HbA1c. Newborns of both groups showed similar clinical characteristics. Echocardiography was performed on the 3rd (interquartile range, IQR, 2nd-4th) day of life in 101 offsprings of mothers without and 116 offsprings of mothers with GDM. Left ventricular (LV) mass was similar. Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall (z-score +0.15, IQR -0.38/0.62, versus +0.47, IQR -0.11/+1.1, p = 0.004), a smaller end-systolic (1.3 mL, IQR 1.0-1.5 mL, versus 1.4 mL, IQR 1.2-1.8 mL, p = 0.044) but a similar end-diastolic LV volume. They also had shorter tricuspid valve flow duration and aortic valve ejection time, lower tricuspid E-wave and pulmonary valve velocities. CONCLUSIONS: Newborns of mothers with or without GDM had similar clinical characteristics and LV mass. However, some echocardiographic differences were detected, suggesting an altered myocardial physiology among infants of mothers with GDM. REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02872974). IMPACT: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are known to be associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. Clinical characteristics and estimated left ventricular (LV) mass were similar in children issued from mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM). Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall and a smaller end-systolic LV volume. Although LV mass is not different, myocardial physiology may be altered in these infants. Further studies should investigate the endothelial function of this population and the cardiovascular evolution of these children over time.
Maternal Weight Gain during Pregnancy and the Developing Autonomic Nervous System-Possible Impact of GDM.; OBJECTIVE: The intrauterine environment is known to affect the offspring's long-term risk for obesity and diabetes. Previous data show that maternal metabolism and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with fetal autonomic nervous system (ANS) function, which can be assessed with heart rate variability (HRV). We investigated whether this association is also present in 2-year-old children and addressed the impact of gestational diabetes (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We examined the 2-year-old offspring of mothers who had undergone a 5-point, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10-minute ECG was recorded, and time domain and frequency domain parameters were analyzed. Body composition was assessed using bioelectrical impedance testing. RESULTS: We examined 67 children (33 girls, 34 boys), 30 of whom were born to mothers with treated GDM and normoglycemic pregnancies (NGT), respectively. No differences were found between the groups with regard to birth weight, weight at the age of 2 years, and body fat content. We observed that GWG was associated with heart rate and HRV, indicating that children of mothers with low GWG had a lower parasympathetic tone. This association was detected in NGT-exposed-but not in GDM-exposed-children. HR and HRV correlated with body fat and fat-free mass in children from normoglycemic pregnancies only. CONCLUSION: We found that the impact of maternal GWG on offspring ANS function was missing in the presence of treated GDM. The balance of the ANS was related to offspring body composition in children from NGT pregnancies only. Our results suggest that maternal weight gain during pregnancy has a critical impact on the developing ANS, which might be disturbed in the presence of GDM.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms in diabetes mellitus.; The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), methionine synthase (MTR), and methionine synthase reductase (MTRR) are three regulatory enzymes in the folic acid (FA) cycle play a critical role in the balance of methionine and homocysteine. MTHFR and MTRR gene polymorphisms affect the biochemical activities of enzymes, impairing the remethylation of homocysteine to methionine. In 1972, severe MTHFR deficiency resulting in homocystinuria was first reported, suggesting MTHFR involvement in the disease. MTHFR C677T polymorphism can independently increase the risk of high homocysteine (HHcy) in plasma. Elevation of homocysteine levels could increase the risk of microvascular damage, thrombosis, heart disease, etc. Vascular complications were regarded as a leading major cause of diabetes mortality, and disability increases individual health and economic burden. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic inflammatory disease, and conventional medications do not provide a complete cure for diabetes. It was essential to identify other risk factors for the intervention and prevention of diabetes. MTHFR gene polymorphism is an emerging risk factor in diabetes. Recent studies have shown that polymorphisms of the MTHFR gene play a significant role in the pathophysiology of diabetes, including inflammation and insulin resistance. This review summarizes the association between MTHER gene polymorphism and diabetes.
Prevalence of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Fetuses of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes before Initiating Treatment.; Objective To evaluate the prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the beginning of the treatment. Methods A cross-sectional study was performed between July 1, 2013, and December 20, 2013, in a public maternity clinic in southern Brazil. The subjects were 63 fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes, with a single pregnancy and no other associated pathologies. We diagnosed HCM through a fetal echocardiography before treatment and evaluated the maternal and fetal characteristics. Results The average age of the pregnant women was 32.32 (±6.2) years, and the average gestational age at the time of the evaluation was 30.59 (±2.27) weeks. The interventricular septum thickness showed a standard deviation of more than two in 50.8% of the fetuses (95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 38.1-63.5%). The left ventricular wall thickness showed a standard deviation of more than 2 in 13 (20.6%) fetuses (95%CI: 11.1-30.2%). The HCM was confirmed in 54% of the fetuses (95%CI: 41.3-65.1%). The fetal abdominal circumference was normal in 46 (73%) fetuses, and 50% of these fetuses had HCM. Conclusion The prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in fetuses of pregnant women with GDM before treatment was of 54% (95%CI: 41.3-65.1%).
The risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: Tehran lipid and glucose study.; BACKGROUND: In 2013 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association released a guideline on the management of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) including a composite of death from CVD, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke (hard CVD). This guideline recommended a risk score that was calculated using pooled cohort equations (ASCVD-PCE). The guideline was updated in 2018/2019 and further risk discussion was suggested for deciding whether to continue or initiate statin therapy among non-diabetic individuals with ASCVD-PCE score ranged 5-20%. They recommended a risk discussion with considering risk enhancing factors (ASCVD-REFs) including family history of premature CVD, chronic kidney disease, triglycerides ≥ 175 mg/dl, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ≥ 160 mg/dl, metabolic syndrome (Mets), and for women premature menopause, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). In the current study, we aimed to examine the predictability of recommended ASCVD-REFs on incident hard CVD in non-diabetic individuals with LDL-C 70-189 mg/dl, with ASCVD-PCE risk 5-20% during 10 and 15-year follow-up. METHODS: Among a total of 3546 non-diabetic individuals aged 40-75 years, after excluding those with ASCVD-PCE score < 5% and ≥ 20% (n = 2342), 1204 individuals (women = 332) were included. The univariable and multivariable (further adjusted for ASCVD-PCE) Cox regression analysis were used to evaluate the association of each potential ASCVD-REFs with hard CVD. Additionnaly, the role of different components of Mets and a history of gestational diabetes (GDM)/macrosomia was also examined. The predictive ability of each significant ASCVD-REFs, then was evaluated by the discrimination accuracy and risk reclassification index. RESULTS: During the 10-year follow-up, 73 hard CVD events occurred. Although in univariable analysis, high blood pressure (BP) component of Mets, GDM/macrosomia, and HDP remained as significant ASCVD-REFs, in the multivariable analysis, only the history of HDP (5.35 (1.22-23.38)) and GDM/macrosomia (3.18 (1.05-9.65)) showed independent risks. During the 15-year follow-up, Mets (1.47 (1.05-2.06)) and its components of high waist circumference (1.40 (1.0-1.95)) and high BP (1.52 (1.07-2.15)) significantly increased the risk. These ASCVD-REFs did not improve discrimination or predictive ability. CONCLUSIONS: In a decade follow-up, only conditions specific for women and in longer follow-up, the presence of Mets perse, and its components of high WC and high BP were shown as significant ASCVD-REFs.
Genetic polymorphisms in neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes associated with pre-pregnancy obesity in gestational diabetes mellitus patients by using a stratification approach.; BACKGROUND: Certain candidate genes have been associated with obesity. The goal of this study is to determine the association between thirteen neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes and pre-pregnancy obesity among gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients using the stratification approach defined the Asian and International criteria-based body mass index (BMI). METHODS: This was a post-hoc case-control exploratory sub-analysis of a cross-sectional study among GDM women to determine which candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) related to neuroendocrine disorders may be associated with obesity. Factors were adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics and concurrent medical problems in this particular population. Pre-pregnancy BMI and concurrent medical profiles were obtained from maternal health records. Obesity is defined as BMI of ≥27.5 kg/m(2) for Asian criteria-based BMI and >30 kg/m(2) for International criteria-based BMI. Thirteen candidate genes were genotyped using Agena(®) MassARRAY and examined for association with pre-pregnancy obesity using multiple logistic regression analysis. The significant difference threshold was set at P value <0.05. RESULTS: Three hundred and twelve GDM women were included in this study; 60.9% and 44.2% of GDM patients were obese using Asian and International criteria-based BMI, respectively. GDM patients with AA or AG genotypes in specific SNP of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) (G > A in rs6265) are more likely to be obese (adjusted odd ratio =2.209, 95% CI, 1.305, 3.739, P=0.003) compared to those who carry the GG genotype in the SNP adjusted for parity, underlying with asthma, heart disease, anaemia, education background in the International criteria-based BMI stratification group. On the other hand, there were no associations between other candidate genes (NRG1, FKBP5, RORA, OXTR, PLEKHG1, HTR2C, LHPP, SDK2, TEX51, EPHX2, NPY5R and ANO2) and maternal obesity. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, BDNF rs6265 is significantly associated with pre-pregnancy obesity among GDM patients. The exact role of BDNF adjusted for diet intake and lifestyle factors merits further investigation.
Maternal hyperglycemia affects cell proliferation signalling and stromal organization in the prostate of neonatal and juvenile rat offspring.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication during pregnancy. It creates a hyperglycemic environment and impacts offspring development, increasing the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease. The impact of gestational diabetes on the prostates of adult offspring has already been described; however, it is not known whether these effects are due only to the maternal condition or whether the offspring develop them throughout life. This investigation evaluated the prostates of neonatal and juvenile offspring of hyperglycemic rats due to diabetes. Diabetes was induced with streptozotocin (50 mg/kg, ip) in pregnant Wistar rats and the prostates of 7- or 30-day-old pups from healthy (PC7, PC30) or diabetic (PD7, PD30) mothers were evaluated. We found reduced body weight in pups of PD7 and PD30 and prostate weight in PD30. Prostate branching was not affected, but a reduction in apoptotic levels was associated with impaired acinar bud canalization in neonates. Additionally, PD7 presented reduced ERK1/2 phosphorylation, cell proliferation and collagen, but fibroblasts were increased. In PD30, there was a reduction in the area of the secretory epithelium and stroma, but the luminal area was increased. Moreover, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, collagen and metalloproteinase 2 were decreased in these juvenile pups. These data indicate that maternal hyperglycemia inactivates an important cell proliferation signaling pathway in the prostate in the first postnatal days (which is restored in the juvenile period), but it was not sufficient to avoid epithelial and stromal atrophy. This effect on postnatal gland development may impact the reproductive capacity of the prostate in adult life.
Adherence to Treatment of Female Patients With Coronary Heart Disease After a Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to treatment is essential to prevent the progression of coronary heart disease (CHD), which is the most common cause of death among women. Coronary heart disease in women has special characteristics: the conventional risk factors are more harmful to women than men, accumulation of risk factors is common, and women have nontraditional risk factors such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, worse outcomes, higher incidence of death, and complications after percutaneous coronary intervention have been reported more often among females than among male patients. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to test a model of adherence to treatment among female patients with CHD after a percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: A cross-sectional, descriptive, and explanatory survey was conducted in 2013 with 416 patients with CHD, of which the 102 female patients were included in this substudy. Self-reported instruments were used to assess female patient adherence to treatment. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and a structural equation model. RESULTS: Motivation was the strongest predictor for female patients' perceived adherence to treatment. Informational support, physician support, perceived health, and physical activity were indirectly, but significantly, associated with perceived adherence to treatment via motivation. Furthermore, physical activity was positively associated with perceived health, whereas anxiety and depression were negatively associated with it. CONCLUSIONS: Secondary prevention programs and patient education have to take into account individual or unique differences. It is important to pay attention to issues that are known to contribute to motivation rather than to reply on education alone to improve adherence.
Previous Pre-Eclampsia, Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension Place Women at High Cardiovascular Risk: But Do We Ask?; BACKGROUND: Women who experience vascular complications of pregnancy, including pre-eclampsia, hypertension and diabetes, are at increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Yet patients and their medical providers have low awareness of the significance of these 'non-traditional' cardiovascular risk factors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and medical provider awareness of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in women with CAD. METHODS: Women aged 18-70 years treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) across three tertiary hospitals were invited to participate in a pregnancy-related telephone interview at 12 months post-PCI. Electronic medical records (EMR) were retrospectively reviewed for documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in the 12 months prior to, and including, the PCI admission. RESULTS: A total of 102 women (mean age 59.8±7.7 years) underwent PCI for CAD and completed the pregnancy history questionnaire. Approximately three-quarters (73.5%, 75/102) of women had been pregnant, of which 25.3% (19/75) had experienced vascular complications consisting of pre-eclampsia 31.5% (6/19), gestational diabetes 36.8% (7/19), and gestational hypertension 73.6% (14/19). Documentation of traditional CVD risk factors occurred in 209/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact (99.1%), while documentation of 'non-traditional' pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors occurred in 0/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact. CONCLUSION: More than a quarter of women treated with PCI for CAD had experienced a past pregnancy-related vascular complication. Despite vascular complications of pregnancy predicting future CAD, medical providers were not obtaining a history of these 'non-traditional' cardiovascular risk factors.
Detection of Cardiac Functions of Fetus with Diabetic Metabolic Disease through PEG-PCLNano Micelle and Ultrasound Technique.; The study was to probe into the application of ultrasound technique in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and research the progress of PEG-PCL nano micelle and ultrasound technique. METHOD: 210 patients with a singleton pregnancy fetus, who received the fetal echocardiography in Yuhang District First People's Hospital from March 2019 to March 2020, were selected as the subjects, including 101 fetuses who were confirmed as gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), and 109 normal fetuses (control group). The ultrasound cardiogram technique was employed to detect the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, mitral/tricuspid annular displacement, left/right TEI indexes, and so on. The mean value of three cardiac cycles was taken as the test results. Finally, SPSS17.0 software was applied to the analysis of data. The nano micelle was made from the amphiphilic block copolymers (PEG-PCL) using the dialysis method/solvent evaporation method. The nanoscale ultrasound contrast agent was prepared from Decafluoropentane which was imaging gas. The characterizations were studied using the optical microscope, and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The temperature sensitivity and ultrasound sensitivity of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent were analyzed with the particle size as the evaluation index. The in-vitro ultrasound contrast experiment was conducted to study the contrast-enhanced effect. RESULTS: The fetal Tei index of the case group was higher than that of the control group, of which P<0.05 had statistical significance. However, the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, Em, Am, and Em/Am of mitral/tricuspid annular were not significantly different from those of the control group (P>0.05). The nano ultrasonic contrast agent prepared through the ultrasonic injection method had a uniform particle size and a hollow shell-core structure under an electron projection microscope. The particle size of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent varied with temperature, and its microbubbles were generated under ultrasonic conditions. As compared with the blank degassed water group, a real linear echo appeared inside the contrast agent group, with small and even echo spots. The back echo remained with no obvious attenuation and lasted for a longer period. However, the blank degassed group had no distinct echo intensity and spot. CONCLUSION: PEG-PCL nano-ultrasound contrast agent achieved an excellent imaging effect; there was no obvious change to heart function and structure of the fetus, when gestational diabetes pregnant had blood sugar perfectly controlled, however, the fetus's heart function may change in the last trimester.
Computerized cardiotocography in singleton gestations with diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of computerized cardiotocography (C-CTG) in women with diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women with diabetes mellitus referred to University of Naples Federico II from January 2018 to January 2020 for antenatal monitoring. Only women who underwent antenatal monitoring with C-CTG were included in the study. For the purpose of this study only the C-CTG recorded at the time of outpatient admission were analyzed. Women were divided into four groups: 1) women with diabetes mellitus type 1; 2) women with diabetes mellitus type 2; 3) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); 4) control group without diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome of the study was the C-CTG short term variability (STV). RESULTS: A total of 298 patients were included in the study, 89 with type 1 diabetes (group 1), 27 with type 2 diabetes (group 2), 77 with GDM (group 3) and 105 controls (group 4). Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes both Type 1 and 2 compared to gestational diabetes and physiological pregnancies. The parameters of STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes, both Type 1 and 2, compared to gestational diabetes and controls. STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4.
Arterial stiffness in fertile women with metabolic syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Although metabolic syndrome (MetS) is evidently associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), recently its use has been questioned. We studied the utility of MetS diagnosis when estimating individual CVD risk. METHODS: We compared 27 fertile women with MetS and 27 counterparts without the syndrome, matched pairwise according to well-known risk factors of CVD. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) and central blood pressure (cBP) were determined noninvasively via a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured noninvasively with an HDI/PulseWave(TM)CR-2000 arterial tonometer. RESULTS: PWV (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 6.5 ± 1.1 m/s, p = .037), and both systolic (120.9 ± 12.2 versus 111.5 ± 16.0 mmHg, p = .031) and diastolic cBP (81.3 ± 8.5 versus 74.1 ± 11.2 mmHg, p = .035) were higher in the MetS group. Systemic arterial compliance values were lower in both large (15.1 ± 8.0 versus 16.1 ± 4.4 mL/mmHg × 10, p = .034) and small arteries (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 9.3 ± 3.2 mL/mmHg ×100, p = .010) in women with MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Fertile women with MetS had increased arterial stiffness, as measured by three different methods. Our results highlight the utility of MetS when revealing increased individual CVD risks in fertile-aged women. Key messages Women with MetS have increased arterial stiffness when measured by different methods. MetS is a useful clinical tool to assess increased cardiovascular risk, particularly among fertile-aged women.
Cardiovascular disease: screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman.; Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c)>130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG)>or=150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c)<or=50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity.
The etiology of preeclampsia.; Preeclampsia is one of the "great obstetrical syndromes" in which multiple and sometimes overlapping pathologic processes activate a common pathway consisting of endothelial cell activation, intravascular inflammation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article reviews the potential etiologies of preeclampsia. The role of uteroplacental ischemia is well-established on the basis of a solid body of clinical and experimental evidence. A causal role for microorganisms has gained recognition through the realization that periodontal disease and maternal gut dysbiosis are linked to atherosclerosis, thus possibly to a subset of patients with preeclampsia. The recent reports indicating that SARS-CoV-2 infection might be causally linked to preeclampsia are reviewed along with the potential mechanisms involved. Particular etiologic factors, such as the breakdown of maternal-fetal immune tolerance (thought to account for the excess of preeclampsia in primipaternity and egg donation), may operate, in part, through uteroplacental ischemia, whereas other factors such as placental aging may operate largely through syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article also examines the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with preeclampsia. The role of autoimmunity, fetal diseases, and endocrine disorders is discussed. A greater understanding of the etiologic factors of preeclampsia is essential to improve treatment and prevention.
Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death in women and defining its risk factors is necessary to reduce its prevalence. A history of preeclampsia is shown to be associated with hypertension and alterations in left ventricular (LV) diastolic function parameters. Because of overlapping mechanisms between preeclampsia and spontaneous preterm birth (SPTB), our most recent study investigated the association between SPTB and hypertension, and found an almost 2 times higher prevalence of hypertension after SPTB. No previous studies have focused on the association between SPTB and LV diastolic function. The aim of this study is to investigate LV diastolic function as potential early parameter of CVD in women with a history of SPTB. STUDY DESIGN: We included cases with a history of SPTB between 22 and 37 weeks and controls who had a term birth. Women with hypertensive disorders or gestational diabetes in any of their pregnancies, were excluded. Both groups underwent cardiovascular risk assessment and transthoracic echocardiography 9 to 16 years after pregnancy. Echocardiographic measures were adjusted using a linear regression analysis accounting for hypertension and other risk factors known to be associated with CVD. A subgroup analysis was performed based on hypertension at follow-up. RESULTS: A total of 94 cases and 94 controls were included, on average 13 years after pregnancy. There were no significant differences in LV diastolic function parameters. Women with a history of SPTB and diagnosed hypertension at follow-up, showed significant higher late diastolic mitral flow velocity, lower e'septal velocity and higher E/e'ratio, compared to women with a history of SPTB without hypertension, although within normal ranges. CONCLUSIONS: When a history of SPTB is accompanied by hypertension at follow-up, significant changes in LV diastolic function were seen. Therefore, hypertension is the central factor in preventive screening methods, and transthoracic echocardiography has no additional value at this follow-up duration.
Complex and irregular heart rate dynamics in fetuses compromised by maternal anemia as a high-risk pregnancy.; AIM: To examine how complex and irregular fetal heart rate (FHR) dynamics differ between fetuses of normal pregnancies and those of pregnancies complicated by maternal anemia (MA), and to place this in the context of high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: Our study population consisted of 97 pregnant women affected by MA, 118 affected by pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 88 affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 53 with preterm premature rupture of membranes (pPROM), and 356 normal pregnancies as controls. We calculated approximate entropy (ApEn), sample entropy (SampEn), and correlation dimension (CD) to quantify irregularity and the chaotic dynamics of each FHR time series. RESULTS: The ApEn in the fetuses of the MA and PIH groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05). The SampEn was significantly lower in the high-risk groups, except for the pPROM group, than in the normal controls (P<0.05). The CD in the PIH and severe MA groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05, respectively). In the MA group, the dynamic indices showed a highly significant positive correlation with hemoglobin (Hb) levels (P<0.0001). CONCLUSION: The decreased complexity and/or irregularity in the FHR from pregnancies with MA may reflect abnormalities in the complex, integrated cardiovascular control. The irregularity and complexity of the FHR increased together with Hb levels in pregnancies with MA. Our data suggest that the integrity of the nervous system in the fetuses compromised by severe MA might result directly in adverse outcomes.
Does a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Affect Key Outcomes in Women Participating in a Diabetes Prevention Program?; Objectives To evaluate lifestyle change outcomes among women with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enrolled in the Montana Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP). Methods Participation, self-monitoring behavior, weight loss, and cardiometabolic risk reduction were compared among 5091 women at high-risk for type 2 diabetes, with and without a history of GDM, enrolled in the Montana DPP between 2008 and 2015. Results Women with a history of GDM (6% of enrolled women, n = 283) were significantly younger than women without GDM. No significant differences in participation, self-monitoring fat intake, achievement of the physical activity goal, or weight loss were found among women with and without a history of GDM. Overall, women lost an average of 5.0 kg (± 6.5), and 45 and 29% of women achieved 5 and 7% weight loss, respectively. Both groups lost significant and comparable amounts of weight. After adjusting for age and other factors, no differences were found in achievement of ≥ 5% weight loss (AOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.61-1.16) or the ≥ 7% weight loss goal (AOR 1.04; 95% CI 0.73-1.47) among women with and without a history of GDM. Conclusions for Practice Our findings suggest that women with and without a history of GDM successfully participate in and achieve significant weight loss in the DPP. Health care providers should identify and refer women with risk factors for type 2 diabetes, including a history of GDM, to a DPP within their community.
Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors Are Associated With a Significant Burden of Treated Hypertension Within 10 Years of Delivery: Findings From a Population-Based Norwegian Cohort.; BACKGROUND: The association between pregnancy complications and women's later cardiovascular disease has, primarily, been evaluated in studies lacking information on important covariates. This report evaluates the prospective associations between pregnancy-related risk factors (preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction) and pharmacologically treated hypertension within 10 years after pregnancy, while adjusting for a wide range of covariates. METHODS AND RESULTS: Prepregnancy normotensive women participating in the MoBa (Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study) from January 2004 through July 2009 were linked to the Norwegian Prescription Database to identify women with pharmacologically treated hypertension beyond the postpartum period of 3 months. The burden of hypertension associated with pregnancy-related risk factors was evaluated using an attributable fraction method. A total of 1480 women developed pharmacologically treated hypertension within the follow-up among 60 027 women (rate of hypertension, 3.6/1000 person-years). The proportion of hypertension associated with a history of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was 28.6% (95% confidence interval, 25.5%-31.6%) on the basis of multivariable analyses adjusting for numerous covariates. The proportion was similar for women with a healthy prepregnancy body mass index (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2); attributable fraction (AF)% 25.9%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3%-30.3%), but considerably higher for nulliparous women at baseline within the first 5 years of follow-up. Small-for-gestational age, however, did not increase subsequent hypertension risk in multivariable analyses. CONCLUSIONS: A structured postpartum follow-up of high-risk women identified through pregnancy-related risk factors would facilitate personalized preventive strategies to postpone or avoid onset of premature cardiovascular events.
Should we consider gestational diabetes a vascular risk factor?; Few and contrasting data have reported vascular endothelial dysfunction and increased serum levels of endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We aimed at evaluating 6.5 years after delivery: intimal medial thickness (IMT), and C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) levels in 82 non-pregnant pGDM and 113 control women without pGDM. A subgroup of 21 women, taken from the pGDM group, showing current normal BMI, and no metabolic abnormalities, was separately analysed. All the subjects were free of medication and non-smokers. Women with pGDM, independently by their current BMI and presence of metabolic abnormalities, showed significantly higher E-selectin, ICAM-1 and IMT values than controls. IMT proved to be significantly associated with pGDM in a regression model, after adjustments for BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, and glucose values (beta=0.046; 95% CI 0.028-0.064). In all pGDM women, E-selectin, ICAM-1, IL-6 and hs-CRP values were significantly associated with IMT in the same model. Post-GDM women, despite being currently free from metabolic abnormalities, showed higher values of markers of endothelial dysfunction and IMT than controls, consistent with an increased future cardiovascular risk.
Efficacy of myoinositol in treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women: A pilot randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare efficacy of myoinositol as an adjuvant to dietary modification for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women compared to controls. STUDY DESIGN: Setting: This pilot randomized open label trial was conducted in a single antenatal clinic in India. SUBJECTS: One hundred women with singleton pregnancy and gestational diabetes diagnosed between 14-28 weeks' gestation were included. Overt diabetes, twin pregnancy, pre-existing renal disease, heart disease and other chronic medical disorders were exclusions. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomized in two groups (1:1 ratio) by opaque envelope method. Individualized nutrition counseling with dietary modification and routine antenatal care was provided to all. Fifty women received myoinositol 1000 mg twice daily; 50 controls did not receive myoinositol. Fasting and postprandial glucose levels were assessed after two weeks. Women not achieving glycemic targets (fasting glucose <95 and postprandial glucose <120 mg/dL) were given pharmacologic therapy. Contributory factors in women requiring additional pharmacologic therapy, maternal and fetal outcomes were noted. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Between group comparisons reported relative risk and mean difference. To assess predictive factors for need for pharmacologic therapy, univariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were comparable in both groups. Except one woman in the myoinositol group, all women provided glycaemia data throughout their pregnancy. Glycemic control was achieved in 44/ 49 (89.8 %) women in myoinositol group which was significantly higher than 34/50 (68 %) in the controls ((relative risk 0.31, 95 % confidence interval 0.13 to 0.80, p = 0.008). Mean duration of myoinositol treatment was 17.6 weeks (standard deviation 5.3). Additional treatment with metformin/insulin was needed in all women failing to achieve glycaemic control. The mean (range) dose of insulin was 25.3 units in myoinositol group compared to 14.27 units in controls (p = 0.058). Secondary outcomes were similar in two groups except baby weight which was higher in controls (p = 0.018). CONCLUSIONS: Oral supplementation with myoinositol in dose of 1 gm twice-daily, when started soon after the diagnosis of GDM, is effective in achieving glycemic control and decreasing the need for additional pharmacological therapy in Asian Indian women.
A comparative study of cumulative stress patterns within 14 days postpartum in healthy mothers and those with gestational diabetes: A prospective study.; Although the number of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is on the rise, only few studies have examined the cumulative stress associated with breastfeeding after childbirth. GDM mothers are susceptible to stress due to insulin resistance, and their level of stress is associated with breastfeeding. This study aimed to identify patterns of stress change over time in GDM mothers and healthy mothers and to identify the factors influencing those patterns.The participants of this study were mothers within 14 days after childbirth. The GDM group consisted of 32 mothers, and the healthy group comprised 30 mothers. Cumulative stress was measured in terms of heart rate variability, and linear mixed models were used to analyze changes over time.The cumulative stress of healthy mothers was about 8 points higher than that of mothers with GDM (t = -2.95, P = .005). The cumulative stress level was inversely associated with the mother's age (β=-1.20, P = .018), the mother's weight (β=-0.64, P = .008), and the baby's body mass index (β=-3.09, P = .038). Furthermore, an insufficient amount of breast milk was associated with higher stress (β=16.09, P = .007).GDM mothers and healthy mothers experienced different patterns of cumulative stress. Breastfeeding should be started quickly to promote health and stress reduction among mothers who are physically and psychologically vulnerable after childbirth.It is necessary to incorporate programs to promote breastfeeding considering stress levels at an appropriate time according to the mother's health condition.
Excessive gestational weight gain is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus in singleton pregnancies: Results from a French cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Increase in prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide raises concern among health professionals. Our purpose was to evaluate the impact of maternal obesity and of excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) on the course of singleton pregnancies in a French maternity ward. STUDY DESIGN: 3599 consecutive women who delivered from April 2013 to May 2015 at Brest University Hospital were included in HPP-IPF cohort study, a study designed to evaluate clinical and biological determinants of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Maternal obesity was defined by a pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2) and excessive GWG was defined according to the Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines. Obstetric complications(including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism, PPH, cesarean section (C-section) and macrosomia) were collected prospectively in a standardized case report form. For each complication, Odd Ratios (OR) according to pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG were calculated in univariable and multivariable analyses. RESULTS: Out of the 3162 women analyzed for this report, 583 (18.4%) were overweight, 400 (12.7%) were obese and 36.6% had excessive GWG. In multivariable analysis, after adjustment for confounding factors, obese women were at increased risk of GDM (OR 5.83, 95%CI 4.37-7.79), PPH (OR 1.69, 95%CI 1.19-2.41), C-section (OR 2.50, 95%CI 1.92-3.26) and macrosomia (OR 1.90, 95%CI 1.31-2.76). Similarly, women with excessive GWG were at increased risk of GDM (OR 1.55, 95%CI 1.17-2.06), C-section (OR 1.46, 95%CI 1.16-1.83) and macrosomia (OR 2.09, 95%CI 1.50-2.91). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity and excessive GWG are independent risk factors for GDM, C-section and macrosomia in singleton pregnancies. Further studies are needed to evaluate if a lifestyle intervention aiming at avoiding excessive GWG could improve clinical outcomes in pregnant women.
Anthropometry and cardiovascular risk factors in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To explore whether there are any differences in cardiovascular risk factors, including anthropometrics, blood pressure and serum glucose between women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. DESIGN: Longitudinal follow-up of mother and child previously recruited to a pregnancy biobank in Norway. SETTING: University hospital. POPULATION: Women with a history of preeclampsia (n = 23), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 11), or controls (n = 17), and their respective child were recruited 5-8 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: Anthropometrics and blood pressures were measured in mother and child. All non-diabetic women underwent an oral glucose challenge test. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body mass index, waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, serum glucose, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. RESULTS: Women in the preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus groups had a slightly higher median systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05), and were more often abdominally obese (waist circumference ≥88 cm) compared with controls (p < 0.05). A waist to hip ratio ≥0.85 was more common in the diabetes group compared to the controls (p < 0.01). Fasting serum glucose was higher in the gestational diabetes mellitus group (p < 0.05) compared to controls. A higher proportion of children of mothers with diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia were overweight or obese compared to controls, but the difference was not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: This clinical study has identified several modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women and children 5-8 years after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Potential intervention strategies could focus on life style alterations after delivery, with emphasis on weight management.
Gestational Glycemic Parameters and Future Cardiometabolic Risk at Medium-Term Follow Up.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes is known to be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular disease. However, it is not known which gestational glycemic parameters mediate this risk. The study's aim was to assess the relationship between gestational glycemic parameters and gestational diabetes with future cardiometabolic status. METHODS: This cohort study comprised subjects who underwent assessment for gestational diabetes by means of a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at Mater Dei Hospital, Malta, during 2009. These patients were consequently followed up through January 2018. Carotid intima-media thickness was assessed as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in both common carotid arteries. RESULTS: The mean age of the study population was 38.3±5.4 years. Of the 203 participants, 43 (21.2%) had gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes and individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests were associated with higher glycated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, low-density-cholesterol and lower high-density-cholesterol levels and with the presence of the metabolic syndrome in both univariate and multivariate analyses after a median follow up of 8 years. Neither gestational diabetes nor individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests was associated with current carotid intima-media thickness. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that there is no threshold of glycemic parameters for predicting future cardiometabolic status. Our data also suggest that the known association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease is mediated, at least in part, by higher postpregnancy glycemia and worse lipid profiles, even though these metabolic parameters often remain within the normal range.
The Role of Lifestyle Intervention in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes.; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is highly associated with obesity and independently increases the risk of both complications during pregnancy and future impaired glycemic control and risk factors for cardiovascular disease for both the mother and child. Despite extensive research evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions incorporating diet and/or exercise, there remains a lack of definitive consensus on their overall efficacy alone or in combination for both the prevention and treatment of GDM. Combination of diet and physical activity/exercise interventions for GDM prevention demonstrates limited success, whereas exercise-only interventions report of risk reductions ranging from 3 to 49%. Similarly, combination therapy of diet and exercise is the first-line treatment of GDM, with positive effects on maternal weight gain and the prevalence of infants born large-for-gestational age. Yet, there is inconclusive evidence on the effects of diet or exercise as standalone therapies for GDM treatment. In clinical care, women with GDM should be treated with a multidisciplinary approach, starting with lifestyle modification and escalating to pharmacotherapy if needed. Several key knowledge gaps remain, including how lifestyle interventions can be optimized during pregnancy, and whether intervention during preconception is effective for preventing the rising prevalence of GDM.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to quantify the impact of healthy and complex pregnancy on muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) at rest, and in response to stress. Structured searches of electronic databases were performed until February 23, 2022. All study designs (except reviews) were included: population (pregnant individuals); exposures (healthy and complicated pregnancy with direct measures of MSNA); comparator (individuals who were not pregnant, or with uncomplicated pregnancy); and outcomes (MSNA, BP, and heart rate). Twenty-seven studies (N = 807) were included. MSNA burst frequency was higher in pregnancy (n = 201) versus non-pregnant controls (n = 194) (Mean Differences [MD], MD: 10.6 bursts/min; 95% CI: 7.2, 14.0; I(2)  = 72%). Accounting for the normative increase in heart rate with gestation, burst incidence was also higher during pregnancy (Pregnant N = 189, non-pregnant N = 173; MD: 11 bpm; 95% CI: 8, 13 bpm; I(2)  = 47%; p < 0.0001). Meta-regression analyses confirmed that although sympathetic burst frequency and incidence are augmented during pregnancy, this was not significantly associated with gestational age. Compared to uncomplicated pregnancy, individuals with obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and gestational hypertension exhibited sympathetic hyperactivity, while individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia did not. Uncomplicated pregnancies exhibited a lesser response to head-up tilt, but an exaggerated sympathetic responsiveness to cold pressor stress compared to non-pregnant individuals. MSNA is higher in pregnant individuals and further increased with some, but not all pregnancy complications. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42022311590.
Metabolic Syndrome: Sex-Related Cardiovascular Risk and Therapeutic Approach.; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: the most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. METHODS: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. RESULTS: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. CONCLUSION: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Differences in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both characterized by an increase in insulin resistance. Our goal in the present study was to measure insulin resistance (as estimated by homeostasis model assessment, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and adiponectin concentrations) and parameters of low-grade inflammation in non-diabetic, non-hyperandrogenic ovulatory women with previous GDM (pGDM) and in non-diabetic women with classic PCOS, characterized by hyperandrogenism and oligo/anovulation. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We evaluated 20 women with PCOS, 18 women with pGDM and 19 controls, all matched according to body mass index (BMI). Fasting blood samples were drawn in all women 3-6 days after spontaneous or dydrogesterone-induced withdrawal bleeding. Body fat distribution was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in all women. RESULTS: After adjusting for age and percent body fat, measures of insulin resistance such as SHBG and adiponectin concentrations were decreased and central obesity was increased in women with PCOS and pGDM compared with controls (all p < 0.05). Parameters of low-grade inflammation such as serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha and highly sensitive C-reactive protein concentrations, white blood cell and neutrophil count were increased only in women with PCOS compared with BMI-matched controls (all p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Certain markers of insulin resistance are increased in both women with PCOS and women with pGDM, while low-grade inflammation is increased only in PCOS. PCOS and GDM might represent specific phenotypes of one disease entity with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, whereby women with PCOS demonstrate an augmented cardiovascular risk profile.
The impact of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension on future cardiovascular events: A nationwide cross-sectional cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of female death worldwide. The link between future cardiovascular events and a history of hypertensive disease in pregnancy or gestational diabetes (GDM) has been well established. Less well understood is the impact on future cardiovascular risk when gestational hypertension (GH) and GDM have occurred together. We assessed the association of GDM and GH with future cardiovascular events both alone and in combination. STUDY DESIGN: All female patients discharged from French hospitals in 2013 with 5 years of subsequent and complete follow-up were identified. They were grouped depending on their history of GDM, history of GH, history of both or history of neither. After propensity score matching, patients with GDM and/or GH were matched 1:1 with patients with no GDM or GH. Hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular events during follow-up were adjusted by age at baseline. RESULTS: Women with a history of GH had an increased risk of cardiovascular death (HR 5.46, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 1.93-15.49). Women with a history of GDM had no significant difference in the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction (HR 0.88, 95 %CI 0.38-2.03) and cardiovascular death (HR 1.25, 95 %CI 0.47-3.36) during the 5 year follow up. Those with a history of both GDM and GH had a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction (HR 23.33, 95 %CI 4.84-112.39). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of both GH and GDM are at a 23-fold increased risk of myocardial infarction within the first 5 years of their postnatal lives.
Maternal obesity and programming of metabolic syndrome in the offspring: searching for mechanisms in the adipocyte progenitor pool.; BACKGROUND: It is now understood that it is the quality rather than the absolute amount of adipose tissue that confers risk for obesity-associated disease. Adipose-derived stem cells give rise to adipocytes during the developmental establishment of adipose depots. In adult depots, a reservoir of progenitors serves to replace adipocytes that have reached their lifespan and for recruitment to increase lipid buffering capacity under conditions of positive energy balance. MAIN: The adipose tissue expandability hypothesis posits that a failure in de novo differentiation of adipocytes limits lipid storage capacity and leads to spillover of lipids into the circulation, precipitating the onset of obesity-associated disease. Since adipose progenitors are specified to their fate during late fetal life, perturbations in the intrauterine environment may influence the rapid expansion of adipose depots that occurs in childhood or progenitor function in established adult depots. Neonates born to mothers with obesity or diabetes during pregnancy tend to have excessive adiposity at birth and are at increased risk for childhood adiposity and cardiometabolic disease. CONCLUSION: In this narrative review, we synthesize current knowledge in the fields of obesity and developmental biology together with literature from the field of the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) to put forth the hypothesis that the intrauterine milieu of pregnancies complicated by maternal metabolic disease disturbs adipogenesis in the fetus, thereby accelerating the trajectory of adipose expansion in early postnatal life and predisposing to impaired adipose plasticity.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a very young population of females predisposed for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction might represent a shared precursor of both disorders. Hence, this study aimed to characterize endothelial biomarkers in relation to impaired insulin sensitivity and progression to overt diabetes early after index pregnancy. METHODS: 108 women with previous GDM and 40 controls were included three to six months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and an oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes progression was assessed in females with pGDM over 10 years of follow-up. Circulating sICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), sVCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule-1) and sE-selectin, representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years. RESULTS: Endothelial biomarkers were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity (sICAM-1: r = -0.23, p = 0.009; sVCAM-1: r = -0.22, p = 0.011; sE-selectin: r = -0.21, p = 0.018) as well as with GDM status and parameters of subtle inflammation. Analysis of long-term trajectories revealed constantly elevated sICAM-1 (p = 0.033) and sE-selectin (p = 0.007) in 25 subjects with diabetes progression. Accordingly, sE-selectin levels at the early post partum visit predicted a later development of the disease (HR =1.02 95%CI 1.01 to 1.04, p = 0.013), however, this was attenuated after adjustment for BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated circulating markers of endothelial dysfunction in young females with GDM history might reflect an early stage on the pathway to the manifestation of future cardiometabolic disorders. Timely identification of women at high risk and optimization of follow-up management might provide an opportunity to prevent disease progression.
UHPLC-MS/MS-Based Metabolomics and Clinical Phenotypes Analysis Reveal Broad-Scale Perturbations in Early Pregnancy Related to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disturbance during pregnancy, with adverse effects on both mother and fetus. The establishment of early diagnosis and risk assessment model is of great significance for preventing and reducing adverse outcomes of GDM. In this study, the broad-scale perturbations related to GDM were explored through the integration analysis of metabolic and clinical phenotypes. Maternal serum samples from the first trimester were collected for targeted metabolomics analysis by using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). Statistical analysis was conducted based on the levels of the 184 metabolites and 76 clinical indicators from GDM women (n =60) and matched healthy controls (n =90). Metabolomics analysis revealed the down-regulation of fatty acid oxidation in the first trimester of GDM women, which was supposed to be related to the low serum level of dehydroepiandrosterone.While the significantly altered clinical phenotypes were mainly related to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease, abnormal iron metabolism, and inflammation. A phenotype panel established from the significantly changed serum indicators can be used for the early prediction of GDM, with the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC) 0.83. High serum uric acid and C-reaction protein levels were risk factors for GDM independent of body mass indexes, with ORs 4.76 (95% CI: 2.08-10.90) and 3.10 (95% CI: 1.38-6.96), respectively. Predictive phenotype panel of GDM, together with the risk factors of GDM, will provide novel perspectives for the early clinical warning and diagnosis of GDM.
Is There a Relationship between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Future Development of Atherosclerosis?; Cardiovascular disease is one of the main death causes globally. Effective cardiovascular risk management requires a thorough understanding of the mechanisms underlying the disorder. Establishing early markers of the disease allows a timely intervention and prevention of further atherosclerosis development. Multiple studies confirm the correlation between pregnancy disorders and cardiovascular disease in the postpartum period. Moreover, over 30% of women experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. Thus, the examination of the links between these conditions and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease may help to identify gender-specific risk factors. In this review, we will explore the association between several adverse pregnancy outcome conditions and atherosclerosis. The current analysis is based on the data from several recent studies on the mechanisms behind gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, miscarriages, and stillbirths and their implications for the female cardiovascular system.
Gestational diabetes: a condition of early diastolic abnormalities in young women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and atherosclerotic disease. We examined the effect of GDM on cardiac diastolic function. METHODS: Diastolic function was evaluated by serial Doppler echocardiography with pulsed tissue Doppler imaging in 13 patients with GDM and 13 healthy pregnant women (control group) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after 8 weeks postpartum. Diagnostic criteria for GDM were those as recommended by the American Diabetes Association. Exclusion criteria were any disease or condition that could interfere with diastolic function. Measurements at both times in each group were compared by paired t tests and changes of patients with diabetes were compared with those in control patients by unpaired t tests. RESULTS: There were no differences in age, left ventricular mass, or systolic function between groups. The Doppler parameters that showed significant difference between groups were higher atrial contraction wave (A wave) (P = .008) and lower rapid filling wave (E)/A ratio (P = .006) in diabetic group, on both occasions. Tissue Doppler parameters showed a significant decrease in Em (P = .002) and early mitral annulus velocity (Em)/late mitral annulus velocity (Am) (P = .008) in diabetic group on both occasions, and the Am wave remained increased only in the diabetic group at postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with GDM showed a different diastolic function profile, suggesting a mild degree of diastolic abnormality. The persistence of some abnormalities postpartum corroborates our hypothesis of an early cardiovascular involvement in this group, enhancing the need of a close cardiovascular follow-up of these patients.
Screening Glucose Challenge Test in Pregnancy Can Identify Women With an Adverse Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Factor Profile: Implications for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction.; Background The 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT) is routinely performed in pregnancy to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. Remarkably, it has recently emerged that the GCT can also predict a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease, although the mechanistic basis of this relationship is unclear. In this context we hypothesized that a higher GCT may identify women with an otherwise unrecognized adverse cardiovascular phenotype. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between the antepartum GCT and subsequent postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. Methods and Results In this study 503 women completed a screening GCT in late second trimester and then underwent cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum, whereupon traditional (blood pressure, glucose, lipids) and nontraditional (apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein, adiponectin) cardiovascular risk factors were compared across GCT tertiles. At 3 months postpartum, each of the following risk factors progressively worsened from the lowest to middle to highest GCT tertile: fasting glucose (P=0.0002), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.004), triglycerides (P=0.001), apolipoprotein B (P=0.001), and adiponectin (P=0.02). On multiple linear regression analyses, the GCT emerged as a significant independent predictor of higher fasting glucose (P=0.0006), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), triglycerides (P=0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.01), and apolipoprotein B (P=0.004) and of lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.02) and adiponectin (P=0.0099). Moreover, these independent associations persisted after excluding women who had gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions The antepartum GCT can identify women with an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor phenotype.
Programming of Vascular Dysfunction in the Intrauterine Milieu of Diabetic Pregnancies.; With the rising global tide of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) burgeoned into one of the most common antenatal disorders worldwide. Macrosomic babies born to diabetic mothers are more likely to develop risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) before they reach adulthood. Rodent studies in offspring born to hyperglycemic pregnancies show vascular dysfunction characterized by impaired nitric oxide (NO)-mediated vasodilation and increased production of contractile prostanoids by cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2). Vascular dysfunction is a key pathogenic event in the progression of diabetes-related vascular disease, primarily attributable to glucotoxicity. Therefore, glucose-induced vascular injury may stem directly from the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment of GDM pregnancy, as evinced by studies showing endothelial activation and inflammation at birth or in childhood in offspring born to GDM mothers. This review discusses potential mechanisms by which intrauterine hyperglycemia programs dysfunction in the developing vasculature.
Incidence, risk factors, management, and outcomes of stroke in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of antenatal stroke in the United Kingdom and to describe risk factors associated with stroke during pregnancy, management, and outcomes. METHODS: A population-based (nationwide) cohort and nested case-control study was conducted using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System between October 2007 and March 2010. We investigated the potential factors associated with antenatal stroke using a logistic regression analysis to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Thirty cases of antenatal stroke were reported giving an estimated incidence of 1.5 cases per 100,000 women delivering (95% CI 1.0-2.1). The incidences of nonhemorrhagic and hemorrhagic stroke were 0.9 (95% CI 0.5-1.3) and 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-1.0) per 100,000 women delivering. Factors associated with increased risk of antenatal stroke were history of migraine (adjusted OR 8.5, 95% CI 1.5-62.1), gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 26.8, 95% CI 3.2-∞), and preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted OR 7.7, 95% CI 1.3-55.7). There was wide variation in the use of pharmacologic, surgical, and organized stroke unit care. There were six stroke-related maternal deaths giving a case-fatality rate of 20% of all strokes, 50% of hemorrhagic strokes, and a mortality rate of 0.3 (95% CI 0.1-0.6) per 100,000 women delivering. CONCLUSION: The risk of a stroke during pregnancy is low; however, the poor outcomes in terms of morbidity and mortality and variations in care highlight the importance of such women receiving specialist stroke care. Clinicians should be aware of an association with a history of migraine, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia or eclampsia. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B-mediated autophagy regulates high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis.; Diabetes is a recognized high-risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, in which macroautophagy/autophagy is emerging to play essential roles. The retention of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles in subendothelial space following transcytosis across the endothelium is the initial step of atherosclerosis. Here, we identified that high glucose could promote atherosclerosis by stimulating transcytosis of LDL. By inhibiting AMPK-MTOR-PIK3C3 pathway, high glucose suppresses the CAV-CAVIN-LC3B-mediated autophagic degradation of CAV1; therefore, more CAV1 is accumulated in the cytosol and utilized to form more caveolae in the cell membrane and facilitates the LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells. For a proof of concept, higher levels of lipids were accumulated in the subendothelial space of umbilical venous walls from pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared to those of pregnant women without GDM. Our results reveal that high glucose stimulates LDL transcytosis by a novel CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B signaling-mediated autophagic degradation pathway. ABBREVIATIONS: 3-MA: 3-methyladenine; ACTB: actin beta; AMPK: AMP-activated protein kinase; Bafi: bafilomycin A(1); CAV1: caveolin-1; CAVIN1: caveolae associated protein 1; CSD: the CAV1 scaffolding domain; GDM: gestational diabetes mellitus; IMD: intramembrane domain; LIR: LC3-interacting region; MAP1LC3/LC3: microtubule- associated protein 1 light chain 3; MFI: mean fluorescence intensity; MTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase; PIK3C3/VPS34: phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase catalytic subunit type 3; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1.
Clinical aspects of the relationship between oral contraceptives, abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism, and the development of cardiovascular disease.; Although large epidemiologic studies indicated no difference in the frequency of diabetes mellitus in nonusers and everusers of high-dose combination oral contraceptives, other studies had shown an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance in current users, which is estimated to be roughly twice as frequent as that in nonusers. Women at risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance while receiving high-dose oral contraceptives either had previous gestational diabetes mellitus or were older, obese, or had a positive family history of diabetes mellitus. The tendency to decreased glucose tolerance seems essentially related to the dosage and chemical structure of the progestogen used in oral contraceptives, namely, estrane and particularly gonane progestins. However, increased frequency of impaired glucose tolerance and potentially diabetes mellitus are obviously not linked to the use of the more potent gonane progestins. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives, particularly with reduced progestogen content (such as in the triphasic formulations and last-generation monophasic preparations), is accompanied by a low risk of impaired glucose tolerance, even in previous gestational diabetes mellitus. The mechanism of decreased glucose tolerance in oral contraceptive users is unknown but seems related partially to increased peripheral resistance that is potentially caused by a postreceptor defect in insulin action. Changes in insulin production or metabolic clearance rate are not excluded by recent, sophisticated investigations of carbohydrate metabolism in oral contraceptive users. Impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus, chronic hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia are believed to increase atherogenic risk either by their direct action or their effects on lipid metabolism. Newer epidemiologic studies now indicate that the incidence of cardiovascular disease in low-dose, low-risk, current oral contraceptive users has been substantially decreased. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives with reduced dosages of better adapted progestogens seems effective in decreasing alterations in carbohydrate metabolism and may thereby contribute to decrease further atherogenic risk in oral contraceptive users.
Ketosis-prone diabetes and SLE co-presenting in an African lady with previous gestational diabetes.; We describe the case of an African woman who was diagnosed with ketosis-prone diabetes with diabetes-associated autoantibodies, after being admitted for diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) precipitated by her first presentation of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). She had a seven-year history of recurrent gestational diabetes (GDM) not requiring insulin therapy, with return to normoglycaemia after each pregnancy. This might have suggested that she had now developed type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, the diagnosis of SLE prompted testing for an autoimmune aetiology for the diabetes, and she was found to have a very high titre of GAD antibodies. Typical type 1 diabetes (T1D) was thought unlikely due to the long preceding history of GDM. Latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA) was considered, but ruled out as she required insulin therapy from diagnosis. The challenge of identifying the type of diabetes when clinical features overlap the various diabetes categories is discussed. This is the first report of autoimmune ketosis-prone diabetes (KPD) presenting with new onset of SLE. LEARNING POINTS: DKA may be the first presentation of a multi-system condition and a precipitating cause should always be sought, particularly in women with a history of GDM or suspected T2D.All women with GDM should undergo repeat glucose tolerance testing postpartum to exclude frank diabetes, even when post-delivery capillary blood glucose (CBG) tests are normal. They should also be advised to continue CBG monitoring during acute illness in case of new onset diabetes.KPD comprises a spectrum of diabetes syndromes that present with DKA, but subsequently have a variable course depending on the presence or absence of beta cell failure and/or diabetes autoantibodies.KPD should be considered in a patient with presumed T2D presenting with DKA, especially if there is a personal or family history of autoimmune diabetes.LADA should be suspected in adults presumed to have T2D, who do not require insulin therapy for at least six months after diagnosis and have anti-GAD antibodies.Patients with autoimmune diabetes have an increased risk of other autoimmune diseases and screening for thyroid, parietal cell, coeliac and antinuclear antibodies should be considered.
Exosomes and Obesity-Related Insulin Resistance.; Exosomes are extracellular vesicles, delivering signal molecules from donor cells to recipient cells. The cargo of exosomes, including proteins, DNA and RNA, can target the recipient tissues and organs, which have an important role in disease development. Insulin resistance is a kind of pathological state, which is important in the pathogeneses of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), gestational diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Furthermore, obesity is a kind of inducement of insulin resistance. In this review, we summarized recent research advances on exosomes and insulin resistance, especially focusing on obesity-related insulin resistance. These studies suggest that exosomes have great importance in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and have great potential for use in the diagnosis and therapy of insulin resistance.
Previous High-Intensity Breastfeeding Lowers the Risk of an Abnormal Fasting Glucose in a Subsequent Pregnancy Oral Glucose Tolerance Test.; Breastfeeding is associated with reduced lifetime cardiometabolic risk, but little is known regarding the metabolic benefit in a subsequent pregnancy. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the association between breastfeeding duration and intensity and next pregnancy oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. A retrospective cohort study was conducted from March 2020 to October 2022. All multiparous women who met inclusion criteria and gave birth during the study period were eligible for inclusion. Analysis was stratified by risk for gestational diabetes (GDM). High GDM risk criteria included previous GDM and BMI > 35 kg/m(2). The association between breastfeeding duration and high-intensity breastfeeding (HIBF) and subsequent pregnancy OGTT were assessed with multivariate logistic models adjusted for statistically and clinically relevant covariables. There were 5374 multiparous participants who met the inclusion criteria for analysis. Of these, 61.7% had previously breastfed for >6 months, and 43.4% were at high risk for GDM. HIBF was associated with 47% reduced odds of an abnormal fasting glucose in a subsequent pregnancy OGTT (aOR 0.53; 95%CI 0.38-0.75; p < 0.01). There was no association between HIBF and other glucose results on the OGTT. Women who smoked were least likely to breastfeed at high intensity (aOR 0.31; 95%CI 0.21-0.47; p < 0.01). South Asian women had 65% higher odds of HIBF than women who identified as White/European (aOR 1.65; 1.36-2.00; p < 0.01). This study highlights the importance of exclusive breastfeeding to potentially reduce the prevalence of GDM and may also translate into long-term reduction of cardiometabolic risk.
[Increased cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes].; The Dutch diabetes guideline advises GPs to screen for diabetes every year in the first five years after the birth of the youngest child, by simply measuring fasting glucose. Based on the increased risk for cardiovascular disease in women with a history of gestational diabetes, it seems appropriate to not only screen for diabetes, but to combine that with monitoring all the other features of the insulin resistance syndrome. Even without a disturbance in glucose tolerance, that could stimulate helpful lifestyle interventions at an earlier stage.
Comprehensive assessment of biventricular myocardial function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in infants of gestational diabetic mothers.; AIMS: No previous research provided a complete biventricular and multidirectional left ventricular (LV) functional assessment by two-dimensional (2D) speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDM) METHODS: A total of 30 consecutive IGDM and 30 infants of healthy mothers were examined between March 2021 and July 2021. Both groups of infants underwent evaluation by neonatologist and 2D transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE quantification of LV-global longitudinal strain (GLS), LV-global circumferential strain (GCS), LV-global radial strain (GRS) and right ventricular (RV)-GLS, within 3 days of life and at 40 days after birth. Predictors of persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction, defined as a LVGLS less negative than -20% at 40-day follow-up, in IGDM population, were determined. RESULTS: At 2.2 ± 1.3 days after birth, LV-GLS (- 17.2 ± 1.9 vs. - 23.9 ± 3.8%), LV-GCS (- 17.9 ± 2.7 vs. - 27.3 ± 3.4%), LV-GRS (25.6 ± 3.4 vs. 35.8 ± 3.6%) and RV-GLS (- 17.6 ± 3.6 vs. - 22.6 ± 3.8%) were significantly impaired in IGDM than controls (all p < 0.001). At 36.8 ± 5.2 days of life, LV-GLS was still impaired (less negative than -20%) in 26.6% of IGDM. Maternal third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.89, 95%CI 1.05-3.39) and third trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.59, 95%CI 1.08-2.19) were independently associated with persistent LV-GLS impairment in IGDM. Maternal BMI ≥ 30 Kg/m2 and HbA1C ≥ 38 mmol/mol showed the maximum of sensitivity and specificity for predicting persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction in IGDM at 40 days of life. CONCLUSIONS: IGDM have diffuse pattern of myocardial dysfunction during perinatal period. This dysfunction may be persistent up to 40 days of life in infants of GDM women with obesity and uncontrolled diabetes.
Contraceptive Options Following Gestational Diabetes: Current Perspectives.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates approximately 7% of pregnancies in the United States. Along with risk factors related to pregnancy, women with a history of GDM also have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. These women require special consideration when discussing contraception and other reproductive health issues. GDM carries a category 1 rating in the US Medical Eligibility Criteria for all contraceptive methods, which supports safety of the various methods but does not account for effectiveness. Contraceptive options differ in composition and mechanisms of action, and concerns have been raised about possible effects of contraception on metabolism. Clinical evidence is limited to suggest that hormonal contraception has significantly adverse effects on body weight, lipid, or glucose metabolism. In addition, the majority of evidence does not suggest a relationship between development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and use of hormonal contraception. Data are limited, so it is challenging to make a broad, general recommendation regarding contraception for women with a history of GDM. A woman's history of GDM should be considered during contraceptive counseling. Discussion should focus on potential medical comorbidities and the implications of GDM on future health, with special consideration of issues including bone health, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and thrombosis risk. Providers must emphasize the importance of reliable, highly effective contraception for women with GDM, to optimize the timing of future pregnancies. This approach to comprehensive counseling will guide optimal decision-making on contraceptive use, lifestyle changes, and planning of subsequent pregnancies.
Influence of gestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system: a study using phase-rectified signal-averaging analysis.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to influence fetal physiology. Phase-rectified signal averaging (PRSA) is an innovative signal-processing technique that can be used to investigate fetal heart signals. The PRSA-calculated variables average acceleration capacity (AAC) and average deceleration capacity (ADC) are established indices of autonomic nervous system (ANS) function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of GDM on the fetal cardiovascular and ANS function in human pregnancy using PRSA. METHODS: This was a prospective clinical case-control study of 58 mothers with diagnosed GDM and 58 gestational-age matched healthy controls in the third trimester of pregnancy. Fetal cardiotocography (CTG) recordings were performed in all cases at entry to the study, and a follow-up recording was performed in 19 GDM cases close to delivery. The AAC and ADC indices were calculated by the PRSA method and fetal heart rate short-term variation (STV) by CTG software according to Dawes-Redman criteria. RESULTS: Mean gestational age of both groups at study entry was 35.7 weeks. There was a significant difference in mean AAC (1.97 ± 0.33 bpm vs 2.42 ± 0.57 bpm; P < 0.001) and ADC (1.94 ± 0.32 bpm vs 2.28 ± 0.46 bpm; P < 0.001) between controls and fetuses of diabetic mothers. This difference could not be demonstrated using standard computerized fetal CTG analysis of STV (controls, 10.8 ± 3.0 ms vs GDM group, 11.3 ± 2.5 ms; P = 0.32). Longitudinal fetal heart rate measurements in a subgroup of women with diabetes were not significantly different from those at study entry. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show increased ANS activity in fetuses of diabetic mothers in late gestation. Analysis of human fetal cardiovascular and ANS function by PRSA may offer improved surveillance over conventional techniques linking GDM pregnancy to future cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Associations of Maternal Glycemia in the First Half of Pregnancy With Alterations in Cardiac Structure and Function in Childhood.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus has been associated with offspring cardiac congenital malformations, ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction in large observational cohort studies and experimental animal models. We assessed the associations of maternal random glucose concentrations across the full range with childhood cardiac ventricular structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a population-based prospective cohort among 1,959 women and their offspring, maternal random glucose concentrations were measured at a median 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% range 10.5-16.8 weeks). We obtained offspring cardiac outcomes, relative to body size, through cardiac MRI at 10 years. RESULTS: The mean maternal random glucose concentration was 4.4 mmol/L (SD 0.8). The highest quintile of maternal glucose concentrations, compared with the lowest quintile, was associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass (-0.19 SD score [SDS]; 95% CI -0.31, -0.07) and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (-0.17 SDS; 95% -0.28, -0.05). Also, higher maternal glucose concentrations across the full range per 1 mmol/L increase were associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (P values ≤0.05). Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and weight at birth or childhood BMI and blood pressure did not influence the effect estimates. Maternal glucose concentrations were not significantly associated with childhood right ventricular end-diastolic volume or left and right ventricular ejection fraction. CONCLUSIONS: Higher maternal random glucose concentrations in the first half of pregnancy are associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume, with the strongest associations for childhood left ventricular mass. These associations were not explained by maternal, birth, or childhood characteristics. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings using repeated maternal glucose measurements throughout pregnancy and offspring cardiac outcomes throughout childhood and adulthood.
Gestational diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recently, a series of studies has suggested that women with GDM also have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear if this risk is dependent upon the intercurrent development of type 2 diabetes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the impact of GDM on future risk of incident CVD and to ascertain the role of type 2 diabetes in this regard. METHODS: We systematically searched the PubMed and EMBASE databases for observational studies that evaluated the association of GDM with subsequent CVD, with publication between 1 January 1950 and 30 August 2018. Two independent reviewers extracted data and the analysis was performed in accordance with Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines. RRs were calculated using a random-effects model to assess the predictive value of GDM for future cardiovascular events. To evaluate whether incident type 2 diabetes in the GDM population influenced the association with CVD, we used meta-regression models followed by sensitivity analyses restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes during follow-up. RESULTS: A pooled analysis of nine studies yielded data from 5,390,591 women (101,424 cardiovascular events). Compared with those who did not have GDM, women with GDM had a twofold higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.98 [95% CI 1.57, 2.50]). Meta-regression analysis showed that the rates of incident type 2 diabetes across the studies did not affect this risk (p = 0.34). Moreover, when restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes, GDM remained associated with a 56% higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.56 [95% CI 1.04, 2.32]). GDM conferred a 2.3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular events in the first decade postpartum (RR 2.31 [95% CI 1.57, 3.39]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The diagnosis of GDM identifies young women who have a twofold higher risk of cardiovascular events postpartum compared with their peers. This risk is not dependent upon intercurrent type 2 diabetes and is apparent within the first decade after pregnancy. Thus, even without progressing to type 2 diabetes, women with GDM comprise an at-risk population for CVD and hence a potential opportunity for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women After Maternal Complications of Pregnancy: An Observational Cohort Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Certain complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, spontaneous preterm birth, and placental abruption, are established independent risk factors for premature cardiovascular disease in women. Metabolic syndrome, which is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, may be a suitable alternative to traditional cardiovascular risk calculators that underestimate risk in young women. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women who experienced a complicated pregnancy 6 months earlier. METHODS: This observational study investigated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome as defined by the International Diabetes Federation in all eligible participants (n = 247) attending a postpartum lifestyle intervention clinic from August 2018 to June 2021 at the Lyell McEwin Hospital in Adelaide, South Australia. RESULTS: A total of 89 (36%) participants met the criteria for metabolic syndrome at a mean follow up time of 7 months postpartum. Almost 90% of the cohort were abdominally obese, and over two thirds of the total cohort met at least two of the criteria for metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a prior history of one of the common major pregnancy complications are at high risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease, with many showing either metabolic syndrome or multiple risk factors at only 7 months postpartum. The results indicate that follow-up within 1 year postpartum is an appropriate time to commence preventative strategies, as many women are already showing early signs of disease.
Predicting adverse perinatal outcomes with fetal modified myocardial performance index and epicardial fat tissue thickness in diabetes-complicated pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate fetal modified myocardial performance index (mod-MPI) and fetal epicardial fat tissue (EFT) thickness and its association with adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study including 90 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 45 pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 90 healthy pregnant women (control group). Two-dimensional gray-scale and Doppler fetal echocardiography were used to calculate the mod-MPI. EFT thickness was measured in the hypoechogenic area between the myocardium and the visceral pericardium on the right ventricle by distinguishing it from the pericardial fluid by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Both mod-MPI values and EFT thickness were significantly higher in diabetic pregnant women (p<0.001; for both). No significant differences were observed in mod-MPI values and EFT thickness between pregnant women with GDM and PGDM. In addition, there was no significant difference in fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thicknesses among diabetic pregnant women based on their treatment requirements. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve revealed that mod-MPI value (cut-off 0.54, 95% CI: 0.629-0.837, p<0.001, sensitivity 64.6%, specificity 61.7%) and EFT thickness (cut-off 1.85 mm, 95% CI: 0.524-0.750, p=0.014, sensitivity 65.8%, specificity 63.9%) could predict adverse neonatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that both mod-MPI (p=0.003) and EFT thickness (p=0.008) were independently associated with adverse outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thickness increase in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and these measurements may serve as valuable predictors of adverse perinatal outcomes.
A case of infantile de novo primary antiphospholipid syndrome revealed by a neonatal arterial ischemic stroke.; The few cases of antiphospholipid syndrome that have been reported in neonates are believed to have resulted from a transplacental transfer of antiphospholipid antibodies. Here we report on a boy with a neonatal stroke revealing a de novo primary antiphospholipid, the mother being free of antiphospholipid antibodies. Other thrombosis risk factors included primiparity, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, polyglobulia, and lipoprotein(a) >30 mg/dL. Anti-cardiolipin and anti-β(2)-glycoprotein I persisted more than 2 years. Under aspirin therapy, the child did not exhibit recurrence of thrombotic events or symptoms of autoimmunity after a follow-up of 3 years. Our case indicates that clinicians should consider a second retesting for anticardiolipin antibodies and anti-β(2)-glycoprotein I antibodies, even when children and mother neonatal tests are negative.
Indications for fetal echocardiography high referral, low yield?; An excellent imaging tool in the prenatal diagnosis and ongoing evaluation of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography is indicated in a selected population at increased risk compared with the general population. For certain "soft markers" of fetal congenital heart defects, ambiguity in the indications for fetal echo may result in a high referral rate, but low yield of congenital heart disease. Here, we critically examine 4 conditions, 2 maternal and 2 fetal: maternal gestational diabetes, advanced maternal age, isolated echogenic focus, and single umbilical artery. This critical review reveals that more prospective population-based studies with higher power and minimal bias need to be performed to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in a selected population compared with that of the general population. Nonetheless, our analysis indicates that the absolute risk of congenital heart defects associated with each of these markers is low. TARGET AUDIENCE: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians LEARNING OBJECTIVES: After completion of this article, the reader should be able to define which patients should be referred for fetal echocardiography based on known risks, distinguish between relative and absolute risks for fetal congenital heart disease, and summarize fetal anomaly risks for women with altered glucose metabolism.
Gender Bias in Cardiovascular Disease Prevention, Detection, and Management, with Specific Reference to Coronary Artery Disease.; Even though cardiovascular disease (CVD) kills more women than men each year and remains a leading cause of death in women, it is a common misconception that women are less likely to develop CVD. Considerable sex difference exists between men and women with regard to prevention, investigations, and management of CVD. Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a major contributor to CVD morbidity and mortality and hence is specifically addressed in this article. With an explosive increase in the incidence of conventional risk factors for coronary artery disease in India, there has been an alarming increase in women's coronary events as much as men. A false sense of gender-based protection by estrogen leads to less aggressive and late prevention or management strategies that contribute to women's CAD. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is an important contributor to future development of CAD and is also an indicator for earlier interventions for prevention. Due to physical inactivity and central obesity, MetS is more prevalent in women, especially postmenopausal. With estrogen loss, menopause marks a critical cardiovascular biological transition, with a significantly increased CVD risk in women aged >55 years. Certain female-specific risk factors, such as history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes, also seem to play an essential role in the development of CVD in later life. Certain vascular and biological factors, such as smaller coronary vessel size, higher prevalence of small vessel disease, and lesser development of collateral flow, also play an important role. This review article is an attempt to provide important information on gender differences in CVD with specific emphasis on CAD.
Fetal echocardiography at term in diabetic pregnancies helps predict the adverse neonatal outcome - Results of a prospective observational study from South India.; There is sparse Indian data on whether fetal echocardiography among pregnant diabetics would be useful to predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. OBJECTIVES: To study fetal cardiac changes in diabetic mothers and non-diabetic controls from 24 weeks gestation until the neonatal period; correlate them with maternal glycemic control; study their implications on adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. METHODOLOGY: Prospective observational cohort study. Pregnant diabetics (17 overt, 66 gestational) recruited beyond 24 weeks, divided as well (39) and poorly (44) controlled, based on American Diabetes Association 2016 criteria. Controls were 102 healthy non-diabetic pregnancies. Fetal echocardiography performed at weeks 24-32, 32-36, >37, and between 4 and 7 days on neonates. The thickness of Interventricular septum (IVS), Right Ventricle (RV), and Left ventricle (LV) assessed with M mode. E/A ratio across Tricuspid/Mitral valves and Tei index determined. TDI(Tissue Doppler imaging) used to assess tissue annular velocities across IVS, RV, and LV. Maternal glycemic control and various perinatal/neonatal adverse outcomes were recorded. RESULTS: Significant myocardial hypertrophy seen among fetuses of diabetic mothers versus controls, most severe at term among the poorly controlled diabetics. Structural changes persisted in the neonate. At term, fetal myocardial dysfunction was evident among diabetic pregnancies only as poor annular systolic velocity across IVS, RV using TDI. However, Tissue Doppler changes could not predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Myocardial dysfunction could not be demonstrated in the neonates. Myocardial hypertrophy at term was a surrogate marker for suboptimal glycemic control, and it could predict important neonatal morbidities like hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, prolonged NICU stays, and persistent foetal cardiac shunts. CONCLUSION: Our study shows a significant association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and maternal glycemic control among GDM pregnancies. There also seems to be an association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and some of the adverse perinatal events including hypoglycemia. However these newborns were not found to have clinically relevant cardiac comorbidities even though there was significant septal hypertrophy in utero.
Intrapartum Results on Differing Degrees of Ketonuria in Nulliparous Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during Spontaneous Labor.; To compare intrapartum results associated with differing degrees of ketonuria in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we implemented a retrospective cohort study comparing clinical characteristics among differing degrees of ketonuria and the duration and distribution of ketonuria at different stages of labor. We also analyzed adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes for each group. A total of 570 GDM deliveries were included; of these, 238 had negative ketonuria (41.8%), 180 had moderate ketonuria (31.6%), and 152 had ketosis (26.6%). The proportion of patients with a family history of diabetes significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria increased (P < 0.001). Moreover, a significantly lower level of HOMA-IR (the insulin resistance index) was observed for the Negative group (P < 0.001). The triglyceride (TG) level was significantly higher in the Ketosis group (P < 0.001), and the total cholesterol (TC) levels significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria progressed (P < 0.001). There were also higher maternal blood sugar levels and a significantly higher proportion of oxytocin augmentation in ketonuria cases (P < 0.001). Over three-fourths of patients (75.6%) had a ketonuria duration of ≤2 hours in the Moderate group, 61.2% had a ketonuria duration of between 3 and 4 h in the Ketosis group, and most of the ketonuria cases resolved in the first stage of labor. As the degree of ketonuria progressed, we observed a significantly higher number of cases with fetal heart rate pattern III (FHR pattern III), meconium-stained amniotic fluid III (MSAF III), postpartum hemorrhages, prolonged labor, neonatal hypoglycemia, an umbilical cord arterial pH of <7.2, low Apgar scores, increased neonatal intensive care admissions, augmented forceps-assisted deliveries, and conversions to cesarean sections. The results showed that ketonuria is common during the intrapartum period and that the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes may increase when complicated with ketonuria.
Left ventricle diastolic dysfunction in diabetes: an update.; Diabetes mellitus, a disease that has been reaching epidemic proportions, is an important risk factor to the development of cardiovascular complication. Diabetes causes changes within the cardiac structure and function, even in the absence of atherosclerotic disease. The left ventricular diastolic dysfunction (VE) represents the earliest pre-clinical manifestation of diabetic cardiomyopathy, preceding the systolic dysfunction and being able to evolve to symptomatic heart failure. The doppler echocardiography has emerged as an important noninvasive diagnostic tool, providing reliable data in the stages of diastolic function, as well as for systolic function. With the advent of recent echocardiographic techniques, such as tissue Doppler and color M-mode, the accuracy in identifying the moderate diastolic dysfunction, the pseudonormal pattern, has significantly improved. Due to cardio-metabolic repercussions of DM, a detailed evaluation of cardiovascular function in diabetic patients is important, and some alterations may be seen even in patients with gestational diabetes.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Exercise may influence glucose metabolism during pregnancy. We examined the effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who followed a modified GDM meal plan. METHODS: Randomization occurred at study entry (16-20 weeks' gestation) into a low-intensity [30% heart rate reserve, low risk-30%I, n = 12; high risk-30%I, n = 11] or vigorous-intensity (70% heart rate reserve, low risk-70%I, n = 12; R-70%I, n = 11) exercise program with similar nutritional control. Exercise consisted of walking three to four times a week, gradually increasing time from 25 to 40 min/session. Free-living capillary glucose concentrations were measured once a week pre-exercise and post-exercise. RESULTS: Capillary glucose responses to exercise were strongly influenced by an interaction between GDM risk, exercise duration and exercise intensity (p = 0.006). Decreases in glucose concentrations were observed after 25 (4 ± 13%), 35 (21 ± 12%) and 40 min (15 ± 18%) of walking in high risk-30%I women, with the most noticeable decline after 35 and 40 min. In the high risk-70%I, glucose concentrations decreased significantly only after 25 (22 ± 14%) and 35 min (7 ± 23%) and increasing the exercise time attenuated glucose concentrations decline. In low risk women, regardless of exercise intensity and duration, decreases in glucose concentrations were significant and similar. CONCLUSION: To achieve the best decline in glucose concentrations, pregnant women who follow a modified GDM meal plan should walk for 25 min/session at vigorous intensity or for 35-40 min/session at low intensity if they are at risk for GDM and for at least 25 min at either low or vigorous intensity if they are at low risk for GDM.
2D-DIGE to identify proteins associated with gestational diabetes in omental adipose tissue.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for the type 2 diabetes epidemic in many populations. Maternal adipose tissue plays a central role in the pathophysiology of GDM. Thus, the aim of this study was to determine the effect of GDM on the proteome of adipose tissue. Omental adipose tissue was obtained at the time of term Caesarean section from women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or GDM. 2D-difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE), followed by mass spectrometry, was used to identify protein spots (n = 6 patients per group). Western blotting was used for confirmation of six of the spot differences (n = 6 patients per group). We found 14 proteins that were differentially expressed between NGT and GDM adipose tissue (≥ 1.4-fold, P < 0.05). GDM was associated with an up-regulation of four proteins: collagen alpha-2(VI) chain (CO6A2 (COL6A2)), fibrinogen beta chain (FIBB (FGB)), lumican (LUM) and S100A9. On the other hand, a total of ten proteins were found to be down-regulated in adipose tissue from GDM women. These were alpha-1-antitrypsin (AIAT (SERPINA 1)), annexin A5 (ANXA5), fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte (FABP4), glutathione S-transferase P (GSTP (GSTP1)), heat-shock protein beta-1 (HSP27 (HSPB1)), lactate dehydrogenase B chain (LDHB), perilipin-1 (PLIN1), peroxiredoxin-6 (PRX6 (PRDX6)), selenium-binding protein 1 (SBP1) and vinculin (VINC (VCL)). In conclusion, proteomic analysis of omental fat reveals differential expression of several proteins in GDM patients and NGT pregnant women. This study revealed differences in expression of proteins that are involved in inflammation, lipid and glucose metabolism and oxidative stress and added further evidence to support the role of visceral adiposity in the pathogenesis of GDM.
Intrapartum fetal ECG and diabetes.; AIM: The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and types of ST-segment changes of the fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) during labour in term fetuses born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) or gestational diabetes. METHODS: This was a retrospective case-control study involving populations from two multi centre trials: the Swedish Randomized Control Trial and the European Union ST-analysis (EU-STAN) trial. ST-segment changes were assessed in 104/309 cases and 207/468 controls from the Swedish and EU-STAN trials, respectively. RESULTS: ST depression was present on the FECG in 22.1% of fetuses of mothers with DM compared to 12% of controls OR = 2.6, 95% CI = 1.4-4.7, p = 0.002 after adjusting for trial, birth weight, and nulliparity. ST elevation was present in 47.1% of DM patients and 41.2% of controls (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 0.9-2.3, p = 0.18). CONCLUSION: ST depression on the FECG was significantly more prevalent in the fetuses of mothers with DM, probably not indicating hypoxia but an altered ability of the myocardium to respond to the stress of labour. Further studies into the mechanism of fetal compromise during diabetic labour, are required.
Serum platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase activity: relationship with metabolic syndrome in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate plasma platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase (PAF-AH) activity in euglycaemic women with history of gestational diabetes (GDM), and to explore whether this activity is associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) in this group of women. METHODS: The cross-sectional study included 36 women with history of GDM and 40 women with history of normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy (control group). RESULTS: Compared to the controls, the GDM group had significantly higher mean values for serum glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, triglyceride, GGT and plasma PAF-AH activity, and a statistically higher prevalence of MS. Within the GDM group, women diagnosed with MS had significantly higher PAF-AH activity than those without MS (p=0.002). CONCLUSION: This is the first study to have shown that plasma PAF-AH activity and GGT levels may be significant for evaluating atherosclerosis risk and metabolic hepatic damage in women with history of GDM.
Indications of Fetal Echocardiography and Detection of Congenital Heart Disease Prenatally in Tertiary Care Hospital.; Background Congenital Heart Diseases are common childhood congenital anomalies encountered in developed and developing countries. Due to the improved prenatal diagnostic modalities, the diagnosis of cardiac disease is increasing in newborns. Fetal echocardiography is considered a good and accurate diagnostic method for congenital heart disease. Objective To study the common indications of fetal echocardiography and the detection of congenital heart disease in Dhulikhel Hospital, Kathmandu University Hospital. Method In this hospital-based, retrospective study, we reviewed medical records of 324 fetuses who were indicated for fetal echocardiography at Dhulikhel Hospital over 24 months period of time (September 1, 2017 to August 31, 2019). Result The mean age of pregnant women at presentation for fetal echocardiography was 30.7 ± 4.7 years. The mean gestational age at diagnosis was 28.9 ± 4.9 weeks. Among all the pregnant women, 208 (65%) presented during the second trimester and 112 (35%) presented during the third trimester. Maternal indications for fetal echocardiography were seen in48.12% cases, whereas fetal indications were seen in 42.81% cases. The most common indication was for maternal gestational diabetes (30.31%). Among the 324fetal echocardiography results, 65.43% cases had normal findings, echogenic intra-cardiac foci were seen in 18.82% and significant abnormal findings were seen in 15.74% of cases. Among all women having maternal indication for echocardiography, 34 (22.07%) fetus had some form of abnormal findings, whereas only 17 (12.40%) fetus with fetal indication showed abnormal findings (p < 0.05). Conclusion Indication of fetal echocardiography is increasing and can be a good diagnostic tool to improve prognosis and outcome of a newborn. It has become widely used in pediatric cardiology. Raising awareness is necessary regarding the importance of fetal echocardiography in the management and outcome of a newborn with cardiac anomalies.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes. RECENT FINDINGS: It is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards. SUMMARY: The long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Preferred lifestyle intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of postpartum women following cardiometabolic pregnancy complications.; BACKGROUND: Women with cardiometabolic pregnancy complications are at increased risk of future diabetes and heart disease which can be reduced through lifestyle management postpartum. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to explore preferred intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of women with or without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications for engaging in postpartum lifestyle interventions. DESIGN: Quantitative cross-sectional study. METHODS: Online survey. RESULTS: Overall, 473 women were included, 207 (gestational diabetes (n = 105), gestational hypertension (n = 39), preeclampsia (n = 35), preterm birth (n = 65) and small for gestational age (n = 23)) with and 266 without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications. Women with and without complications had similar intervention preferences, with delivery ideally by a healthcare professional with expertise in women's health, occurring during maternal child health nurse visits or online, commencing 7 weeks to 3 months post birth, with 15- to 30-min monthly sessions, lasting 1 year and including monitoring of progress and social support. Women with prior complications preferred intervention content on women's health, mental health, exercise, mother's diet and their children's health and needed to know more about how to change behaviour, have more time to do it and feel they want to do it enough to participate. There were significant differences between groups, with more women with prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications wanting content on women's health (87.9% vs 80.8%, p = 0.037), mother's diet (72.5% vs 60.5%, p = 0.007), preventing diabetes or heart disease (43.5% vs 27.4%, p < 0.001) and exercise after birth (78.3% vs 68.0%, p = 0.014), having someone to monitor their progress (69.6% vs 58.6%, p = 0.014), needing the necessary materials (47.3% vs 37.6%, p = 0.033), triggers to prompt them (44.0% vs 31.6%, p = 0.006) and feeling they want to do it enough (73.4%, 63.2%, p = 0.018). CONCLUSION: These unique preferences should be considered in future postpartum lifestyle interventions to enhance engagement, improve health and reduce risk of future cardiometabolic disease in these high-risk women.
Persistent elevation and metabolic dependence of circulating E-selectin after delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The increased risk of premature atherosclerosis in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) might be related in part to augmented expression of endothelial adhesion molecules (AMs). So far it is, however, unknown whether increased circulating (c) AMs in NIDDM are only a consequence of this disease or also involved in its sequelae. To determine the presence of cAMs in a population at increased risk for subsequent development of NIDDM, we analyzed fasting and postprandial [oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT): 100 g] serum concentrations of circulating E-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (cVCAM-1), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (cICAM-1) in pregnant women with either gestational diabetes (GDM) or normal glucose tolerance (NT) before and after delivery vs. nonpregnant healthy women (C). During pregnancy cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 were elevated in both GDM and NT vs. nonpregnant females (P < 0.01 vs. C). Following delivery, all GDM females regained normal glucose tolerance according to OGTT criteria, but showed slightly higher postprandial [area under the curve (AUC)180 min] glycemia and HbA1c values than nonpregnant healthy women (P < 0.05), indicating persisting subtle abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism. cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 remained increased in GDM (P < 0.01 vs.C) after delivery, but fell to normal in NT (P < 0.05 before vs. after delivery). Furthermore, a correlation was seen in GDM females between cE-selectin and HbA1c (P < 0.005), fasting glucose (P < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.05) as well as postprandial (AUC180 min) glucose and insulin concentrations (P < 0.05) during OGTTs, both before and after delivery. ICAM-1, however, did not differ significantly between groups. In summary, GDM is characterized by persistently raised levels of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 12 weeks after delivery. Whether these persistent elevations of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 reflect early vascular injury or represent a risk factor for atherosclerosis in women at increased risk for NIDDM remains to be determined.
Gestational diabetes in mice induces hematopoietic memory that affects the long-term health of the offspring.; Gestational diabetes is a common medical complication of pregnancy that is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes and an increased risk of metabolic diseases and atherosclerosis in adult offspring. The mechanisms responsible for this delayed pathological transmission remain unknown. In mouse models, we found that the development of atherosclerosis in adult offspring born to diabetic pregnancy can be in part linked to hematopoietic alterations. Although they do not show any gross metabolic disruptions, the adult offspring maintain hematopoietic features associated with diabetes, indicating the acquisition of a lasting diabetic hematopoietic memory. We show that the induction of this hematopoietic memory during gestation relies on the activity of the advanced glycation end product receptor (AGER) and the nucleotide binding and oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome, which lead to increased placental inflammation. In adult offspring, we find that this memory is associated with DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) upregulation and epigenetic changes in hematopoietic progenitors. Together, our results demonstrate that the hematopoietic system can acquire a lasting memory of gestational diabetes and that this memory constitutes a pathway connecting gestational health to adult pathologies.
[Association of lipoprotein a in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study].; Objective: To investigate the association of lipoprotein a (Lpa) in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Methods: A total of 445 pregnant women in 12-14 gestational weeks from "Maternal Key Nutritional Factors and Offspring's Atopic Dermatitis" cohort were included in this study. The demographic characteristics of participants were collected by using questionnaires, and the fasting glucose and lipids levels in early pregnancy were measured. The results of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 24-28 gestational weeks were recorded. Multivariate logistic regression model was applied to analyze the association of Lpa with GDM by calculating the OR and 95%CI after adjustment for covariates. Results: The incidence number of GDM was 78 (17.5%). The Lpa level in pregnant women with GDM was significantly higher than that in pregnant women without GDM [105.5 (92.0, 122.0) vs. 97.0 (87.0, 109.0) mg/L], P<0.05. Lpa was significantly associated with GDM risk [OR (95%CI) =1.21(1.08-1.36) per 10 mg/L], P<0.05. The association was still significant after adjustment for covariates including age, gestational weeks et al, the adjusted OR was 1.14 (95%CI: 1.01-1.30), P=0.03. Conclusions: The elevation of Lpa in early pregnancy is one of risk factor for GDM. Maintaining normal Lpa level during early pregnancy can benefit early prevention of GDM and offspring health.
Effect of race/ethnicity on hypertension risk subsequent to gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is greater in racially/ethnically diverse groups compared with non-Hispanic white populations. Although race has been shown to modify other cardiovascular disease risk factors in postpartum women, the role of race/ethnicity on GDM and subsequent hypertension has yet to be examined. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of race/ethnicity in relation to GDM and subsequent hypertension in a retrospective analysis of women who delivered at Massachusetts General Hospital from 1998 to 2007. Multivariate analyses were used to determine the associations between GDM and (1) race/ethnicity, (2) hypertension, and (3) the interaction with hypertension and race/ethnicity. Women were monitored for a median of 3.8 years from the date of delivery. In our population of 4,010 women, GDM was more common in nonwhite participants (p<0.0001). GDM was also associated with hypertension subsequent to delivery after adjusting for age, race, parity, first-trimester systolic blood pressure, body mass index, maternal gestational weight gain, and preeclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 1.75, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28 to 2.37, p=0.0004). Moreover, Hispanic (HR 3.25, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.72, p<0.0001) and white (HR 1.68, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.57, p=0.02) women with GDM had greater hypertension risk relative to their race/ethnicity-specific counterparts without GDM in race-stratified multivariable analyses. In conclusion, Hispanic women compared with white women have an increased risk of hypertension. Hispanic and white women with GDM are at a greater risk for hypertension compared with those without GDM. Because the present study may have had limited power to detect effects among black and Asian women with GDM, further research is warranted to elucidate the need for enhanced hypertension risk surveillance in these young women.
Effect of pioglitazone on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in non-diabetic premenopausal Hispanic women with prior gestational diabetes.; The Pioglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (PIPOD) study was a single arm 3-year open-label pioglitazone treatment to determine the effects of pioglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who had completed the troglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (TRIPOD) study. Here we report the results on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in non-diabetic women. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates during pioglitazone treatment to rates that had been observed during either placebo or troglitazone treatment in the TRIPOD study. Sixty-one women met the entry criteria with mean age of 40 years. In the 30 women who came to PIPOD from the placebo arm of TRIPOD, the CIMT rate was 69% lower during pioglitazone treatment than it had been during placebo (0.0031 vs. 0.0100mm/yr, p=0.006). In the 31 women who came to PIPOD from the troglitazone arm of TRIPOD, CIMT rate was 38% lower during pioglitazone than it had been during troglitazone, a difference that was not statistically significant (0.0037 vs. 0.0060mm/year; p=0.26). Adjustment for differences in baseline characteristics and potential on-trial confounders did not alter the conclusion but did increase the CIMT rates differences slightly. We conclude that treatment with pioglitazone slowed CIMT progression in women who had been on placebo in the TRIPOD study and maintained a relatively low rate of progression in women who had been on troglitazone. Pioglitazone slows progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in young Hispanic women at increased risk for type 2 diabetes.
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; A prospective cohort study was conducted to assess the impact of a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risk and age of onset of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, independent of hypertension and T2D. Between 1993 and 1997, 22 265 ever-pregnant women were included from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-NL study, aged 20 to 70 years at baseline. Details on complications of pregnancy and known hypertension were obtained by questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment. Participants were followed for the occurrence of CVD events. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, multivariable logistic regression, and Cox proportional hazard (with HDP and GDM as time-dependent variables for T2D and CVD) models. At enrollment, women with a HDP reported diagnosis of hypertension 7.7 years earlier (95% confidence interval [CI] 6.9-8.5) and women with GDM reported diagnosis of T2D 7.7 years earlier (95% CI 5.8-9.6) than women without pregnancy complications. After adjustment for potential confounders, HDP was associated with presence of hypertension at enrollment (odds ratio 2.12, 95% CI 1.98-2.28) and onset of CVD later in life (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI 1.10-1.32). After including the intermediates hypertension and T2D in the model, the risk of CVD later in life decreased (hazard ratio 1.09, 95% CI 1.00-1.20). GDM was associated with an increased risk of developing T2D later in life (hazard ratio 3.68, 95% CI 2.77-4.90), but not with risk of CVD. HDP and GDM have a substantial impact on the risk of CVD and are potentially important indicators for preventive cardiovascular risk management.
Ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy.; In this review, we summarise the current epidemiological and experimental evidence on the association of ambient (outdoor) air pollution exposure and maternal cardiovascular health during pregnancy. This topic is of utmost clinical and public health importance as pregnant women represent a potentially susceptible group due to the delicate balance of the feto-placental circulation, rapid fetal development and tremendous physiological adaptations to the maternal cardiorespiratory system during pregnancy.Several meta-analyses including up to 4 245 170 participants provide robust evidence that air pollutants, including particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and others, have adverse effects on the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular events during labour. Potential underlying biological mechanisms include oxidative stress with subsequent endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation, β-cell dysfunction and epigenetic changes. Endothelial dysfunction can lead to hypertension by impairing vasodilatation and promoting vasoconstriction. Air pollution and the consequent oxidative stress can additionally accelerate β-cell dysfunction, which in turn triggers insulin resistance leading to gestational diabetes mellitus. Epigenetic changes in placental and mitochondrial DNA following air pollution exposures can lead to altered gene expression and contribute to placental dysfunction and induction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.The maternal and fetal consequences of such cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease during pregnancy can be serious and long lasting, including preterm birth, increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular disease later in life. Acceleration of efforts to reduce air pollution is therefore urgently needed to realise the full health benefits for pregnant mothers and their children.
Association of Maternal Prepregnancy Diabetes and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Congenital Anomalies of the Newborn.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 12 subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We included 29,211,974 live births with maternal age ranging from 18 to 49 years old documented in the National Vital Statistics System in the U.S. from 2011 to 2018. Information on prepregnancy diabetes, GDM, and congenital anomalies was retrieved from birth certificates. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs for congenital anomalies overall and by subtypes. RESULTS: Of the 29,211,974 live births, there were 90,061 infants who had congenital anomalies identified at birth. The adjusted RRs of congenital anomalies at birth were 2.44 (95% CI 2.33-2.55) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.28 (95% CI 1.24-1.31) for GDM. The associations were generally consistent across subgroups by maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy obesity status, and infant sex. For specific subtypes of congenital anomalies, maternal prepregnancy diabetes or GDM was associated with an increased risk of most subtypes. For example, the adjusted RRs of cyanotic congenital heart disease were 4.61 (95% CI 4.28-4.96) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.50 (95% CI 1.43-1.58) for GDM; the adjusted RRs of hypospadias were 1.88 (95% CI 1.67-2.12) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.29 (95% CI 1.21-1.36) for GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Prepregnancy diabetes and, to a lesser extent, GDM were associated with several subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. These findings suggest potential benefits of preconception counseling in women with preexisting diabetes or at risk for GDM for the prevention of congenital anomalies.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and AGEs are associated with cardiovascular risk factors in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Although most women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) return to normal glucose tolerance after delivery, they have increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases. This study aimed to evaluate the relationships between plasma levels of Lp-pla2 and AGEs and cardiometabolic risk factors in women with GDM. METHODS: 190 women with GDM (cases) and 80 healthy women (controls) were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data were collected and analyzed about 2 years after the delivery. RESULTS: Of the 190 cases, 19 (10%), 38 (20%) and 10 (5%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and hypertension after delivery, respectively. There were significant differences in variables between cases and controls: Lp-pla2 (pg/mL) 1991.5 ± 905.3 versus 1527.0 ± 799.8; AGEs (ng/mL) 403.0 ± 208.6 versus 321.8 ± 150.3. The plasma Lp-pla2 and AGEs levels were positively correlated with metabolic indexes in women with previous GDM. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. AGEs and Lp-pla2 could be utilized as novel biomarkers to identify at an early stage of women with increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
Are TallyHo Mice A True Mouse Model for Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease?; The purpose of our article is to critically assess if TallyHo mice are a true mouse model for type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Diabetes is a lifestyle condition that is characterized by elevated blood glucose due to either insufficient amount of insulin or the body's inability to use the produced insulin efficiently. Diabetes occurs in multiple forms, including type 1, type 2, type 3, neonatal, and gestational. Type 2 diabetes covers 95% of overall diabetes, found in individuals 65 years of age and above. Both modifiable and non-modifiable factors are involved in developing diabetes. In patients with diabetes, increased blood glucose levels are reported to induce multiple complications, such as heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and damage to the eyes. However, the molecular basis of diabetes is not completely understood. Further, there are no accurate animal model(s) that mimic both type 1 and type 2 diabetes of humans. Multiple polygenic models are being used, including the Goto-Kakizaki rat, the Otzhka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, the Nagoya Shibata Yasuda mouse, the New Zealand obese mouse, the Tsumura-Suzuki obese diabetes mouse, leptin deficient ob/ob and the leptin receptor deficient db/db mouse models. In 2001, Kim and colleagues described the TallyHo mice that represent many features of type 2 diabetes of humans. Since then, several groups studied TallyHo mice. Only the male mice develop hyperglycemia and the females exhibit features of obesity. Thus, this model can be used to study both diabetes and obesity. The purpose of this article is to discuss recent developments in TallyHo mice research including diabetes onset and progression.
Cinnamaldehyde mitigates placental vascular dysfunction of gestational diabetes and protects from the associated fetal hypoxia by modulating placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and oxidative stress.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy-related disorder with an increasing prevalence worldwide. GDM is associated with altered placental vascular functions and has severe consequences for fetal growth. There is no commonly accepted medication for GDM due to safety considerations. Actions of the currently limited therapeutic options focus exclusively on lowering the blood glucose level without paying attention to the altered placental vascular reactivity and remodelling. We used the fat-sucrose diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ) rat model of GDM to explore the efficacy of cinnamaldehyde (Ci; 20 mg/kg/day), a promising antidiabetic agent for GDM, and glyburide/metformin-HCl (Gly/Met; 0.6 + 100 mg/kg/day), as a reference drug for treatment of GDM, on the placenta structure and function at term pregnancy after their oral intake one week before mating onward. Through genome-wide transcriptome, biochemical, metabolome, metal analysis and histopathology we obtained an integrated understanding of their effects. GDM resulted in maternal and fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hyperinsulinemia and placental dysfunction with subsequent fetal anemia, hepatic iron deficiency and high serum erythropoietin level, reflecting fetal hypoxia. Differentially-regulated genes were overrepresented for pathways of angiogenesis, metabolic transporters and oxidative stress. Despite Ci and Gly/Met effectively alleviated the maternal and fetal glycemia, only Ci offered substantial protection from GDM-associated placental vasculopathy and prevented the fetal hypoxia. This was explained by Ci's impact on the molecular regulation of placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and redox signaling. In conclusion, Ci provides a dual impact for the treatment of GDM at both maternal and fetal levels through its antidiabetic effect and the direct placental vasoprotective action. Lack of Gly/Met effectiveness to restore it's impaired functionality demonstrates the vital role of the placenta in developing efficient medications for GDM.
The association of red and processed meat with gestational diabetes mellitus: Results from 2 Canadian birth cohort studies.; OBJECTIVE: Red and processed meat is considered risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the evidence is inconclusive. We aimed to examine the association between red and processed meat intake and odds of GDM among South Asian and White European women living in Canada. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional analysis of pregnant women from two birth cohorts: SouTh Asian biRth cohorT (START; n = 976) and Family Atherosclerosis Monitoring In earLY life (FAMILY; n = 581). Dietary intake was assessed using a validated 169-item semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between gestational diabetes and: 1) total red and processed meat; 2) unprocessed red meat; 3) processed meat and GDM after adjustment for potential confounders. RESULTS: There were 241 GDM cases in START and 91 in FAMILY. The median total red and processed meat intake were 1.5 g/d (START) and 52.8 g/d (FAMILY). In START, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio (OR) showed neither lower nor higher intakes of unprocessed red meat (p-trend = 0.68), processed meat (p-trend = 0.90), or total red and processed meat (p-trend = 0.44), were associated with increased odds of GDM, when compared with medium intake. Similar results were observed in FAMILY except for processed meat intake [OR = 0.94 (95% CI 0.47-1.91), for medium versus low and OR = 1.51 (95% CI 0.77-2.29) for medium versus high; p-trend = 0.18] after adjusting for additional dietary factors such as the diet quality score, total fiber, saturated fat and glycemic load. CONCLUSION: Medium compared with low or high red and processed meat intake is not associated with GDM in White Europeans and South Asians living in Canada.
Exercise guidelines in pregnancy: new perspectives.; In 2002, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists published exercise guidelines for pregnancy, which suggested that in the absence of medical or obstetric complications, 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise a day on most, if not all, days of the week is recommended for pregnant women. However, these guidelines did not define 'moderate intensity' or the specific amount of weekly caloric expenditure from physical activity required. Recent research has determined that increasing physical activity energy expenditure to a minimum of 16 metabolic equivalent task (MET) hours per week, or preferably 28 MET hours per week, and increasing exercise intensity to ≥60% of heart rate reserve during pregnancy, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and perhaps hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (i.e. gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) compared with less vigorous exercise. To achieve the target expenditure of 28 MET hours per week, one could walk at 3.2 km per hour for 11.2 hours per week (2.5 METs, light intensity), or preferably exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 hours per week (∼6-7 METs, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total time of exercise is required per week, resulting in ≥60% reduction in total exercise time compared with light intensity exercise. Light muscle strengthening performed over the second and third trimester of pregnancy has minimal effects on a newborn infant's body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested.
Very Long-Chain Acyl-Coenzyme A Dehydrogenase Deficiency.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Deficiency of very long-chain acyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase (VLCAD), which catalyzes the initial step of mitochondrial beta-oxidation of long-chain fatty acids with a chain length of 14 to 20 carbons, is associated with three phenotypes. The severe early-onset cardiac and multiorgan failure form typically presents in the first months of life with hypertrophic or dilated cardiomyopathy, pericardial effusion, and arrhythmias, as well as hypotonia, hepatomegaly, and intermittent hypoglycemia. The hepatic or hypoketotic hypoglycemic form typically presents during early childhood with hypoketotic hypoglycemia and hepatomegaly, but without cardiomyopathy. The later-onset episodic myopathic form presents with intermittent rhabdomyolysis provoked by exercise, muscle cramps and/or pain, and/or exercise intolerance. Hypoglycemia typically is not present at the time of symptoms. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of VLCAD deficiency is established in a proband with a specific pattern of abnormal acylcarnitine levels on biochemical testing and/or by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in ACADVL on molecular genetic testing. If one ACADVL pathogenic variant is found and suspicion of VLCAD deficiency is high, specialized biochemical testing using cultured fibroblasts or lymphocytes may be needed for confirmation of the diagnosis. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Routine daily treatment. Low-fat formula or low long-chain fat / high medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) medical food, with 13%-39% of calories as total fat; total dietary protein above the dietary reference intake for age; MCT oil or triheptanoin supplementation; carnitine supplementation; consider supplementation with linoleic acid, arachidonic acid, alpha-linolenic acid, and docosahexaenoic acid; frequent feeding in infants and a bedtime snack high in complex carbohydrates in children and adults; nasogastric tube feeding for those with feeding issues; guided exercise and avoidance of severe exercise to address exercise intolerance in older individuals; standard treatment of cardiomyopathy; supportive developmental therapies as needed. Emergency outpatient treatment. Consider a trial outpatient treatment at home for up to 12 hours, including frequent high carbohydrate feedings, reduced fasting duration time, antipyretics, and antiemetics. Acute inpatient treatment. Administration of high-energy fluids (≥10% IV dextrose) with electrolytes at a rate of at least 1.5 times maintenance (minimum of 8 mg/kg/min of glucose) while avoiding the use of L-carnitine and IV lipids; standard treatment for cardiomyopathy / cardiac failure; ample hydration and alkalization of the urine for those with rhabdomyolysis. Prevention of secondary complications: Acute rhabdomyolysis is treated with ample hydration and alkalization of the urine to protect kidney function and to prevent acute kidney failure secondary to myoglobinuria; if a surgery or procedure is required, notify designated metabolic center in advance of the procedure to discuss perioperative management with surgeons and anesthesiologists; some anesthetics may be contraindicated. Surveillance: Measurement of growth parameters (including head circumference) and assessment of feeding skills (in infants/toddlers) at each visit; plasma carnitine panel, acylcarnitine profile, and creatine kinase level every three months for the first year of life, every three to six months for those between age one and seven years, and every six to 12 months for those older than age seven years; red blood cell or plasma essential fatty acids every six months for those on long-chain fat restriction; measurement of vitamins A, D, and E annually or as clinically indicated for those on long-chain fat restriction; echocardiogram at least annually or as clinically indicated; DXA scan every five years in adults; measurement of complete blood count, ferritin level, comprehensive metabolic panel, troponin, and B-type natriuretic protein as clinically indicated. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Fasting; myocardial irritation; dehydration; high-fat diet; and volatile anesthetics and anesthetics that contain high doses of long-chain fatty acids such as propofol and etomidate. Evaluation of relatives at risk: Evaluation of all at-risk sibs of any age is warranted to identify those who would benefit from treatment and preventive measures. Pregnancy management: Labor and postpartum periods are catabolic states and place the mother at higher risk for rhabdomyolysis and subsequent myoglobinuria. A management plan for labor and delivery is necessary for the affected pregnant woman. In addition to regular assessment by a cardiologist and maternal fetal medicine specialist, the following are recommended: visit with a nutritionist familiar with VLCAD deficiency monthly or at least in each trimester; measurement of plasma carnitine panel (total, free, esters) and creatine kinase level at each visit; plasma acylcarnitine profile weekly to monthly; red blood cell or plasma essential fatty acids (for those on long-chain fat restriction) at least once during pregnancy; echocardiogram either prior to conception or as soon as a pregnancy is recognized; measurement of vitamins A, D, and E (for those on long-chain fat restriction), complete blood count, ferritin level, and metabolic panel as a baseline or as clinically indicated. GENETIC COUNSELING: VLCAD deficiency is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for an ACADVL pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of inheriting neither of the familial pathogenic variants. Molecular genetic carrier testing for at-risk relatives and prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing are possible if the pathogenic variants in the family are known.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac functions in the setting of maternal diabetes: Application of the global spherical index, global strain and fractional area change by the speckle tracking technique.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate ventricular contractility and profile heart deformations in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers using the Speckle tracking imaging (STI). The fractional area change (FAC), global longitudinal strain (GLS) and global sphericity index (GSI) of the 4-chamber view (4-CV) were computed. STUDY DESIGN: Dynamic 4-CV images of 60 fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) and 60 controls were retrospectively collected between 19 and 37 weeks of gestation. Speckle-tracking analysis was used to compute and compare GSI, GLS and FAC of the right ventricle (RV) and the left ventricle (LV) between the groups. By definition, GSI was the ratio of the epicardial basal-apical length in end-diastole (BAL) to the overall transverse length of RV and LV in end-diastole (TL). The FAC was calculated by dividing the difference between end-diastolic area and end-systolic area by the end-diastolic area. Similarly, the GLS of the RV and LV was obtained by dividing the difference between the endocardial length in end-systole and endocardial length in end-diastole to the endocardial length in end-diastole. Data for conventional echocardiographic parameters, standard biological measurements of fetus and maternal baseline characteristics were also recorded and compared between the groups. Linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association between age, BMI and the inter-ventricular septum thickness (IVST). RESULTS: Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.74). In fetuses exposed to MD, the thickness of the IVS was higher while the FAC of RV, GLS of RV and the GSI were all significantly lower. The FAC and global strain of LV generally decreased with progress in gestation but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Conventional echocardiography in fetuses exposed to MD revealed a lower mitral E/A ratio and a larger myocardial performance index (MPI) of the RV and LV. Although the annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) were also lower in this group, the difference was not statistically significant compared to fetuses of the control group. No regression relationship between age, BMI and IVST were noticed in any group. CONCLUSION: This study found that diastolic dysfunction among fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers is accompanied by global cardiac deformation and functional decrease of the RV in systole in the second and third trimester. The GSI, global strain and FAC acquired by SRI can be used as convenient and reliable quantitative parameters in the assessment of cardiac function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
Increased fat mass and cardiac septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled diabetes during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Improved glycaemic control during pregnancy in mothers with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) has resulted in a marked reduction of perinatal mortality and morbidity, but the prevalence of macrosomia is usually high. OBJECTIVE: We used non-invasive anthropometric methods to estimate the body composition and the thickness of the interventricular heart septum in 18 infants of mothers with well-controlled T1DM, 10 infants of mothers with GDM and 28 infants of healthy control mothers matched for gestational age and mode of delivery. METHODS: Skinfold measurements were obtained with a Harpenden calliper within 48 h after delivery. Echocardiography was also performed to measure the thickness of the interventricular septum. Cord blood was sampled for assays of C-peptide, leptin and IGF-I. RESULTS: The rates of macrosomia (gestational age-adjusted birth weight >2 standard deviation score, SDS) were 56 and 30% in infants of mothers with T1DM and GDM, respectively, compared to 10% in control infants. The body fat content was 40% (0.2 kg) higher and the interventricular heart septum thickness was increased by 20% in both groups of infants of diabetic mothers. We found no associations between maternal levels of HbA1c during pregnancy and body composition or interventricular heart septum thickness. Cord levels of C-peptide and leptin were significantly higher in infants of T1DM mothers than in control infants. Cord leptin level was associated with birth weight SDS and percent body fat in infants of T1DM mothers. IGF-I was associated with percent body fat in infants of GDM mothers and control mothers. A multiple-regression analysis showed that 50% of the variation in body weight SDS could be determined, with IGF-I, leptin and C-peptide as independent variables. CONCLUSION: Both fat mass and cardiac septal thickness are increased in newborn infants of women with T1DM and GDM in spite of efforts to achieve good glycaemic control during pregnancy.
Predictive and diagnostic biomarkers for gestational diabetes and its associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the presence of high blood glucose levels with the onset, or detected for the first time during pregnancy, as a result of increased insulin resistance. GDM may be induced by dysregulation of pancreatic β-cell function and/or by alteration of secreted gestational hormones and peptides related with glucose homeostasis. It may affect one out of five pregnancies, leading to perinatal morbidity and adverse neonatal outcomes, and high risk of chronic metabolic and cardiovascular injuries in both mother and offspring. Currently, GDM diagnosis is based on evaluation of glucose homeostasis at late stages of pregnancy, but increased age and body-weight, and familiar or previous occurrence of GDM, may conditionate this criteria. In addition, an earlier and more specific detection of GDM with associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk could improve GDM development and outcomes. In this sense, 1st-2nd trimester-released biomarkers found in maternal plasma including adipose tissue-derived factors such as adiponectin, visfatin, omentin-1, fatty acid-binding protein-4 and retinol binding-protein-4 have shown correlations with GDM development. Moreover, placenta-related factors such as sex hormone-binding globulin, afamin, fetuin-A, fibroblast growth factors-21/23, ficolin-3 and follistatin, or specific micro-RNAs may participate in GDM progression and be useful for its recognition. Finally, urine-excreted metabolites such as those related with serotonin system, non-polar amino-acids and ketone bodies, may complete a predictive or early-diagnostic panel of biomarkers for GDM.
Neurobehaviour of school age children born to diabetic mothers.; AIM: To study the neurobehavioural effects that diabetes during pregnancy might have on children by school age. METHODS: The neurobehavioural function of 57 school age children born to 48, well controlled diabetic mothers was compared with 57 control children matched for age, birth order, and parental socioeconomic status, using several cognitive, behavioural, sensory and motor neurological tests. RESULTS: The IQ scores of the index group children were similar to those of control children (117.7 +/- 13.4 vs 118.5 +/- 10.1). There were no differences between the groups in various sensory motor functions. However, the index group children performed less well than the controls on indices of fine and gross motor functions, as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzky test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to diabetic mothers were higher than controls on the Touwen and Prechtl neurological examination. They also performed worse in the Pollack tapper test which is designed to detect minor neurological deficits, inattention, and hyperactivity. The index children had higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parent-teacher questionnaire which measures hyperactivity and inattention. There was a negative correlation between the performance of the index group children on various neurodevelopmental and behavioural tests and the severity of hyperglycaemia, as assessed by blood glycosylated haemoglobin and acetonuria. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes during pregnancy adversely affects some fine neurological functions in children at school age, but not their cognitive scores. These effects are not correlated with the degree of glycaemic control.
Association of History of Gestational Diabetes With Long-term Cardiovascular Disease Risk in a Large Prospective Cohort of US Women.; IMPORTANCE: Previous studies identify gestational diabetes (GD) as a risk factor for intermediate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; however, few are prospective, evaluate hard CVD end points, or account for shared risk factors including body weight and lifestyle. OBJECTIVE: To prospectively evaluate history of GD in relation to incident CVD risk. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) is an observational cohort study of US female nurses established in 1989, with ongoing follow-up. Biennial questionnaires updated behavioral characteristics, health outcomes, and lifestyle factors. Multivariable Cox models estimated the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for CVD risk. We included 89 479 women who reported at least 1 pregnancy and were free of CVD and cancer at baseline. Follow-up through May 31, 2015, was complete for more than 90% of eligible participants. EXPOSURES: History of GD was self-reported at baseline (1989) via questionnaire and updated every 2 years. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: We observed 1161 incident self-reported nonfatal or fatal myocardial infarction or stroke, confirmed via medical records. RESULTS: Participants had a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years. Adjusting for age, prepregnancy body mass index, and other covariates, GD vs no GD was associated with subsequent CVD (HR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.12-1.81). Additional adjustment for weight gain since pregnancy and updated lifestyle factors attenuated the association (HR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.01-1.65). Classifying GD by progression to T2D in relation to CVD risk indicated a positive association for GD with progression to T2D vs no GD or T2D (HR, 4.02; 95% CI, 1.94-8.31), and an attenuated relationship for GD only (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 0.99-1.71). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Gestational diabetes was positively associated with CVD later in life, although the absolute rate of CVD in this younger cohort of predominantly white women was low. This relationship is possibly mediated in part by subsequent weight gain and lack of healthy lifestyle.
Usefulness of second trimester left ventricular global longitudinal strain for predicting adverse maternal outcome in pregnant women aged 35 years or older.; The present study was primarily designed to accurately determine biventricular and biatrial myocardial function, assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE), in a prospective cohort of pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years, at the second trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we aimed at investigating the main independent predictors of adverse maternal outcome (AMO) in the same study population. 80 consecutive pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years, 80 gestational week-matched (18.4 ± 1.6 vs 18.5 ± 1.8 weeks, p = 0.71) pregnant women aged < 35 years and 80 non-pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years without any comorbidity were included in this prospective study. All pregnant women underwent obstetric evaluation, modified Haller index (MHI) assessment and a conventional two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with complete 2D-STE analysis of both ventricles and atria at the second trimester of pregnancy. AMO was defined as the occurrence of any of the following: gestational hypertension (GH) including preeclampsia; gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); preterm delivery (PD); emergency caesarean section (ECS); postpartum haemorrhage (PPH); premature rupture of membranes (PROM); maternal death. Compared to younger pregnant women, pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years were more likely to be found with: (1) body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2) (37.5% of total); (2) significantly increased inflammatory markers; (3) significantly greater left ventricular mass index; (4) significantly impaired hemodynamics; (5) significantly reduced bi-atrial and bi-ventricular myocardial strain parameters, despite normal ejection fraction. A strong inverse correlation between second trimester BMI and left ventricular (LV)-global longitudinal strain (GLS) (r =  - 0.84) and between second trimester MHI and LV-GLS (r =  - 0.81) was demonstrated in pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years. GH, GDM, PD, ECS, PPH and PROM were detected in 15%, 12.5%, 10%, 8.7%, 8.7% and 7.5% of women, respectively. Age (OR 2.04, 95% CI 1.46-2.84), second trimester BMI (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.64-3.51) and second trimester LV-GLS (OR 0.07, 95%C I 0.01-0.34) were independently associated with outcome. Age ≥ 37 years, BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2) and LV-GLS less negative than - 18% were the best cut-off values for predicting AMO. A LV-GLS less negative than - 18% allows to identify, among older pregnant women, those with an increased risk of AMO. Both intrinsic myocardial dysfunction and extrinsic compressive mechanical phenomena might affect global myocardial deformation during gestation.
Season of delivery and risk of venous thromboembolism during hospitalization among pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Seasons were found to be related to the occurrences of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in hospitalized patients. No previous study has explored whether seasons were associated with VTE risk in pregnant women. This study aimed to investigate the relationships between the season of delivery and VTE risk during hospitalization among pregnant women. METHODS: This is a multi-center retrospective cohort study of pregnant women. Participants were those who delivered at seven designated sites in Hubei Province, China, during the period from January 2017 to December 2022. They were categorized according to their season/month of delivery. Information on new-onset VTE during hospitalization was followed. RESULTS: Approximately 0.28% (104/37,778) of the pregnant women developed new-onset VTE during hospitalization for delivery. After adjustment, compared with participants in the spring group, participants in the summer, autumn, and winter groups had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization. The ORs were 2.59 [1.30, 5.15], 2.83 [1.43, 5.60], and 2.35 [1.17, 4.75] for the summer, autumn, and winter groups, respectively. Pregnant women in the combined group (summer + autumn + winter) had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization than those in the spring group (OR, 2.59 [1.39, 4.85]). By restricting the analyses among pregnant women without in vitro fertilization, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm, the results still remained robust. Compared with participants who delivered in March, April, and May, participants who delivered in June, July, September, November, December, and February had a higher risk of VTE during hospitalization. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that pregnant women who delivered in summer, autumn, and winter had an increased VTE risk during hospitalization compared with those who delivered in spring.
Cardiovascular Care for Pregnant Women With Cardiovascular Disease.; BACKGROUND: Cardio-obstetrics refers to a team-based approach to maternal care that includes multidisciplinary collaboration among maternal fetal medicine, cardiology, and others. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to describe clinical characteristics, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions in a cohort of pregnant women with underlying cardiovascular disease (CVD) followed by a cardio-obstetrics team. METHODS: We identified patients evaluated by our cardio-obstetrics team from January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2019, at a quaternary care hospital in New York City. Information was collected regarding demographics, comorbidities, underlying CVD, medications, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions. Each patient was assigned a Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy (CARPREG) II score based on her clinical characteristics and underlying CVD. RESULTS: During the study period, 306 pregnant women (median age 29 years, 52.9% Hispanic or Latino) with CVD were seen. Most women (74.2%) were insured through Medicaid. The most common forms of CVD included arrhythmia (n = 88, 28.8%), congenital heart disease (n = 72, 23.5%), and cardiomyopathy (n = 72, 23.5%). The median CARPREG II score was 3; 130 patients (42.5%) had a CARPREG II score ≥4. Gestational diabetes occurred in 11.4%, gestational hypertension in 9.5%, and preeclampsia in 12.1% of women. Intensive care unit admission was required for 27 patients (8.8%) during delivery. Median gestational age for delivery was 38 weeks (interquartile range: 37 to 39). Live birth occurred in 98% of pregnancies. One maternal death occurred within a year of delivery in a woman with Eisenmenger syndrome. Following delivery, 30-day readmission rate was 2% and the rate of readmission from 30 to 90 days postpartum was 4.6%. Median follow-up was 2.6 years. CONCLUSIONS: In a population of primarily Medicaid-insured pregnant women managed by a cardio-obstetrics team, maternal outcomes were encouraging and readmission rates following delivery were low. Prospective studies are needed to evaluate the impact of cardio-obstetric models of care on maternal outcomes.
Midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased long-term cardiovascular risk. Mild cardiac functional alterations have been detected in women with GDM or HDP in midgestation, prior to clinical onset of the disease, but these functional alterations have not been found to be useful as screening tools. In contrast, increased impedance to peripheral blood flow, measured by echocardiography or ophthalmic artery Doppler, has been shown to provide incremental value to maternal characteristics for the prediction of pre-eclampsia. However, it is unknown whether similar changes can be detected in women at risk of GDM. In this study, we performed detailed cardiovascular phenotyping in a large, unselected population of women in midgestation to identify similarities and differences in cardiovascular adaptation in women who are at risk of GDM and/or HDP. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included assessment of flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries, echocardiography for assessment of maternal cardiovascular function and measurement of uterine artery pulsatility index and serum placental growth factor (PlGF) for assessment of placental perfusion and function. The measured indices were converted to either multiples of the median (MoM) values or deviation from the median (delta) after adjusting for maternal characteristics and elements of medical history. Biomarker delta or MoM values in the GDM and HDP groups were compared with those in the unaffected group using 95% CI and t-tests. RESULTS: The study population of 5214 pregnancies contained 4429 (84.9%) that were unaffected by GDM or HDP, 509 (9.8%) complicated by GDM without HDP, 41 (0.8%) with GDM and HDP, and 235 (4.5%) with HDP without GDM. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there was evidence of impaired placentation, with a decrease in PlGF, and increased impedance to flow in the peripheral circulation, suggested by an increase in ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio, peripheral vascular resistance assessed on echocardiography and mean arterial pressure. In the GDM group without HDP, there was no evidence of altered placental perfusion or function and ophthalmic artery PSV ratio was not significantly different from that in the unaffected group; peripheral vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure were increased but to a lesser degree than in the HDP group. In the HDP group, there was an increase in global longitudinal systolic strain and slight increase in isovolumic relaxation time, while in the GDM group, there was an increase in mitral valve E/e', myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSIONS: In midgestation, women who subsequently develop HDP or GDM have a mild subclinical reduction in left ventricular function. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there is evidence of impaired placentation and all biomarkers of impedance to peripheral blood flow are consistently increased. In contrast, in the GDM group without HDP, biomarkers of placental function are normal and those of impedance to peripheral blood flow are either marginally increased or not significantly different from those in normal pregnancies. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive coronary artery disease among postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Reproductive factors are female-specific coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. However, the importance of reproductive factors in angiographic obstructive CAD in postmenopausal women remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare reproductive factors between postmenopausal women with no apparent CAD, nonobstructive CAD, and obstructive CAD and identify reproductive risk factors for obstructive CAD. METHODS: In this hospital-based cross-sectional study, 1,474 postmenopausal women, admitted with chest pain and referred for invasive coronary angiography were enrolled between April 2013 and October 2018. RESULTS: Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for obstructive CAD were 1.81 (1.03-3.17) for multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), 1.77 (1.14-2.76) for early menopause (≤40 y old), and 1.72 (1.26-2.35) for short reproductive life span (≤30 y). Each additional year in age at menopause or reproductive life span was associated with a 4% reduction in obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women (odds ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99; P = 0.011). The other reproductive factors, including parity, age at first birth, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and age at menarche, were not correlated with obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women. CONCLUSIONS: Multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), early menopause, and a shorter reproductive life span were independent risk factors of angiographic obstructive CAD among postmenopausal women, which suggested that pregnancy and ovarian function may be important for the early identification and prevention of increased risk of female angiographic obstructive CAD.
NTPDase and 5'-nucleotidase activities in platelets of human pregnants with a normal or high risk for thrombosis.; The nucleotide degrading enzymes, ectonucleotidases, present on the platelet surface of human pregnant with a normal (without complications) or high risk for thrombosis (hypertension and gestational diabetes) were studied. NTPDase (E.C. 3.6.1.5, CD39) and 5'-nucleotidase (E.C. 3.1.3.5, CD73) activities of four patient groups, non-pregnant (NP, n = 18), pregnant without complications (P, n = 25), pregnant with hypertension (HP, n = 15) and pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDP, n = 10), were analyzed. Increased NTPDase activities were observed in the groups P (37.0%, S.D. = 2.03 and 34.0%, S.D. = 3.19), HP (40.0%, S.D. = 3.32 and 56.0%, S.D. = 3.25) and GDP (23.0%, S.D. = 2.30 and 42.0%, S.D. = 2.26) in comparison to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D. = 1.92 and S.D. = 2.48) when ATP and ADP were used as substrate, respectively. AMP was used as substrate to determine the 5'-nucleotidase activities, which showed to be elevated in the groups P (45.0%, S.D. = 1.73), HP (54.0%, S.D. = 2.64) and GDP (68.0%, S.D. = 1.69) when compared to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D. = 1.26). However, no statistically significant differences were observed between the groups P, HP and GDP. As a consequence, the enhanced ATP, ADP and AMP hydrolysis was ascribed to the pregnancy itself, independent of a normal or high risk for thrombosis. The enhanced NTPDase and 5'-nucleotidase activities in platelets suggest that these enzymes are involved in the thromboregulation process in the pregnancy.
Pregnancy Complications Are Associated with Premature Coronary Artery Disease: Linking Three Cohorts.; Background: There is increasing evidence that women who experience placenta-mediated pregnancy complications and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) later in life. We hypothesized that there is an association between placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, GDM, and risk of premature CAD (PCAD). Methods: This research project involved a data linkage approach merging three databases of South Australian cohorts by using a retrospective, age-matched case-control study design. Cases (n = 721) were ascertained from the Coronary Angiogram Database of South Australia (CADOSA). Women <60 years from CADOSA were linked to South Australian Perinatal Statistics Collection (SAPSC) to ascertain their prior pregnancy outcomes. Controls (n = 194) were selected from North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) and comprised women who were healthy or had other health conditions unrelated to CAD, age-matched to CADOSA (±5 years), and linked to SAPSC to determine their pregnancy outcomes. PCAD was defined as >50% stenosis in one or more coronary arteries at coronary angiography. Results: Compared with women without a history of PCAD, women who were diagnosed with PCAD were more likely to have experienced the placenta-mediated pregnancy complications of preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.46, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21-5.00) or low-birth weight (adjusted OR = 2.44, 95% CI: 1.22-4.88), or have been diagnosed with active asthma during pregnancy (adjusted OR = 3.52, 95% CI: 1.05-11.76). Conclusion: Placenta-mediated pregnancy complications should be recognized as clear risk markers for future PCAD.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide and Its Precursors Are Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Pre-Eclampsia in the Boston Birth Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and its precursors choline, betaine, and carnitine have been associated with cardiometabolic disease in nonpregnant adults. However, studies examining TMAO and its precursors in relation to cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy are lacking. OBJECTIVES: The primary objective was to estimate the association of TMAO and its precursors in maternal and cord plasma with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-eclampsia (PE) among women in the Boston Birth Cohort. A secondary objective was to determine whether associations vary by race/ethnicity. METHODS: ORs for each outcome according to tertiles and to an SD increment of TMAO, choline, betaine, and carnitine were estimated using logistic regression. Final models were adjusted for covariates. RESULTS: Among 1496 women, 115 women had GDM and 159 had PE during the index pregnancy. Intermetabolite correlations of TMAO and its precursors were stronger within cord plasma (r = 0.38-0.87) than within maternal plasma (r = 0.08-0.62). Maternal TMAO was associated with higher odds of GDM (third compared with first tertile OR: 1.75; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.94), whereas maternal choline, betaine, and carnitine were not associated with GDM. Maternal TMAO and choline were not associated with PE, whereas carnitine was associated with higher (OR: 1.86; 95% CI: 1.18, 2.94) and betaine with lower odds of PE (OR: 0.37; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.59). In cord plasma, TMAO was not associated with GDM or PE, but choline, betaine, and carnitine were associated with higher odds of PE (OR: 3.11; 95% CI: 1.62, 5.96; OR: 2.65; 95% CI: 1.42, 4.93; OR: 2.56; 95% CI: 1.39, 4.69, respectively). Cord choline was associated with lower odds of GDM (OR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.27, 0.99), whereas other cord metabolites were not significantly associated with GDM. Associations did not vary by race/ethnicity. CONCLUSIONS: TMAO and its precursors were associated with GDM and PE, but the associations differed based on the metabolite medium (maternal compared with cord plasma).This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03228875.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor Interventions in Women With Prior Gestational Hypertensive Disorders or Diabetes in North America: A Rapid Review.; Women with previous hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2- to 3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The goal of this rapid review was to summarize evidence of the effectiveness of CVD risk factor interventions for postpartum women with a history of HDP or GDM. A comprehensive search strategy was used to search articles published in 5 databases-Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), PsycINFO, and Embase). Observational and intervention studies that identified CVD prevention, screening, and/or risk factor management interventions among postpartum women with prior HDP or GDM in Canada and the US were included. The quality of observational and interventional studies, and their risk of bias, were assessed using appropriate critical appraisal checklists. Eight studies, including 4 observational cohorts, 3 randomized controlled trials, and 1 quasi-experimental study, merited inclusion for analysis. A total of 2449 participants were involved in the included studies. The most effective CVD risk factor intervention was comprised of postpartum transition and follow-up, CVD risk factor education, and advice on lifestyle changes. Most of the observational studies led to improvements in CVD risk factors, including improvements in CVD lifetime risk scores. However, none of the RCTs led to improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors. Few studies have investigated CVD risk factor interventions in the postpartum in women with previous HDP or GDM in North America. Further studies of higher quality are needed.
Maternal Outcomes Associated With Lower Range Stage 1 Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal and neonatal outcomes in healthy, nulliparous women classified with stage 1 hypertension under the revised American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association Guidelines and to evaluate the effects of low-dose aspirin on maternal and neonatal outcomes in this population. METHODS: We conducted a secondary analysis of data from a multicenter randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of low-dose aspirin for prevention of preeclampsia in nulliparous, low-risk women recruited between 13 and 25 weeks of gestation. Of the 3,134 nulliparous women enrolled in the original study, 2,947 women with singleton pregnancies and without missing data were included in this analysis. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment between 13 and 25 weeks of gestation and outcomes were adjudicated from the medical record. RESULTS: One hundred sixty-four participants were identified with lower range stage 1 hypertension (5.6%), systolic blood pressure 130-135 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure 80-85 mm Hg, or both by the new American College of Cardiology-American Heart Association guidelines. Within the placebo group (n=1,482), women with stage 1 hypertension had a significantly increased incidence of preeclampsia compared with normotensive women, 15.3% (15/98) vs 5.4% (75/1,384) (relative risk 2.66, 95% CI 1.56-4.54, P<.001). Moreover, women with stage 1 hypertension had an increased incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (6.1% vs 2.5%, P=.03) and more indicated preterm deliveries (4.2% vs 1.1%, P=.01). Comparing women with stage 1 hypertension and normotensive women receiving low-dose aspirin during pregnancy (n=1,465), no differences in rates of preeclampsia (7.6% vs 4.4%, respectively, P=.2), gestational diabetes mellitus, or indicated preterm deliveries were observed. Rates of placenta abruption, small for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth did not differ significantly between groups. CONCLUSION: Application of the new American College of Cardiology-American Heart Association guidelines in a pregnant population identifies a cohort of women who are at increased risk for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth.
Soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the SUN project.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing worldwide. To the best of our knowledge the specific evaluation of soft drink consumption as a risk factor for developing GDM has only been conducted in the Nurses' Health Study II. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the incidence of GDM according to soft drink consumption in the SUN project. DESIGN: The "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) project is a prospective and dynamic cohort which included data of 3396 women who notified at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2012. A validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess soft drink consumption. Four categories of sugar-sweetened soft drink (SSSD) and diet soft drink (DSD) consumption (servings) were established: rarely or never (<1/month), low (1-3/month), intermediate (>3/month and ≤1/week) and high (≥2/week). Potential confounders were adjusted through non-conditional logistic regression models. RESULTS: During the follow-up, we identified 172 incident cases of GDM. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, family history of diabetes, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, parity, fast-food consumption, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, fiber intake, following special diet and snacking, SSSD consumption was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident GDM, with multivariable adjusted odds ratios (OR) of 2.03 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25-3.31) and 1.67 (95% CI: 1.01-2.77) for the highest and intermediate categories, respectively, versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.006). Conversely, DSD consumption was not associated with GDM incidence (adjusted OR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.52-1.31) for the highest versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.258). Additional sensitivity analyses did not change the results. CONCLUSION: Higher consumption of SSSDs before pregnancy was an independent risk factor for GDM, however, no association was observed between DSD consumption and GDM risk.
Changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes: consequences of obesity.; Dyslipidemia is associated with increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) susceptibility to oxidation, a phenomenon associated with endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis, cell toxicity, and intrauterine growth retardation. The present study was designed to determine if women developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have both increased plasma lipids and LDL susceptibility to oxidation throughout pregnancy. We also wanted to study the effects of obesity upon these parameters. A nested case-control study was carried out in 45 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 62 women diagnosed with GDM following the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. In all women, blood was drawn at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of gestation. Low-density lipoprotein oxidation was initiated by the addition of CuCl2, and formation of conjugated dienes was monitored. Glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, vitamin E, estradiol, and progesterone were determined. In GDM, elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were observed when compared with the control group even in the first trimester, before the detection of diabetes. In the control group, the lag phase in the LDL oxidation was 85.3, 84.4, and 95.6 minutes at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of pregnancy, compared with 63.3, 63.4, and 74.5 minutes in the GDM group (P < .001 in the 3 periods). These differences remained when adjusted for the body mass index. In a multiple linear regression analysis, a negative correlation was observed between the lag phase and the body mass index (P < .001) and cholesterol (P < .001), whereas a positive one appeared with vitamin E (P < .05) and time of gestation (P < .001). In pregnancy, GDM increases LDL susceptibility to oxidation. Obesity and hypercholesterolemia further exacerbate this effect.
The role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in stages, outcomes and pregnancy complications.; Neutrophils are the main components of innate immunity to eliminate infectious pathogens. Neutrophils play a role in several stages of the reproductive cycle, and their presence in the female reproductive system is highly regulated, so their function may change during pregnancy. Emerging evidence suggests that neutrophils are important at all stages of pregnancy, from implantation, placentation, and connective tissue regeneration to birth, as well as birth itself. Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) are defined as extracellular strands of unfolded DNA together with histone complexes and neutrophil granule proteins. NET formation is a new mechanism of these cells for their defense function. These strands containing DNA and antimicrobial peptides were initially recognized as one of the defense mechanisms of neutrophils, but later it was explained that they are involved in a variety of non-infectious diseases. Since the source of inflammation and tissue damage is the irregular activity of neutrophils, it is not surprising that NETosis are associated with a number of inflammatory conditions and diseases. The overexpression of NET components or non-principled NET clearance is associated with the risk of production and activation of autoantibodies, which results in participation in autoinflammatory and autoimmune disorders (SLE, RA), fibrosis, sepsis and other disorders such as vascular diseases, for example, thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Recent published articles have shown the role of neutrophils and extracellular traps (NETs) in pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related diseases. The aim of this study was to identify and investigate the role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in the stages of pregnancy, as well as the complications caused by these cells.
Placental maternal vascular malperfusion and adverse pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) lesions represent hypoxic-ischemic damage to the placenta, and they are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk for pregnancy complications, so we set out to characterize the prevalence and clinical correlates of MVM lesions in this cohort. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 1187/1374 (86.4%) women with GDM delivered between 2009 and 2012 who had placental pathology available. Placental lesions of all types were tabulated and grouped into constructs of related entities. MVM lesions specifically included villous infarcts, decidual vasculopathy, increased syncytial knots, perivillous fibrin, and fibrin deposition. We compared maternal characteristics between women with and without MVM lesions, and we also assessed the impact of these lesions on birth weight, preterm birth, and pre-eclampsia using multivariable logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: MVM lesions were the most common placental lesion type in women with GDM (n = 362, 30.5%). Excess gestational weight gain was independently associated with MVM lesions (aOR 1.42, 95% CI 1.06-1.91, p = 0.02) after adjusting for maternal characteristics. MVM lesions were associated with lower birth weight (-90.3 g, 95% CI -148.0 to -32.7, p = 0.002), as well as a 2-fold increased risk for delivery of a small for gestational age infant (10.8 vs 5.9%, p = 0.01) in overweight and obese women. MVM lesions were also associated with increased risk for preterm birth <34 weeks (adjusted OR 2.36, 95% CI 1.31-4.23, p = 0.004) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; adjusted OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13-2.22, p = 0.02). DISCUSSION: Placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions may be one pathway linking excess gestational weight gain to adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM, and future studies are needed to identify metabolic factors that may explain this association.
Grand multiparity: obstetric performance in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, Kano, Nigeria.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to review the obstetric performance of booked grand multiparae. DESIGN AND SETTING: A 5-year prospective observational study of cases between January 1, 2002, and December 31, 2006, was conducted in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, a tertiary institution, in Kano, Nigeria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The antenatal complications and pregnancy outcomes among booked grand mulitparous women (pregnancy after fifth delivery), who delivered in our labor ward, were compared with those of the booked mulitparae (parae 1-4) who delivered immediately after a grand multipara. OUTCOME MEASURES: These were obstetric factors of maternal age and parity, antepartum hemorrhage, fetal malpresentations, and multiple pregnancy. Medical complications were gestational diabetes, hypertension, anemia, and heart disease. Pregnancy outcomes measured were gestational age at delivery, birth weight, mode of delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal and perinatal mortality. RESULTS: The age range of the grand multiparae was between 22 and 43 years, with a mean age of 29.72 + 2.07 years. The parity range was between 5 and 15, with a mean parity of 7.78 + 0.63. There was increased occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 12.55, CI = 6.72-23.91), hypertension (OR = 3.07, CI = 2.07-4.59), heart disease (OR = 2.01, CI = 0.70-6.08), anemia (OR = 3.16, CI = 1.42-7.24), antepartum hemorrhage (OR = 2.18, CI = 1.22-3.92), fetal malpresentations (OR = 3.04, CI = 2.38-3.88), cephalopelvic disproportion (OR = 2.09, CI = 1.33-3.29), and fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.27, CI = 1.72-3.00) among the grand multiparae compared with multiparae. CONCLUSION: The effects of these complications were minimized by good antenatal care.
Maternal Predictors of Disparate Outcomes in Children With Single Ventricle Congenital Heart Disease.; Background Significant variability in morbidity and mortality persists for children with functionally single ventricle congenital heart disease (SV-CHD) despite standardization in medical and surgical care. We hypothesized that maternal health factors may be associated with an increased risk of poor outcomes in children with SV-CHD. Methods and Results This retrospective, observational, cohort study included term maternal-infant pairs with a diagnosis of SV-CHD who underwent surgical palliation from 2006 to 2015 at Primary Children's Hospital. Pairs lacking maternal variables of interest or infant follow-up data were excluded. The association of maternal risk factors of abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index, abnormal gestational weight gain (<7 or >20 kg), hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes mellitus with death/transplant and hemodynamics were analyzed using regression models. Of 190 infants, 135 (71%) maternal-infant dyads had complete data for inclusion. Death or transplant occurred in 48 infants (36%) during an average follow-up of 2.2 years (0.1-11.7 years). Abnormal gestational weight gain was associated with an increased risk of death and/or transplant in logistic regression (odds ratio, 3.22; 95% CI, 1.32-7.86; P=0.01), but not Cox regression (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.0-3.7; P=0.055). Mean pulmonary artery pressures were higher in the setting of abnormal gestational weight gain (16.5±2.9 versus 14.7±3.0 mm Hg; P<0.001), and abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index (15.7±3.5 versus 14.2±2.1 mm Hg; P<0.001) in the systemic right ventricle group. Conclusions Abnormal gestational weight gain (excessive or inadequate) is a novel risk factor for worse outcomes in SV-CHD. The fetoplacental environment may alter the trajectory of vascular development to impact outcomes in infants with SV-CHD.
Reduced short-term variability of fetal heart rate in association with maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetic women.; The differential index, which describes the short-term component of fetal heart rate variability, and maternal blood glucose levels were measured 109 times in 19 insulin-dependent diabetic mothers in the second half of gestation. An abnormal differential index was observed more often with maternal hyperglycemia (11/45) than with normoglycemia (5/64). A significant negative linear correlation was found between the differential index and the blood glucose level of the mother.
Cycling reduces blood glucose excursions after an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women: a randomized crossover trial.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an acute bout of cycling immediately after oral glucose intake on glucose metabolism in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fifteen pregnant women with BMI ≥ 27 kg/m(2) were enrolled in a randomized crossover controlled study and underwent two oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) ingesting 75 g of glucose followed by either 20 min of stationary cycling at moderate intensity (65%-75% maximal heart rate) or rest. Using continuous glucose monitors, glucose was measured up to 48 h after the OGTT. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were determined at baseline and after 1 and 2 h. One hour after glucose intake, mean blood glucose was significantly lower after cycling compared with rest (p = 0.002). Similarly, mean glucose peak level was significantly lower after cycling compared with after rest (p = 0.039). Lower levels of insulin and C-peptide were observed after 1 h (p < 0.01). Differences in glucose measurements after 2 h and up to 48 h were not statistically different. We found that 20 min of cycling at moderate intensity after glucose intake reduced blood glucose excursions in pregnant women at risk for GDM. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03644238. Novelty Bullets In pregnant women, we found that cycling after glucose intake resulted in significantly lower glucose levels compared with rest. The exercise intervention studied is feasible for pregnant women and could be readily used to reduce glucose excursions.
Potential of Metformin to Improve Cardiac Risk in Postpartum Women with Gestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy is associated with an increase in total cholesterol, high density lipoproteins (HDL), and low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Postpartum, HDL and LDL decrease over the first 12 weeks postpartum. Oxidized LDL (ox-LDL) is a marker of oxidative stress-related inflammation, which is associated with obesity and also with development of cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular protection and weight loss are benefits from metformin, especially in women with diabetes. The objective of this study was to compare changes in lipid profiles and biomarkers for obesity during the initial 6 weeks postpartum between women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with metformin versus placebo. METHODS: This was a planned ancillary study of a randomized controlled trial compares metformin versus placebo in women with GDM for postpartum weight loss. Two 3 mL blood samples were collected within 24 h of delivery and 6 weeks postpartum immediately processed after collection then stored at -20°C until completion of clinical trial prior to analysis. Change in the median plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL, ox-LDL, glucose, insulin, leptin, and unacylated ghrelin were compared between study groups. RESULTS: Of the 77 postpartum women were included, 35 received metformin and 42 received placebo. There was less of a reduction in HDL in the metformin group compared to placebo (-2.3 versus -7.5 mg/dL, p = 0.019). In addition, there was a greater reduction in ox-LDL in those receiving metformin (-12.2 versus -3.8 mg/dL, p = 0.038). No other differences were observed in the selected biomarkers evaluated. CONCLUSION: Biomarker levels of HDL and ox-LDL were positively affected during the initial 6 weeks postpartum in GDM women treated with metformin. Additional studies with a longer duration of metformin treatment in the postpartum period are warranted to evaluate long-term potential benefits.
Maternal race, procedures, and infant birth weight in type 2 and gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relation between race and cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low birth weight infants in pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that might explain racial differences. METHODS: Population-based, cross-sectional study of 1999-2004 Maryland hospital discharge data. Hospitalizations for delivery of pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus were identified and matched to infants. The independent variable was maternal race. Dependent variables were cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low infant birth weight. Stepwise logistic regression models were developed to estimate the independent effect of race on use of each procedure and infant birth weight, after adjusting for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors. RESULTS: We examined 6,310 deliveries for pregnancies with type 2 (15%) and gestational (85%) diabetes. Before adjustment, black race was associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (odds ratio [OR] 1.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.24-1.58) and low birth weight infants (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.57-2.40) compared with white race. Adjustment for racial differences in preeclampsia and fetal heart rate abnormalities accounted for a modest degree of the racial variation in outcomes. With full adjustment, black race was still associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (OR 1.38, 95% CI 1.20-1.60) and low birth weight (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.41-2.34) and a lower odds of episiotomy (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.36-0.57). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies with diabetes, adjustment for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors only partially explains racial differences in procedure use and infant low birth weight.
[Air embolism during elective cesarean section, and uterine atony due to fetal macrosomia].; We report the case of a paradoxical air embolism during a scheduled cesarean section for fetal macrosomia (7.010 kg) in a 38-year-old woman with a history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Spinal anesthesia was satisfactory and well tolerated. After approximately 30 minutes (coinciding with uterine exteriorization), the patient presented a sudden episode of dyspnea, confusion, hypotension, and ST segment depression. The episode lasted approximately 10 minutes and resolved spontaneously with no sequelae. Neurological status and the electrocardiogram were normal at the end of surgery and no postoperative lesions were observed. In the immediate postoperative period, the patient presented a massive hemorrhage due to uterine atony. Echocardiography revealed a patent foramen ovale. The clinical signs in this patient are highly suggestive of a paradoxical cerebral and coronary air embolism.
[Doppler echocardiographic studies on fetal cardiac function of diabetic mothers].; OBJECTIVE: To assess fetal cardiac function by Doppler echocardiography in diabetic pregnancies. METHODS: We investigated the changes of cardiac function in 54 normal fetuses and 23 fetuses of diabetic mothers. Cardiac anatomic datas were obtained by measuring the diameter of the aortic (AO), the pulmonary artery (PA), the mitral valve(MV), the tricuspid valve (TV) and interventricular septal thickness (IVS). Blood flow evlocity were obtained from the AO, PA, atrioventricular valves. The following variables were measured: peak flow velocity (PFV), accelerate time (ACT), systolic volume (SV) and ForceF. These indices respresented the systolic function. The peak early flow velocity (PFVe), peak late flow velocity (PFVa), PFVe/PFVa(E/A), mean velocity (V) of MV or TV respresented the diastolic function. RESULTS: The results revealed that in fetuses of diabetic mothers, IVS became thickness. The diameter of AO, PA, MV, TV were wider than that of normal fetases. The PFV, SV, ForceF of AO or PA increased significantly. There was no different in ACT between two groups. The PFVa of MV or TV increased significantly, whereas the E/A of both atrioventricular valves decreased. CONCLUSION: It showed that the fetal hyperinsulinemia triggered by maternal hyperglycemia result in fetal weight increasing, as well as hyperplasia and hypertrophy of myocardial cells. An iacreased contractility is compatible with relatively larger size of such fetuses. The intracardiac flow volume increased secondary to the more needs of fetal development. Abnormal thickenning IVS might impair ventricular diastolic function.
Comparison of different cardiac risk scores for coronary artery disease in symptomatic women: do female-specific risk factors matter?; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death in women and there is a need for more accurate risk assessment scores. The aims of our study were to compare the accuracy of several widely used cardiac risk assessment scores in predicting the likelihood of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) on CT coronary angiography (CTCA) in symptomatic women and to explore which female-specific risk factors were independent predictors of obstructive CAD on CTCA and whether adding these risk factors to pre-test probability scores would improve their predictive value. METHODS AND RESULTS: Data were obtained from a cohort of 228 consecutively included symptomatic women undergoing evaluation for CAD and referred for CTCA. Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥50% luminal stenosis on CTCA. Pre-test probability for CAD was calculated according to the Diamond and Forrester score, New score, Duke clinical score, and an updated Diamond and Forrester score. Female-specific factors were obtained by a written questionnaire. Pre-test probability scores were compared with ROC analysis and showed that only the New score and the updated Diamond and Forrester score were significant predictive scores for obstructive CAD on CTCA (area under the curve, AUC, 0.67, p < 0.01; AUC 0.61, p = 0.04, respectively). Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oestrogen status were independent predictors of obstructive CAD when adjusted for the pre-test probability scores. The updated Diamond and Forrester score was used for net reclassification improvement (NRI) analysis, since the New score already accounts for oestrogen status. Adding GDM and oestrogen status to the updated Diamond and Forrester score resulted in a significant NRI (p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: There is a large variability in prediction of obstructive CAD using different pre-test probability risk scores in symptomatic women. Logistic regression analysis revealed that oestrogen status and GDM were independently associated with the occurrence of obstructive stenosis on CTCA. The predictive ability of cardiac pre-test probability scores improved significantly with the addition of oestrogen status and GDM.
Impact of exercise during pregnancy on gestational weight gain and birth weight: an overview.; OBJECTIVE: This article presents the state of knowledge related to the impact of exercise on gestational weight gain and birth weight. TRANSCENDENCE OF BABY WEIGHT: Birth weight is an important indicator of intrauterine environment and maternal and newborn health. There are several factors that can affect birth weight including mother's pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI), gestational weight gain, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), chronic diabetes and gestational age at birth. IMPACT OF EXERCISE DURING PREGNANCY: Physical exercise has the potential to prevent excessive gestational weight gain, GDM and the potential complications associated with obesity during pregnancy. Therefore, women who regularly exercise during pregnancy are more likely to have an appropriate gestational weight gain and in turn, an appropriate birth weight infant, preventing being LGA without increasing risk of SGA, and this reduces risk factors for later life chronic disease development in the child including cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. RECOMMENDATIONS: It would be advisable to promote compliance with physical activity and exercise recommendations during pregnancy by using the specific resources to prescribe exercise to pregnant women without obstetric contraindications.
A Randomized Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial Investigating the Effect of Fish Oil Supplementation on Gene Expression Related to Insulin Action, Blood Lipids, and Inflammation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Fish Oil Supplementation and Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega-3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18-40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method. Results of RT-PCR indicated that omega-3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin-1 (IL-1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega-3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega-3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL-8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR-γ, IL-1, and TNF-α, but not gene expression of IL-8.
Update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide and accounts for roughly 1 in 5 deaths in the United States. Women in particular face significant disparities in their cardiovascular care when compared to men, both in the diagnosis and treatment of CVD. Sex differences exist in the prevalence and effect of cardiovascular risk factors. For example, women with history of traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, tobacco use, and diabetes carry a higher risk of major cardiovascular events and mortality when compared to men. These discrepancies in terms of the relative risk of CVD when traditional risk factors are present appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed differences among men and women. Sex-specific cardiovascular disease research-from identification, risk stratification, and treatment-has received increasing recognition in recent years, highlighting the current underestimated association between CVD and a woman's obstetric and reproductive history. In this comprehensive review, sex-specific risk factors unique to women including adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and newborn size for gestational age, as well as premature menarche, menopause and vasomotor symptoms, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and infertility will be discussed in full detail and their association with CVD risk. Additional entities including spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), coronary microvascular disease (CMD), systemic autoimmune disorders, and mental and behavioral health will also be discussed in terms of their prevalence among women and their association with CVD. In this comprehensive review, we will also provide clinicians with a guide to address current knowledge gaps including implementation of a sex-specific patient questionnaire to allow for appropriate risk assessment, stratification, and prevention of CVD in women.
Use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine whether there are any changes in cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics and whether these changes influence perinatal outcome. METHODS: Twenty-nine pregnant women with severe gestational diabetes on insulin therapy in the third trimester of pregnancy were recruited and matched with 29 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocities (E/A) ratios were determined. Placental resistance Doppler markers were also determined in both groups. Adverse perinatal outcome was defined as perinatal death, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, cord pH <7.15, 5-min Apgar score <7 and presence of cardiomyopathy. RESULTS: The median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 vs 0.38; p < 0.0001) and the E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 vs 0.76; p < 0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% [95% confidence interval (CI) 85-100%] and specificity of 92% (95% CI 70-92%) for prediction of adverse perinatal outcome, including one stillbirth and one neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes occurred in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: There is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics. Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to improve fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies.
Women's awareness of cardiovascular disease risk after complications of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Certain maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, birth of a growth restricted infant, idiopathic preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with a significantly increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. In Australia, it is relatively unknown how many women with a history of complicated pregnancies are aware of their future cardiovascular disease risk. AIM: The aim of this study was to determine what percentage of women attending a cardiovascular disease prevention clinic in South Australia soon after a complicated pregnancy were aware of their increased risk of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: This prospective observational study included 188 women attending a postpartum prevention clinic between 7th August 2018 and 10th February 2021. These women had experienced a serious maternal complication of pregnancy approximately seven months earlier. Women completed a self-administered health awareness survey immediately prior to their first clinic appointment to assess their awareness of their increased cardiovascular risk. FINDINGS: Over two-thirds (69.1 %) of the women were unaware of the association between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease, and 6.4 % of the cohort did not realise they had experienced a complicated pregnancy. Almost 10 % of the cohort did not correctly identify the complication/s they had been diagnosed with during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Awareness of the association between complications of pregnancy and future cardiovascular disease was low in our cohort of women who had experienced a complication of pregnancy only seven months earlier. This emphasises the need for improved education for and communication with women to assist in implementing preventative care strategies.
Comparing the Evidence from Observational Studies and Randomized Controlled Trials for Nonskeletal Health Effects of Vitamin D.; Although observational studies of health outcomes generally suggest beneficial effects with, or following, higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have generally not supported those findings. Here we review results from observational studies and RCTs regarding how vitamin D status affects several nonskeletal health outcomes, including Alzheimer's disease and dementia, autoimmune diseases, cancers, cardiovascular disease, COVID-19, major depressive disorder, type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, all-cause mortality, respiratory tract infections, and pregnancy outcomes. We also consider relevant findings from ecological, Mendelian randomization, and mechanistic studies. Although clear discrepancies exist between findings of observational studies and RCTs on vitamin D and human health benefits these findings should be interpreted cautiously. Bias and confounding are seen in observational studies and vitamin D RCTs have several limitations, largely due to being designed like RCTs of therapeutic drugs, thereby neglecting vitamin D's being a nutrient with a unique metabolism that requires specific consideration in trial design. Thus, RCTs of vitamin D can fail for several reasons: few participants' having low baseline 25(OH)D concentrations, relatively small vitamin D doses, participants' having other sources of vitamin D, and results being analyzed without consideration of achieved 25(OH)D concentrations. Vitamin D status and its relevance for health outcomes can usefully be examined using Hill's criteria for causality in a biological system from results of observational and other types of studies before further RCTs are considered and those findings would be useful in developing medical and public health policy, as they were for nonsmoking policies. A promising approach for future RCT design is adjustable vitamin D supplementation based on interval serum 25(OH)D concentrations to achieve target 25(OH)D levels suggested by findings from observational studies.
Delivery of a Small-For-Gestational-Age Infant and Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease--A Population-Based Record Linkage Study.; BACKGROUND: Delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) infants has been associated with increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, whether the risk increases progressively with the greater severity of SGA and number of SGA infants has not been explored. METHODS: A population-based record linkage study was conducted among 812,732 women delivering live born, singleton infants at term between 1994 and 2011 in New South Wales, Australia. Birth records were linked to the mothers' subsequent hospitalisation or death records to identify CVD events (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and chronic heart failure) after a median of 7.4 years. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (AHR) [95% confidence interval (CI)] for the associations between the severity (moderate or extreme) of SGA and number of SGA infants and subsequent risk of maternal CVD, accounting for maternal age at last birth, socioeconomic status, parity, smoking, (pre-gestational and gestational) diabetes, and (chronic and pregnancy) hypertension. RESULTS: Compared to mothers of non-SGA infants, AHRs [95%CI] of CVD among mothers of moderately and extremely SGA infants were 1.36 [1.23-1.49], and 1.66 [1.47-1.87], respectively, while AHRs among mothers with 1, 2, and ≥3 SGA infants were 1.42 [1.30-1.54], 1.65 [1.34-2.03], and 2.42 [1.52-3.85], respectively, indicating a dose-response relationship. AHRs of specific CVD categories showed a similar pattern. CONCLUSIONS: Delivery of an SGA infant was associated with a dose-dependent increase in the risk of maternal CVD according to both the severity of SGA and number of previous SGA infants.
Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Diabetes: A Conventional and Speckle-Tracking Echocardiographic Study.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with adverse fetal myocardial remodeling. The aim of this study was to assess the biventricular systolic and diastolic function of fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) compared with control subjects, using a comprehensive cardiac functional assessment and exploring the role of speckle-tracking to assess myocardial deformation. The authors hypothesized that fetuses exposed to MD present signs of biventricular dysfunction, which can be detected by deformation analysis. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 129 fetuses with structurally normal hearts, including 76 fetuses of mothers with diabetes and 53 of mothers without diabetes. Maternal baseline characteristics, standard fetoplacental Doppler indices, and conventional echocardiographic and myocardial deformation parameters were prospectively collected at 30 to 33 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes had a significantly thicker interventricular septum compared with control subjects (median, 4.25 mm [interquartile range (IQR), 3.87-4.50 mm] vs 3.67 mm [IQR, 3.40-3.93 mm), P < .001), but no effect modification was demonstrated on myocardial deformation analysis. No significant differences were found in conventional systolic and diastolic functional parameters for the left ventricle and right ventricle, except for lower left ventricular cardiac output in the MD group (median, 320 mL/min [IQR, 269-377 mL/min] vs 365 mL/min [IQR, 311-422 mL/min], P < .05]. Deformation analysis demonstrated a significantly lower early diastolic strain rate (SRe) and late diastolic strain rate (SRa) for both ventricles in the MD group (left ventricle: SRe 1.85 ± 0.72 vs 2.26 ± 0.68 sec(-1), SRa 1.50 ± 0.52 vs 1.78 ± 0.57 sec(-1); right ventricle: SRe 1.57 ± 0.73 vs 1.97 ± 0.73 sec(-1), SRa 2 ± 0.77 vs 1.68 ± 0.79 sec(-1); P < .05), suggesting biventricular diastolic impairment. Additionally, the right ventricle presented a lower global longitudinal strain in the study group (-13.67 ± 4.18% vs -15.52 ± 3.86%, P < .05). Multivariate analysis revealed that maternal age is an independent predictor of left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (P < .05), with a significant effect only in MD after group stratification. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes present signs of biventricular diastolic dysfunction and right ventricular systolic dysfunction by deformation analysis in the third trimester of pregnancy. They may represent a special indication group for functional cardiac assessment, independently of septal hypertrophy. Two-dimensional speckle-tracking could offer an additional benefit over conventional echocardiography to detect subclinical unfavorable changes in myocardial function in this population.
Effect of High Glucose on Embryological Development of Zebrafish, Brachyodanio, Rerio through Wnt Pathway.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a worldwide pregnancy complication. Gestational diabetes can significantly impact fetus development. However, the effects of high glucose on embryological development post-fertilization are yet to be researched. Danio rerio embryos are a great model for studying embryonic development. In this study, the effects on embryological (morphological and genetic) development were examined in the presence of a high-glucose environment that mimics the developing fetus in pregnant women with GDM. Fertilized zebrafish embryos were treated with normal media and high glucose for 5 days from 3 h post-fertilization (hpf) to 96 hpf, respectively, as control and experimental groups. Morphological changes are recorded with microscope images. Hatch rate and heart rate are compared between groups at set time points. RNA-Seq is performed to examine the gene changes in the experimental group. Glucose delayed the zebrafish embryo development by slowing the hatch rate by about 24 h. The brain, heart, and tail started showing smaller morphology in the glucose group compared to the control group at 24 hpf. Heart rate was faster in the glucose group compared to the control group on days 2 and 3 with a statistically significant difference. Among the zebrafish whole genome, the significantly changed genes were 556 upregulated genes and 1118 downregulated genes, respectively, in the high-glucose group. The metabolic and Wnt pathways are altered under high-glucose conditions. These conditions contribute to significant physiological differences that may provide insight into the functionality of post-embryological development.
A Protocol for Nurse-Practitioner Led Cardiovascular Follow-Up After Pregnancy Complications in a Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Population.; Background: Women who experience pregnancy complications have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease when compared to their healthy counterparts. Despite recommendations, there is no standardized cardiovascular follow-up in the postpartum period for these women, and the Australian follow-up protocols that have been previously described are research-based. This study proposes a new model of care for a nurse practitioner-led postpartum intervention clinic for women who experience severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus requiring medication, severe intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm delivery, or placental abruption, in a socioeconomically disadvantaged population. Methods: All women receiving antenatal care or who deliver at the Lyell McEwin Hospital, a tertiary acute care facility located in the northern Adelaide metropolitan area, following a severe complication of pregnancy are referred to the intervention clinic for review at 6 months postpartum. A comprehensive assessment is conducted from demographics, medical history, diet and exercise habits, psychosocial information, health literacy, pathology results, and physical measurements. Subsequently, patient-specific education and clinical counseling are provided by a specialized nurse practitioner. Clinic appointments are repeated at 18 months and 5 years postpartum. All data is also collated into a registry, which aims to assess the efficacy of the intervention at improving modifiable cardiovascular risk factors and reducing cardiovascular risk. Discussion: There is limited information on the efficacy of postpartum intervention clinics in reducing cardiovascular risk in women who have experienced pregnancy complications. Analyses of the data collected in the registry will provide essential information about how best to reduce cardiovascular risk in women in socioeconomically disadvantaged and disease-burdened populations.
The Human Breast Milk Metabolome in Overweight and Obese Mothers.; Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is a major relevance factor, since maternal overweight and obesity can impair the pregnancy outcome and represent risk factors for several neonatal, childhood, and adult conditions, including excessive weight gain, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and even behavioral disorders. Currently, breast milk (BM) composition in such category of mothers was not completely defined. In this field, metabolomics represents the ideal technology, able to detect the whole profile of low molecular weight molecules in BM. Limited information is available on human BM metabolites differences in overweight or obese compared to lean mothers. Analyzing all the metabolomics studies published on Medline in English language, this review evaluated the effects that 8 specific types of metabolites found altered by maternal overweight and obesity (nucleotide derivatives, 5-methylthioadenosine, sugar-alcohols, acylcarnitine and amino acids, polyamines, mono-and oligosaccharides, lipids) can exert on the risk of offspring obesity development and other potentially associated health outcomes and complications. However, metabolites variations in samples collected from overweight and obese mothers and the potentially correlated effects highlighted below still need further investigations and should be confirmed in future metabolomics studies on larger samples. Finally, the positive or negative influence of maternal overweight and obesity on the offspring, potentially exerted by breastfeeding, should be analyzed in close correlation with maternal age, genetic and environmental factors, including diet, and taking into account the interactions occurring between BM metabolites and lactobiome. The evaluation of all the factors affecting BM metabolites in overweight and obese mothers can lead to the comprehensive description of such biofluid and the related effects on breastfed subjects, potentially highlighting personalized needs of BM supplementation or short- and long-term prevention strategies to optimize offspring health.
Barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Women with previous pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although CVD screening and preventive care beginning in the early postpartum period are recommended, certain barriers limit access to such services. We plan to conduct a scoping review of the literature to explore and summarise evidence on the barriers and facilitators of postpartum CVD preventive services in women with a history of GDM and HDP. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This scoping review will be conducted in line with the Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) methodological framework and the Joanna Briggs Institute guidance for conducting a systematic scoping review and will follow the Evidence for Policy and Practice Information and the Coordinating Centre at the Institute of Education guidelines. The review results will be reported using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR) checklist. We will search the following databases: Medline, Embase and CINAHL. We will conduct grey literature searches for registered dissertations and theses. Inclusion and exclusion criteria will be kept broad. Qualitative and quantitative studies published in English or French that investigated and reported percieved barriers or facilitators to postpartum CVD screening and preventive care among women with previous GDM and HDP will be included. Individual, interpersonal, organizational, and system level factors will be reported. Qualitative findings will be summarised narratively, and quantitative findings will be absorbed within the themes using the multisource synthesis method. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This review represents one objective of a larger project that was reviewed by the Ottawa Health Sciences Network Research Ethics Board (QI-184). We will disseminate knowledge emanating from this review through open-access publication, presentation/public forums on women's cardiovascular health, women's CVD prevention forums and social media. We will also present the findings of this review at the annual meeting of the Canadian Women's Heart Health Alliance.
Functional and structural vascular biomarkers in women 1 year after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Women with a previous hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP: gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) have increased long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Recent meta-analyses show adverse levels of non-invasive functional and structural cardiovascular risk markers such as pulse wave velocity (PWV), heart-rate adjusted augmentation index (AIx75), carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), and reactive hyperemia index (RHI) after HDPs, and suggest using these for cardiovascular risk stratification. However, it is not known if a previous HDP predict levels of these markers beyond classical cardiovascular risk factors. Study design and main outcome measures. We assessed PWV, AIx75, CIMT, RHI, classical cardiovascular risk factors, and pregnancy characteristics in 221 women 1 year postpartum (controls: 95, previous HDP: 126). Uni- and multi- variate regression analysis were conducted to assess associations between previous HDP and PWV, AIx75, CIMT or RHI. We adjusted for classical cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy characteristics. A p-level < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: PWV was associated with previous HDP on univariate analysis. This effect was confounded by blood pressure and not significant after adjustment. We found no significant associations between AIx75, RHI, CIMT, and a previous HDP, neither before nor after adjustments. CONCLUSIONS: Associations between a previous HDP and PWV, AIx75, CIMT, or RHI 1 year postpartum can largely be explained by adverse levels of classical cardiovascular risk markers in women with a previous HDP. Women with previous HDP should receive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, but PWV, AIx75, CIMT or RHI are unlikely to aid in cardiovascular risk stratification 1 year postpartum.
High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: The present study was aimed to determine whether high potassium level during pregnancy is an independent risk factor for future atherosclerotic morbidity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity after their last delivery (n = 653) and matched controls (n = 4101). The mean follow-up duration was 57.7 ± 36.5 and 78.5 ± 42.3 months, respectively. The cases were further divided into: major events (severe atherosclerotic morbidity; n = 363), minor events (i.e. cardiovascular risk factors; n = 201) and cardiovascular evaluation tests (n = 89). The Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations while controlling for confounders. RESULTS: A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for confounders such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that K(+ )≥ 5.0 mEq/L during pregnancy was significantly associated with hospitalizations due to severe atherosclerotic morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.55; 95% CI 1.02-2.35; p = 0.039). A non-significant trend was also noted with long-term total hospitalizations for atherosclerotic (adjusted HR = 1.39; 95% CI 0.99-1.94; p = 0.052). CONCLUSION: High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with a significant risk for severe atherosclerotic morbidity, as it might be an indication for occult metabolic and renal dysfunction.
Subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: A history of gestational diabetes (GDM) significantly increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is not known whether nondiabetic women with prior GDM are also at increased risk of CVD. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to compare biochemical and hemodynamic surrogate markers of CVD in nondiabetic women with and without a history of GDM who were at least 1 yr post delivery. DESIGN: This was a single center cross-sectional study. SETTING: The study was performed in an academic referral center. SUBJECTS: Forty-eight premenopausal healthy women with a history of GDM (n = 25) or a history of normal pregnancy (n = 23) were studied in the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measures were: 1) inflammatory markers associated with CVD including C-reactive protein, IL-6, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; 2) the adipokine adiponectin; and 3) conduit vessel stiffness. RESULTS: When compared to normal controls, women with prior GDM had higher mean levels of C-reactive protein (3.58 +/- 3.86 vs. 0.52 +/- 0.16 mg/liter; P < 0.001), IL-6 (1.81 +/- 1.04 vs. 0.99 +/- 0.52 pg/ml; P = 0.001), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (29.6 +/- 17.6 vs. 16.5 +/- 14.0 ng/ml; P = 0.001), and lower levels of adiponectin (8.9 +/- 3.9 vs. 15.9 +/- 7.3 microg/ml; P = 0.001). Women with prior GDM also had significantly (P </= 0.04) increased peripheral vascular resistance (1658 +/- 290 vs. 1462 +/- 340 dyne.sec/cm(5)), decreased stroke volume (65 +/- 13 vs. 75 +/- 14 ml/beat), and decreased cardiac output (70 +/- 12 vs. 74 +/- 13 ml/sec) when compared to controls, after adjusting for body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: Nondiabetic women with prior GDM have evidence of subclinical inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia, and early vascular dysfunction; this population may be at increased risk of developing CVD.
Aortopulmonary window and coronary anatomy - still a pre-operative diagnostic trouble!; We present a case of aortopulmonary window in which the diagnosis of anomalous left coronary artery originating from pulmonary artery was made intra-operatively even if the coronary arteries anatomy was correctly studied pre-operatively with echocardiography. No evidence of coronary anomalies or indirect sings of coronary anomalies has been noted. Should we improve our pre-operative diagnostic accuracy and how?
The impact of ethnicity on glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome following gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We assessed the impact of ethnic origin on metabolism in women following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Glucose regulation and other features of the metabolic syndrome were studied at 20.0 (18.2-22.1) months (geometric mean [95% CI]) post-partum in women with previous GDM (185 European, 103 Asian-Indian, 80 African-Caribbean). They were compared with the same features in 482 normal control subjects who had normal glucose regulation during and following pregnancy. RESULTS: Impaired glucose regulation or diabetes by WHO criteria were present in 37% of women with previous GDM (diabetes in 17%), especially in those of African-Caribbean and Asian-Indian origin (50 and 44%, respectively vs 28% in European, p=0.009). BMI, waist circumference, diastolic blood pressure, fasting triglyceride and insulin levels, and insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), were increased following GDM (p<0.001 for all, vs control subjects). Where glucose regulation was normal following GDM, basal insulin secretion (by HOMA) was high (p<0.001 vs control subjects). Irrespective of glucose regulation in pregnancy, Asian-Indian origin was associated with high triglyceride and low HDL cholesterol levels, and African-Caribbean with increased waist circumference, blood pressure, and insulin levels, together with insulin resistance and low triglyceride concentrations. Nonetheless, the GDM-associated features were consistent within each ethnic group. The metabolic syndrome by International Diabetes Federation criteria was present in 37% of women with previous GDM, especially in non-Europeans (Asian-Indian 49%, African-Caribbean 43%, European 28%, p=0.001), and in 10% of controls. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Following GDM, abnormal glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome are common, especially in non-European women, indicating a need for diabetes and cardiovascular disease prevention strategies.
Gestational Diabetes Type 2: Variation in High-Density Lipoproteins Composition and Function.; Aims: Class A2 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDMA2) has short- and long-term effects on the mother and child. These may include abnormalities of placentation, damage to endothelial cells and cardiovascular disease. This research investigated the function and composition of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) among women with GDMA2 and their fetuses. Methods: Thirty pregnant women were recruited during admission for delivery. The function and expression of HDL, paraoxonase1 (PON1) and apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1) in the blood samples and the placental tissue were evaluated. The effect of HDL on migration of endothelial cells was measured in vitro. Results: Compared to normal pregnancy (NP), APOA1 in the maternal plasma of women with GDMA2 was decreased. More APOA1 and PON1 were released from HDL of women with GDMA2, compared to NP. Placental APOA1 and PON1 were decreased in GDMA2. For endothelial cells stimulated with TNFα, HDL cell migration was decreased when cells were evaluated with NP-HDL, as compared to GDMA2-HDL. Conclusions: GDMA2 affects the composition and function of HDL in plasma. Changes in HDL commonly seen in GDMA2 were observed in maternal and placental samples, but not in cord samples. These results might indicate a placental role in protecting the fetus by preserving the components and functions of HDL and require further investigation.
Microalbuminuria following gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria (MA) precedes clinical nephropathy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and is associated with an increased mortality, mostly due to cardiovascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria is rarely detected in patients with diabetes of less than five years' duration. Our study was designed to determine whether MA and its sequelae also appear 5-8 years after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We examined the presence of MA in 72 women who had not conceived since a previous GDM-pregnancy 5-8 years ago and compared them to a control group of 35 women who had no GDM history, and who were matched for age, parity and time since last pregnancy. Microalbuminuria was determined in all subjects using an overnight 8 hours urine collection. Mann-Whitney rank-sum test was used to compare data between the study and the control groups. Student's t test was used to compare data within the study group. RESULTS: Median value of the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in the study group was significantly higher than median value of urinary AER of the control group (p < 0.0001), but only 30.5% of the subjects of the study group were found to be microalbuminuria-positive, defined as urinary AER value of more than 21 mg/24 h. No correlation between MA and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and parity was found. CONCLUSIONS: MA was found to be more frequent after GDM and no predisposing factors for its appearance were elucidated. Hence, we suggest that it may well be a sign of early renal disease and that long-term follow-up of all GDM patients for MA and other markers of renal disease is strongly indicated.
Impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes on brain vascular health and cognition.; A State of the Art lecture titled "Impact of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes on Brain Vascular Health and Cognition" was presented at the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress in 2023. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, encompassing conditions such as gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes, may form part of an underrecognized pathway from early adulthood reproductive health factors to later-life vascular cognitive impairment and dementia in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are caused by dysregulated vascular and metabolic adaptations during pregnancy, and these pathophysiological changes may persist after delivery. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may contribute to the increased risk of cognitive impairment and dementia directly through vascular and metabolic dysregulation and subsequent development of cardiovascular diseases, or other biological processes may be at play, such as shared maternal risk factors. Extensive epidemiologic evidence has shown that many cognitive impairment and dementia cases may be prevented or delayed by strategies targeting midlife cardiovascular health. Despite the recognized importance of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular health, the literature on associated long-term health outcomes is limited. In this State of the Art review article, we summarize the current epidemiologic evidence on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cognitive impairment and dementia and provide an overview of the potential pathophysiological mechanisms. Finally, we summarize relevant new data on this topic presented during the 2023 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress.
Cardiovascular health after menopause transition, pregnancy disorders, and other gynaecologic conditions: a consensus document from European cardiologists, gynaecologists, and endocrinologists.; Women undergo important changes in sex hormones throughout their lifetime that can impact cardiovascular disease risk. Whereas the traditional cardiovascular risk factors dominate in older age, there are several female-specific risk factors and inflammatory risk variables that influence a woman's risk at younger and middle age. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes are associated with a higher risk in younger women. Menopause transition has an additional adverse effect to ageing that may demand specific attention to ensure optimal cardiovascular risk profile and quality of life. In this position paper, we provide an update of gynaecological and obstetric conditions that interact with cardiovascular risk in women. Practice points for clinical use are given according to the latest standards from various related disciplines (Figure 1).
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease risk: A negative control Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are predictive for future cardiovascular disease risk, but it is unclear whether they play a causal role. We conducted a Mendelian randomization study with males as a negative control population to estimate the associations between genetic liability to adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of coronary artery disease. METHODS: We extracted uncorrelated (R(2)<0.01) single-nucleotide polymorphisms strongly associated (p-value<5e-8) with miscarriage, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preeclampsia, placental abruption, poor fetal growth and preterm birth from relevant genome-wide association studies. Genetic associations with risk of coronary artery disease were extracted separately for females and males. The main analysis was the inverse-variance weighted analysis, while MR Egger, weighted median and weighted mode regression, bidirectional analyses, and the negative control population with males were sensitivity analyses to evaluate bias due to genetic pleiotropy. RESULTS: The number of cases for the adverse pregnancy outcomes ranged from 691 (182,824 controls) for placental abruption to 49,996 (174,109 controls) for miscarriage, and there were 22,997 (310,499 controls) and 54,083 (240,453 controls) cases of coronary artery disease for females and males, respectively. We observed an association between genetic liability to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preeclampsia, and to some extent gestational diabetes, poor fetal growth and preterm birth, with an increased risk of coronary artery disease among females, which was supported by the MR Egger, weighted median and weighted mode regressions. However, in the negative control population of males, we observed largely the same associations as for females. CONCLUSIONS: The associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease risk were likely driven by confounding (e.g., shared genetic liability). Thus, our study does not support the hypothesis that adverse pregnancy outcomes are causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.
Assessment of fetal cardiac diastolic function of gestational diabetes mellitus using dual-gate Doppler.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), as a common complication of pregnancy, has an increasing trend globally. GDM leads to maternal complications and fetal complications. Fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction is strongly associated with GDM. This study aims to assess the ventricular diastolic function of fetuses exposed to GDM by looking into the diagnostic parameters using both conventional method and Dual-gate Doppler method (DD). And to investigate the potential of DD method in early detection of fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction.56 women diagnosed with GDM and 55 non-GDM pregnant women were enrolled in their 24 to 30 weeks of gestation. Conventional method and DD method were applied to measure mitral and tricuspid inflow velocities E-waves, A-waves on pulsed-wave Doppler, and mitral and tricuspid annular velocities e'-waves, a'-waves on Tissue Doppler imaging. E/A, e'/a' and E/e' ratio was calculated. The difference between GDM and control groups was statistically tested and analysed using one-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, Student t test, Mann-Whitney U test and Kruskal-Wallis test and Bland-Altman plot analysis.Intraobserver intraclass correlation coefficients of E/A, e'/a', and E/e' value of both mitral and tricuspid valve are all greater than 0.80, while interobserver intraclass correlation coefficients are between 0.71 and 0.88. Right (6.35 vs 6.79; P = .001) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by conventional method. Both left (6.16 vs 6.59; P = .036) and right (6.28 vs 6.75; P = .01) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by DD method.Exposure to high level of maternal blood glucose leads to impaired diastolic function in the fetuses. Fetal right ventricular function is a potential key point to study to enable an early detection for fetal diastolic dysfunction since the alteration and damage are more likely to happen in right ventricular. Measurement of E/e' ratio using DD method is considered as a promising method in fetal cardiac diastolic function assessment. Well or poorly control of the GDM does not have significant influence on the fetal diastolic function thus an early detection of GDM and GDM induced fetal cardiac dysfunction is necessary.
Cardiac compliance in fetuses of diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: To examine possible changes in cardiac function in fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers. METHODS: We conducted a prospective longitudinal study of 31 women whose pregnancies were between 22 weeks' gestation and term, and who had pregestational diabetes. All diabetic women included in the study had glycosylated hemoglobin lower than 6.5%. All patients included in the study had an early ultrasound confirming gestational age. Doppler studies of the blood flow through the mitral and tricuspid valves were done every 4 weeks using a pulsed-wave Doppler ultrasound device with a 3.5- or 5-MHz transducer. The following indices were calculated from the flow velocity waveforms: the peak velocity during the rapid ventricular filling (E wave) and during the atrial systole (A wave), and the ratio between these velocities (E/A ratio); and the velocity time integral of the atrioventricular blood flow (this integral correlates with volume flow). A comparison between the Doppler indices obtained in fetuses of diabetic women and of normal women was made by using the Mann-Whitney test. RESULTS: Each patient had four to five fetal echocardiographic examinations at 22, 26, 30, 34, and 38 weeks' gestation. The E/A ratio of the mitral and tricuspid valves did not increase in fetuses of diabetic women during the third trimester and was significantly higher in fetuses of nondiabetic women compared with fetuses of diabetic women at 34 and 38 weeks' gestation. The velocity time integral of the mitral and tricuspid valves multiplied by heart rate was higher, but not significantly, in fetuses of nondiabetic women compared with fetuses of diabetic women at 34 and 38 weeks' gestation. The E-wave of the mitral and tricuspid valves increased in both groups throughout gestation. The A-wave of the mitral and tricuspid valves increased only in fetuses of diabetic women throughout the third trimester and was significantly higher at 34 and 38 weeks' gestation compared with fetuses of nondiabetic women. CONCLUSION: Differences in atrioventricular blood flow patterns between fetuses of diabetic women and normal fetuses do not necessarily result from differences in cardiac compliance.
Complications and challenges associated with polycystic ovary syndrome: current perspectives.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) represents the most common endocrine dysfunction in fertile women and it is considered a heterogeneous and multifaceted disorder, with multiple reproductive and metabolic phenotypes which differently affect the early- and long-term syndrome's risks. Women with PCOS present an adverse reproductive profile, including a high risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Patients with PCOS present not only a higher prevalence of classic cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, and type-2 diabetes mellitus, but also of nonclassic cardiovascular risk factors, including mood disorders, such as depression and anxiety. Moreover, at the moment, clinical data on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are controversial. Finally, women with PCOS show an increased risk of endometrial cancer compared to non-PCOS healthy women, particularly during premenopausal period. Currently, we are unable to clarify if the increased PCOS early- and long-term risks are totally due to PCOS per se or mostly due to obesity, in particular visceral obesity, that characterized the majority of PCOS patients. In any case, the main endocrine and gynecological scientific societies agree to consider women with PCOS at increased risk of obstetric, cardiometabolic, oncology, and psychological complications throughout life, and it is recommended that these women be accurately assessed with periodic follow-up.
Adiposity, Dysmetabolic Traits, and Earlier Onset of Female Puberty in Adolescent Offspring of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Clinical Study Within the Danish National Birth Cohort.; OBJECTIVE: Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. RESULTS: After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy.
Myocardial function in offspring 5-8years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies share pathophysiological features suggested to influence epigenetic changes during foetal life with importance for later development and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. AIM: Our objective was to study the myocardium in offspring after pregnancy complications. METHODS: Forty-five children (age 5-8 years) delivered from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia (n = 25), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 8) or gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) were included. Fifteen children from uneventful pregnancies served as controls. Myocardial functions of right and left ventricle were examined by conventional Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). RESULTS: No major differences were found in the myocardial function between offspring of pregnancy complications and control group. However, the preeclampsia group had smaller hearts, increased heart rate and increased late diastolic velocity (A'-wave) at mitral valve attachments shown by both pulsed wave and colour TDI compared to the control and diabetic groups together (p ≤ 0.01). CONCLUSION: Children born after preeclampsia may show effects of a negative impact on the heart already at the age of 5 to 8 years. The numbers of examined children were, however, limited.
Long-term Neurobehavioral and Metabolic Outcomes in Offspring of Mothers With Diabetes During Pregnancy: A Large, Population-Based Cohort Study in Ontario, Canada.; OBJECTIVE: Offspring of women with diabetes are at increased risk of developing neurobehavioral and cardiometabolic disorders, but there is scant evidence regarding the association between glycemic level during pregnancy and these long-term offspring outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a population-based, cohort study of deliveries in Ontario between April 1991 and March 2018. Women had preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, or no diabetes. We applied a Cox proportional hazard model to examine the risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring and assessed the association between pregnancy HbA1c levels and risk of outcomes, adjusting for confounders. RESULTS: A total of 3,407,961 mother-infant pairs were followed up to 29 years. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had the highest risk of ADHD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.43 [95% CI 1.36-1.49]), ASD (aHR 1.94 [1.80-2.09]), diabetes (aHR 4.73 [4.34-5.16]), hypertension (aHR 2.32 [2.07-2.61]), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) (aHR 1.72 [1.56-1.90]), followed by offspring of women with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes compared with those unexposed. Among women with preexisting diabetes, there was an association between level of pregnancy HbA1c and offspring diabetes (aHR 1.22 [95% CI 1.12-1.32]), hypertension (aHR 1.42 [1.29-1.57]), and CVD (aHR 1.20 [1.11-1.29]) but no statistically significant association with neurobehavioral outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: In utero exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with an increase in ADHD, ASD, and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring, with differences seen across diabetes subtypes. Pregnancy glycemia was associated with cardiometabolic outcomes, but not neurobehavioral outcomes, and provides a potentially modifiable risk factor to decrease cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring.
Fetal umbilical artery thrombosis: prenatal diagnosis, treatment and follow-up.; BACKGROUND: To analyze the ultrasound imaging and clinical characteristics of fetuses with umbilical artery thrombosis (UAT), explore the potential causes of UAT and construct a prognostic prediction model to guide clinical practice. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of fetal UAT cases examined at two academic tertiary referral care centers from 2014 to 2020. The basic information of the participants was obtained by interview during follow-up, and data on clinical treatment, delivery conditions, diagnosis and confirmation were obtained through medical records. Probable causes of thrombosis were explored by comparative analysis of the UAT group to the control group and by further regression analysis. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to evaluate risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were constructed to evaluate the diagnostic value of the prognostic prediction model. RESULTS: Thirty fetuses with UAT were included in this study. UAT occurred mostly in the third trimester of pregnancy, and there was an obvious predominance of right UAT. An abnormal pregnancy history (53.3%) was the most common comorbidity, followed by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (20.0%). GDM and umbilical cord (UC) abnormalities were found to be independent risk factors for the development of UAT. After comprehensive decision-making, over two-thirds of the patients with UAT received urgent treatment, and less than one-third received expectant management. Surprisingly, there were no significant differences in fetal outcomes between the urgent treatment and expectant management groups. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that gestational age (GA) at clinical diagnosis and UC abnormalities were independent risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes (OR 0.781, p = 0.042; OR 16.779, p = 0.023, respectively). Based on this, we constructed a comprehensive prognostic prediction model. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) was 0.877 (95% CI 0.698-0.970; p < 0.001), which suggested that the combination of GA and UC abnormalities was a better predictor for fetal outcomes in our setting. CONCLUSION: In summary, maternal GDM and fetal UC abnormalities are independent risk factors for UAT. UAT is more frequently observed on the right side. Moreover, poor clinical outcomes for fetuses with UAT are ascribed mainly to GA and UC abnormalities, which should be comprehensively evaluated to choose the appropriate treatment.
"Maternal diabetes mellitus and its impact on the risk of delivering a child with congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis".; AIM: Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), type 1 or type 2, has been established as a potential risk factor for congenital heart disease (CHD). At the same time, the correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and increased risk of CHD has not been yet fully elucidated. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis (PROSPERO number: CRD42020182390) was to analyze the existing evidence on PGDM and to attempt to fill, to the best of our ability, the remaining knowledge gap in the association of GDM with CHD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two authors have independently searched the Pubmed/Medline, Scopus, Cochrane, Web of Science, and Theses Global databases with keywords and Boolean operators. The search yielded 9333 relevant articles, which were later screened for eligibility. Original peer-reviewed (case-control or cohort) studies were included if they were published in English between 1997 and 2020. Thirteen studies on mothers with PGDM and seven studies on mothers with GDM were finally included in our meta-analysis to investigate the association of maternal diabetes with the risk of delivering a child with CHD. The selected studies were all assessed for their methodological quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Associations with p < .05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Our meta-analysis (I(2) > 75%, total population: n = 12,461,586) of 79,476 women with PGDM and 160,893 with GDM produced an odds ratio of 3.48 (2.36-4.61) and 1.55 (1.48-1.61), respectively. Additionally, we did not find any noticeable difference in the risk for CHD among diabetic women living in the USA and Europe. Nevertheless, it still needs to be clarified, whether or not the gestational diabetic population includes undiagnosed women with preexisting diabetes, which might account for the increased risk of delivering a child with CHD in women classified as suffering from GDM. CONCLUSION: While both GDM and PGDM seem to significantly increase the risk of CHD in comparison with the general population, PDGM appears to have a greater association with CHD, being correlated with a 3.5-fold increase in the risk of malformation. Preconceptional and gestational diabetes care are, therefore, essential to mitigate the adverse effect of hyperglycemia on fetal heart formation during pregnancy.
The Association of Family History of Premature Cardiovascular Disease or Diabetes Mellitus on the Occurrence of Gestational Hypertensive Disease and Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational hypertensive diseases (GHD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, the association between gestational medical diseases and familial history of CVD has not been investigated to date. In the present study, we examined the association between familial history of CVD and GHD or GDM via reliable questionnaires in a large cohort of registered nurses. METHODS: The Korean Nurses' Survey was conducted through a web-based computer-assisted self-interview, which was developed through consultation with cardiologists, gynecologists, and statisticians. We enrolled a total of 9,989 female registered nurses who reliably answered the questionnaires including family history of premature CVD (FHpCVD), hypertension (FHH), and diabetes mellitus (FHDM) based on their medical knowledge. Either multivariable logistic regression analysis or generalized estimation equation was used to clarify the effect of positive family histories on GHD and GDM in subjects or at each repeated pregnancy in an individual. RESULTS: In this survey, 3,695 subjects had at least 1 pregnancy and 8,783 cumulative pregnancies. Among them, 247 interviewees (6.3%) experienced GHD and 120 (3.1%) experienced GDM. In a multivariable analysis adjusted for age, obstetric, and gynecologic variables, age at the first pregnancy over 35 years (adjusted OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.02-2.43) and FHpCVD (adjusted OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.16-2.22) were risk factors for GHD in individuals, whereas FHH was not. FHDM and history of infertility therapy were risk factors for GDM in individuals (adjusted OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.86-3.86; 1.84, 95% CI 1.05-3.23, respectively). In any repeated pregnancies in an individual, age at the current pregnancy and at the first pregnancy, and FHpCVD were risk factors for GHD, while age at the current pregnancy, history of infertility therapy, and FHDM were risk factors for GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The FHpCVD and FHDM are significantly associated with GHD and GDM, respectively. Meticulous family histories should be obtained, and women with family histories of these conditions should be carefully monitored during pregnancy.
Contralateral Massive Neonatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke Secondary to Carotid Artery Dissection: A Case Report.; Carotid artery dissection is an infrequent cause of neonatal-perinatal stroke. Its rarity may be due to underdiagnosis or lack of awareness. We report a case of a full-term, large-for-gestational-age (LGA) male infant delivered at 39 weeks gestation. Pertinent prenatal and perinatal history include gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and the use of forceps to assist in delivery due to shoulder dystocia. The infant presented with apnea and cyanosis while rooming which prompted admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Initial sonographic investigation revealed an infarct, subsequently confirmed as a massive left-sided infarct by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain. Further, computerized tomography (CT) angiography confirmed a dissection in the right common and internal carotid arteries. The child was treated with antiepileptic and antithrombotic medications. He is now undergoing regular neurodevelopmental monitoring and rehabilitation. As per our sources, this case is the first to report a contralateral significant perinatal stroke due to carotid artery dissection. It underscores the importance of recognizing subtle signs of neonatal encephalopathy that may be due to perinatal stroke, of which carotid artery dissection is an uncommon etiology. Assisted delivery techniques such as the use of forceps may be risk factors.
Reduced mechanical function of the left atrial predicts adverse outcome in pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors.; INTRODUCTION: The left atrial (LA) strain and strain rate are sensitive indicators of LA function. However, they are not widely used for the evaluation of pregnant women with metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was to assess the LA strain and strain rate of pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors and to explore its prognostic effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty-three pregnant women with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (CMR group), fifty-seven women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH group), fifty-seven women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group), and fifty matched healthy pregnant women (control group) were retrospectively evaluated. LA function was evaluated with two-dimensional speckle-tracking imaging. Iatrogenic preterm delivery caused by severe preeclampsia, placental abruption, and fetal distress was regarded as the primary adverse outcome. RESULTS: The CMR group showed the lowest LA strain during reservoir phase (LASr), strain during contraction phase (LASct) and peak strain rate during conduit phase (pLASRcd) among the three groups (P < 0.05). LA strain during conduit phase (LAScd) and peak strain rate during reservoir phase (pLASRr) in the CMR group were lower than those in the control and GDM groups (P < 0.05). Multivariable Cox regression analysis demonstrated systolic blood pressure (HR = 1.03, 95% CI 1.01-1.05, p = 0.001) and LASr (HR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.80-0.92, p < 0.0001) to be independent predictors of iatrogenic preterm delivery. An LASr cutoff value ≤ 38.35% predicted the occurrence of iatrogenic preterm delivery. CONCLUSIONS: LA mechanical function in pregnant women with metabolic aggregation is deteriorated. An LASr value of 38.35% or less may indicate the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Follow-up of pregnancy in acromegalic women: different presentations and outcomes.; Pregnancy in acromegaly is a rather rare event since the fertility is reduced in acromegalic women. Besides, metabolic complications of acromegaly are harmful to both mother and fetus. Little is known about the outcome of pregnancy in acromegalic women. Here, we report seven cases of pregnancy out of 48 acromegalic women followed for 16 years. At diagnosis, five patients had macroadenoma, one patient had microadenoma and the size of the tumor was not documented in one patient. In one patient, acromegaly was initially diagnosed during pregnancy at 29 weeks. When she was 33 weeks, she developed pituitary apoplexy and had an emergency transsphenoidal resection of her macroadenoma during which she also had a cesarian section and delivered a healthy baby girl. In the remaining six patients, pregnancy occurred 6 to 64.5 months after the adenoma resection. Three patients received radiotherapy before getting pregnant. In three patients, pregnancy occurred during bromocriptine treatment and the drug was withdrawn. In one patient, pregnancy occurred during chronic octreotide treatment and therapeutic abortion was performed. In another patient, therapeutic abortion was performed because of uncontrolled disease. In the remaining four patients, there were neither worsening of symptoms nor tumor growth. All four patients gave birth to full-term healthy infants. Out of our seven patients, two developed gestational diabetes mellitus which was controlled with diet. None of the patients had coronary artery disease, hypertension or dyslipidemia. These cases show that pregnancy might be uneventful in acromegalic women when the disease is controlled with prior surgery and radiotherapy.
TRIPOD (TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes): a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of troglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; The TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes (TRIPOD) trial is a single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked study. The primary aim of the TRIPOD trial is to test the hypothesis that chronic administration of troglitazone to nondiabetic women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will improve whole-body insulin sensitivity and reduce the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Because troglitazone is already known to lower blood glucose concentrations in persons who have developed NIDDM, an additional aim of the project will be to determine whether early intervention with troglitazone will achieve better final glycemic control than can be achieved by later intervention. In addition, since troglitazone treatment is expected to improve insulin sensitivity and may prevent or delay a decline in glucose tolerance, we also plan to determine whether long-term troglitazone treatment alters the development or progression of atherosclerosis. In this article we describe the experiment's design, the study's endpoints and methods for determining those endpoints, methods for assessing quality of life, and proposed methods for statistical analyses. The unique two-phase study design of the TRIPOD trial will permit testing not only of the biological question about reversal of insulin resistance and prevention of diabetes, but also of the clinical question about whether early intervention is superior to late intervention. Results from this trial will have an important impact on the monitoring and treatment of patients at high risk for NIDDM.
Preventing Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes in Pregnancy Complicated by Obesity.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Obesity is a chronic disease that is becoming increasingly prevalent, and more individuals of reproductive age have obesity prior to becoming pregnant. Obesity in pregnancy is associated with short- and long-term adverse consequences for both the birthing person and their offspring which have been associated with increased long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The goal of this review is to discuss what is currently understood about the relationship between maternal obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), the association between APOs and future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, and what evidence-based interventions can be implemented to prevent adverse outcomes in this population. RECENT FINDINGS: Maternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of APOs such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth as well as an increased risk of future CVD, such as metabolic syndrome, chronic hypertension, coronary heart disease, and stroke. The impact of maternal obesity also extends beyond the pregnant individual to the offspring, increasing the risk of fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality, as well as of congenital malformations, prematurity, and long-term health problems such as insulin resistance and childhood obesity. Prevention guidelines are incorporating the increased risk of adverse outcomes from maternal obesity into formalized risk assessments to guide both prenatal and postpartum care. It is becoming evident that a multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics team is an important part of providing comprehensive care for pregnant individuals with obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors, including preexisting CVD and a history of prior APOs. There remains a need for further studies to better understand the mechanisms underlying the relationship between maternal obesity and APOs, as well as the racial and ethnic disparities that have been noted in the prevalence of APOs and associated CVD risk and mortality. SUMMARY: There is increasing awareness that obesity in pregnancy is associated with various short- and long-term adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. There are multiple screening and prevention strategies that may be implemented before, during, and after pregnancy to prevent these adverse outcomes.
Metformin Should Not Be Used to Treat Prediabetes.; Based on the results of the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPPOS), in which metformin significantly decreased the development of diabetes in individuals with baseline fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentrations of 110-125 vs. 100-109 mg/dL (6.1-6.9 vs. 5.6-6.0 mmol/L) and A1C levels 6.0-6.4% (42-46 mmol/mol) vs. <6.0% and in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, it has been suggested that metformin should be used to treat people with prediabetes. Since the association between prediabetes and cardiovascular disease is due to the associated nonglycemic risk factors in people with prediabetes, not to the slightly increased glycemia, the only reason to treat with metformin is to delay or prevent the development of diabetes. There are three reasons not to do so. First, approximately two-thirds of people with prediabetes do not develop diabetes, even after many years. Second, approximately one-third of people with prediabetes return to normal glucose regulation. Third, people who meet the glycemic criteria for prediabetes are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes and thus metformin treatment will not affect this important outcome. Why put people who are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes on a drug (possibly for the rest of their lives) that has no immediate advantage except to lower subdiabetes glycemia to even lower levels? Rather, individuals at the highest risk for developing diabetes-i.e., those with FPG concentrations of 110-125 mg/dL (6.1-6.9 mmol/L) or A1C levels of 6.0-6.4% (42-46 mmol/mol) or women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus-should be followed closely and metformin immediately introduced only when they are diagnosed with diabetes.
Diabetes in pregnancy 100 years after the discovery of insulin: Hot topics and open questions to be addressed in the coming years.; By making it possible for women with diabetes to achieve their family planning goals, the discovery of insulin ushered in the field of diabetes in pregnancy. The ensuing century has witnessed tremendous advances, with clinical focus on preconception planning and maternal glycemic control making successful pregnancy an achievable goal. Currently, the global epidemic of overweight/obesity has led to maternal hyperglycemia now affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide, prompting intense research interest. Topics of particular interest include (i) the optimal approach to diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); (ii) the emergence of GDM as a chronic metabolic disorder identifying future risk of non-communicable disease; (iii) the transgenerational impact of maternal glycemia as per the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; and (iv) the application of new technology for optimizing clinical management. These topics have raised exciting questions such as (i) whether the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy can impact growth/development in childhood, (ii) whether GDM can be prevented, and (iii) whether the diagnosis of GDM could facilitate the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Indeed, this field may be on the precipice of a golden era of new concepts and evidence to optimize the health of mother and child.
Overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus or type 1 diabetes.; CONTEXT: In animal studies, exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of cardiovascular disease through only partly understood epigenetic mechanisms. Human long-term follow-up studies on the same topic are few. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to study the risk of overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or type 1 diabetes, and additionally to study associations between estimates of maternal hyperglycemia and outcome in the offspring. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a follow-up study of 1066 primarily Caucasian women aged 18-27 yr in the Center for Pregnant Women with Diabetes, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. PARTICIPANTS: Offspring of women with diet-treated GDM (n = 168) and an unexposed reference group (n = 141) participated, as well as offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (n = 160) and offspring from the background population representing an unexposed reference group (n = 128). The follow-up rate was 56% (597 of 1066). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Women with body mass index of at least 25 kg/m(2) were considered overweight. The metabolic syndrome was determined by the International Diabetes Federation 2006 criteria. RESULTS: The risk of overweight was doubled in offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes compared with offspring from the background population, whereas the risk of the metabolic syndrome was 4- and 2.5-fold increased, respectively. Offspring risk of the metabolic syndrome increased significantly with increasing maternal fasting blood glucose as well as 2-h blood glucose (during oral glucose tolerance test). CONCLUSIONS: Adult offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes are risk groups for overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Intrauterine hyperglycemia may in addition to genetics and other factors contribute to the pathogenesis of overweight and the metabolic syndrome.
Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) further increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parous women with first-degree relatives with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Women with (n = 332) and without (n = 663) a history of GDM were compared regarding 1) the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III metabolic syndrome criteria, 2) the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, and 3) self-reported CVD. RESULTS: Women with prior GDM were younger (48.6 +/- 0.7 vs. 52.4 +/- 0.6 years [means +/- SE];P < 0.001) and less likely to be postmenopausal (48.3 vs. 57.9%; P < 0.005). Although both groups were obese (BMI 34.4 +/- 1.2 vs. 33.7 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2)), women with prior GDM were more likely to have metabolic syndrome (86.6 vs. 73.5%; P < 0.001) and type 2 diabetes (93.4 vs. 63.3%; P < 0.001). Moreover, they had a higher prevalence of CVD (15.5 vs. 12.4%; adjusted odds ratio 1.85 [95% CI 1.21-2.82];P = 0.005) that occurred at a younger age (45.5 +/- 2.2 vs. 52.5 +/- 1.9 years;P = 0.02) and was independent of metabolic syndrome (1.74 [1.10-2.76]; P = 0.02) and type 2 diabetes (1.56 [1.002-2.43];P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Among women with a family history of type 2 diabetes, those with prior GDM were even more likely to not only have CVD risk factors, including metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, but also to have experienced CVD events, which occurred at a younger age. Thus, women with both a family history of type 2 diabetes and personal history of GDM may be especially suitable for early interventions aimed at preventing or reducing their risk of CVD and diabetes.
Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases.; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longer-term sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life.
Effects of maternal folate and vitamin B12 on gestational diabetes mellitus: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.; To comprehensively estimate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk with maternal red blood cell (RBC) folate, plasma/serum folate, dose and duration of folic acid supplement (FAS) intake and vitamin B12 separately. PubMed, Web of science, CNKI, and Wanfang Databases were searched through March 26, 2021. We synthesized data using random-effects model meta-analysis in Stata 12.0. Sensitivity, subgroup and dose-response analyses were also performed. The certainty of evidence was evaluated using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations (GRADE). Twenty six datasets from thirteen eligible observational studies were included in the study. We found a significant increase of GDM risk with the highest versus lowest category of RBC folate (OR = 1.96, 95% CI: 1.48-2.61, I2 = 0.0%, moderate-certainty evidence) and plasma/serum folate (OR = 1.23, 1.02-1.48, I2 = 57.8%, low-certainty evidence). The dose-response analysis revealed that each 200 ng/ml increase in RBC folate was significantly associated with 8% higher GDM risk. No significant association between dose of FAS intake and GDM risk was found with very low cetainty. Meanwhile, longer duration (≥3 months) of FAS conferred 56% significant higher GDM risk (OR = 1.56, 1.02-2.39, very low certainty evidence). No significant association of GDM risk with highest plasma/serum B12 was observed compared to lowest B12 (OR = 0.77, 0.58-1.02, very low-certainty evidence). Moderate-certainty evidence suggests that higher RBC folate appears to significantly increase GDM risk. Higher plasma/serum folate may increase GDM risk but with low certainty. Further well-designed trials or prospective studies are needed.
The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) strategy for fetal giant sacrococcygeal teratoma with cardiac insufficiency: A case report and review of the literature.; BACKGROUND: Antenatally diagnosed sacrococcygeal teratoma has been associated with risks of perinatal complications and death, especially when the foetus has symptoms of cardiac insufficiency, hydrops or anemia in utero; however, the method of intervention remains controversial. CASE: A 25-year-old pregnant woman was found to have a cystic and solid tumor in the fetal sacrococcygeal region at 16 weeks of gestation. As the tumour grew, the mother developed polyhydramnios accompanied with gestational diabetes. Fetal and tumorous hemodynamics were closely monitored by ultrasound. Abnormal cardiac function was detected at 31 weeks' gestation, and we creatively performed pre-emptive delivery through the ex-utero intrapartum treatment with debulking. The teratoma was removed with utero-placental circulation support. The operation proceeded smoothly with favourable prognosis for both mother and newborn. CONCLUSION: The ex-utero intrapartum treatment may improve the prognosis for fetuses with heart failure when they reach viable gestation.
Effect of maternal diabetes on fetal heart function on echocardiography: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes in pregnancy is associated with structural anomalies of the fetal heart, as well as hypertrophy and functional impairment. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to estimate the effect of maternal diabetes on fetal cardiac function as measured by prenatal echocardiography. METHODS: We performed a search of the EMBASE, PubMed and The Cochrane Library databases, from inception to 4 July 2019, for studies evaluating fetal cardiac function using echocardiography in pregnancies affected by diabetes compared with uncomplicated pregnancies. Outcome measures were cardiac hypertrophy and diastolic, systolic and overall cardiac function as assessed by various ultrasound parameters. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data on interventricular septal (IVS) thickness, myocardial performance index (MPI) and E/A ratio were pooled for the meta-analysis using random-effects models. For pregnancies with diabetes, results were reported overall and according to whether diabetes was pregestational (PDM) or gestational (GDM). Results were also stratified according to the trimester in which fetal cardiac assessment was performed. RESULTS: Thirty-nine studies were included, comprising data for 2276 controls and 1925 women with pregnancy affected by diabetes mellitus (DM). Of these, 1120 had GDM, 671 had PDM and in 134 cases diabetes type was not specified. Fetal cardiac hypertrophy was more prevalent in diabetic pregnancies than in non-diabetic controls in 21/26 studies, and impaired diastolic function was observed in diabetic pregnancies in 22/28 studies. The association between DM and systolic function was inconsistent, with 10/25 studies reporting no difference between cases and controls, although more recent studies measuring cardiac deformation, i.e. strain, did show decreased systolic function in diabetic pregnancies. Of the studies measuring overall fetal cardiac function, the majority (14/21) found significant impairment in diabetic pregnancies. Results were similar when stratified according to GDM or PDM. These effects were already present in the first trimester, but were most profound in the third trimester. Meta-analysis of studies performed in the third trimester showed, compared with controls, increased IVS thickness in both PDM (mean difference, 0.75 mm (95% CI, 0.56-0.94 mm)) and GDM (mean difference, 0.65 mm (95% CI, 0.39-0.91 mm)) pregnancies, decreased E/A ratio in PDM pregnancies (mean difference, -0.09 (95% CI, -0.15 to -0.03)), no difference in E/A ratio in GDM pregnancies (mean difference, -0.01 (95% CI, -0.02 to 0.01)) and no difference in MPI in either PDM (mean difference, 0.04 (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.09)) or GDM (mean difference, 0.03 (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.06)) pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this review show that maternal diabetes is associated with fetal cardiac hypertrophy, diastolic dysfunction and overall impaired myocardial performance on prenatal ultrasound, irrespective of whether diabetes is pregestational or gestational. Further studies are needed to demonstrate the relationship with long-term outcomes. © 2020 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Preventing CVD in Women: Common Questions and Answers.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in the United States. Women have unique risk factors for CVD, including pregnancy, hormones, autoimmune disorders, and psychological stress. Most risk calculators underestimate the risk of CVD in women; therefore, it is essential that physicians have a heightened awareness of risk-enhancing factors. A thorough history of adverse pregnancy conditions, hormonal factors, autoimmune diseases, and psychological stress, including adverse social determinants of health, should be documented in the electronic health record. A risk assessment using the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Calculator should be routinely performed, and those with borderline (5% to less than 7.5%) and intermediate (7.5% to less than 20%) risk should undergo lifestyle modification counseling and shared decision-making regarding the initiation of a statin, aspirin, or antihypertensive therapy. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be screened at four to 12 weeks postpartum with a two-hour oral glucose tolerance test, and, if normal, the test should be repeated every one to three years. Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be assessed within three months of delivery, and CVD risk assessment should occur annually thereafter. Because women with a history of adverse pregnancy conditions have higher rates of traditional CVD risk factors that emerge at younger ages, earlier and more frequent monitoring should be considered. Optimizing management of mood disorders, traditional CVD risk factors, and autoimmune diseases and considering the effects of social determinants of health are essential. Lifestyle modification counseling should include guidance to adhere to a plant-based diet that is mostly vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, and fish; 150 minutes of moderate-intensity or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise weekly; and tobacco cessation.
Reversible Second-Degree Heart Block Attributed to Ondansetron: A Rare Side Effect.; A primigravida at 36 weeks with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism and no prior chronic medical illness was admitted for safe confinement. A cesarean section was required to deliver the baby with breech presentation complicated by a slow progression of labor. Asymptomatic sinus bradycardia with a heart rate of 40 per minute was observed during the induction of anesthesia. Before bupivacaine administration for spinal anesthesia, she was administered pantoprazole 40 mg and ondansetron 4 mg intravenously. ECG recording showed a type 1 Mobitz second-degree heart block. Follow-up ECG showed progression of heart block to type 2 Mobitz second-degree heart block. The second-degree heart block persisted for 16 hours, during which the patient was asymptomatic, and the ventricular rate was maintained at a range of 60-80 per minute. After normalization of rhythm, the patient was observed in the ICU. She received another dose of ondansetron 4 mg intravenously for vomiting, and the heart block recurred. The rhythm disturbance was attributed to ondansetron. Her rhythm normalized after 36 hours, and she was subsequently discharged home three days later.
[Amniotic fluid embolism: an update].; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) results from the passage of fœtal and amniotic fragments into the maternal circulation, occurring mostly within minutes before or after delivery. Although maternal and fœtal mortality of AFE remains high (about 40%), AFE should no longer be considered as having an ineluctable fatal course. Diagnosis is often made upon clinical presentation but histological confirmation is difficult owing favorable outcome and because an autopsy has not been performed. Identification of squamous cells in the maternal circulation could not confirm the diagnosis because of their possible maternal origin. High plasma level of insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) has recently been identified as a biomarker of amniotic fluid passage into the maternal circulation and might therefore be used to confirm the diagnosis when lung tissue histology is not available. Treatment of AFE remains supportive with a special focus on correction of the coagulopathy and search for acute core pulmonale. In this later case, physicians should consider initiating an extracorporeal life support when facing a patient with refractory shock. Finally, caution is needed with the use of recombinant factor VIIa in this context.
Racial and ethnic disparities in chronic health conditions among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Background: This study aims to examine and determine the role of race/ethnicity in chronic conditions in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during any of their previous pregnancies. Methods: We used the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from2007-2016 to identify women who self-reported prior GDM and chronic disease diagnoses such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, depression, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).We used bivariate analysis using the chi-square test (χ²) and multiple logistic regressions to perform statistical test for associations, taking into consideration design and sample weight. Results: Among participants with prior GDM diagnoses, black women had a 74.4% prevalence of chronic disease, followed by Whites, 58.5% Hispanics, 58.0%, and Asians, 51.9% (P=0.009).Black women with prior GDM diagnoses had 2.4 odds of having chronic conditions compared to Whites (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=2.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.28-4.50). In addition, they had higher odds of being former smokers (AOR=1.73, 95% CI=1.01-2.96),current smokers (AOR=1.96, 95% CI=1.06-3.61), having a body mass index (BMI) of 25-29.9(AOR=2.55, 95% CI=1.10-5.87), or a BMI ≥30 (AOR=4.09, 95% CI = 2.05-8.17) compared to their White counterparts. Hispanic women had lower odds of being diagnosed with GDM and associated chronic diseases. Conclusion: Black women with GDM were disproportionally affected and at higher risk to be diagnosed with chronic conditions. Smoking and obesity were strongly associated with chronic disease diagnoses. Our findings also suggest a 'Hispanic Paradox', requiring further study. These findings inform primary care clinicians and Obstetricians, and Gynecologists of at-risk patients who could benefit from lifestyle modification recommendations and counseling.
Accelerated metabolic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in older women with a history of gestational diabetes.; The purpose of this study is to compare central obesity, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular disease risk factors between premenopausal and postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), controls, and women with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Subjects were 73 overweight/obese and sedentary women who had a history of GDM (n=31) and were either premenopausal (n=11, 44±1 years, X±s.e.m.), postmenopausal (n=20, 58±1 years), or without a history of GDM as healthy postmenopausal controls (n=27, 57±1 years) or postmenopausal with T2DM (n=16, 59±1 years). The premenopausal GDM women had higher maximal oxygen uptake and lower visceral fat than the other three groups (P<0.05). BMI, %body fat, subcutaneous abdominal fat, and intramuscular fat did not differ significantly among the four groups. Glucose utilization (M, 3 h 40 mU/m(2) per min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps) was 27% higher (P=0.05) in pre- than postmenopausal GDM and was not different between premenopausal GDM and postmenopausal controls. M was 28% lower (P=0.06) in postmenopausal GDM than controls and was not significantly different between postmenopausal GDM and T2DM groups. Thus, despite being younger and more physically fit, premenopausal women with prior GDM display similar central obesity, glucose, and metabolic profiles as postmenopausal controls. Postmenopausal women with prior GDM are more insulin resistant than controls of similar age, adiposity, and fitness levels and display comparable glucose utilization rates as similar as women with T2DM suggesting that a prior history of GDM may be an early manifestation of increased risk of later T2DM.
Heart Rate Variability and Pregnancy Complications: Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: The autonomic nervous system (ANS) is known as a critical regulatory system for pregnancy-induced adaptations. If it fails to function, life-threatening pregnancy complications could occur. Hence, understanding and monitoring the underlying mechanism of action for these complications are necessary. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to systematically review the literature concerned with the associations between heart rate variability (HRV), as an ANS biomarker, and pregnancy complications. METHODS: We performed a comprehensive search in the PubMed, Medline Completion, CINAHL Completion, Web of Science Core Collection Classic, Cochrane Library, and SCOPUS databases in February 2022 with no time span limitation. We included studies concerned with the association between any pregnancy complications and HRV, with or without a control group. The PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guideline was used for the review of the studies, and Covidence software was used for the study selection process. For data synthesis, we used the guideline by Popay et al. RESULTS: Finally, 12 studies with 6656 participants were included. Despite the methodological divergency that hindered a comprehensive comparison, our findings suggest that ANS is linked with some common pregnancy complications including fetal growth. However, existing studies do not support an association between ANS and gestational diabetes mellitus. Studies that linked pulmonary and central nervous system disorders with ANS function did not provide enough evidence to draw conclusions. CONCLUSIONS: This review highlights the importance of understanding and monitoring the underlying mechanism of ANS in pregnancy-induced adaptations and the need for further research with robust methodology in this area.
The role of lactation in GDM women.; Lactating women exhibit more favorable blood glucose and insulin profiles, as well as increased insulin sensitivity than nonlactating women. Yet, much less is known about whether these favorable effects on metabolic risk factors persist long-term among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The evidence that lactation reduces incident type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy is limited and inconsistent. Well-controlled, prospective studies that measure lactation intensity and duration, and comprehensively screen for postpartum glucose tolerance are needed to conclusively determine whether lactation can lead to reduced risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy.
[Heart, arteries and women, a care pathway for women at high cardiovascular risk].; Cardiovascular (CV) diseases are the primary cause of death of women. Since they kill 10 times more than breast cancer, preventive measures should be implemented. According to U.S. recommendations, a woman is either at "CV risk" or at "optimal health status" if she has no risk factors and a perfectly healthy lifestyle. Some risk factors are more deleterious to women (smoking, diabetes, stress, depression, atrial fibrillation); or specific to women (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, contraception, menopause, headaches). The lifestyle plays a key role for them. The blood pressure measurement is the most frequent opportunity to detect women at risk. CV tests should be performed to all symptomatic women and for those over the age of 45 who want to start practicing sport. The cardiologist can play a key role to improve women's CV health by integrating their hormonal risks. Women themselves can also make a powerful contribution to prevention by adopting a healthy lifestyle. From those recommendations concerning women's CV health, there is a great opportunity to initiate a health path for women at high cardiovascular risk. The objectives of the specific path "heart, arteries and women" of University hospital of Lille will be to improve professional practice, awareness of women, educate public authorities and within a few years reduce the epidemic of CVD of French women.
Metformin versus placebo from first trimester to delivery in polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized, controlled multicenter study.; CONTEXT: Metformin is widely prescribed to pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in an attempt to reduce pregnancy complications. Metformin is not approved for this indication, and evidence for this practice is lacking. OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to test the hypothesis that metformin, from first trimester to delivery, reduces pregnancy complications in women with PCOS. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multicenter study at 11 secondary care centers. PARTICIPANTS: The participants were 257 women with PCOS, in the first trimester of pregnancy, aged 18-42 yr. INTERVENTION: We randomly assigned 274 singleton pregnancies (in 257 women) to receive metformin or placebo, from first trimester to delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The prevalence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and a composite of these three outcomes is reported. RESULTS: Preeclampsia prevalence was 7.4% in the metformin group and 3.7% in the placebo group (3.7%; 95% CI, -1.7-9.2) (P=0.18). Preterm delivery prevalence was 3.7% in the metformin group and 8.2% in the placebo group (-4.4%; 95%, CI, -10.1-1.2) (P=0.12). Gestational diabetes mellitus prevalence was 17.6% in the metformin group and 16.9% in the placebo group (0.8%; 95% CI, -8.6-10.2) (P=0.87). The composite primary endpoint prevalence was 25.9 and 24.4%, respectively (1.5%; 95% CI, -8.9-11.3) (P=0.78). Women in the metformin group gained less weight during pregnancy compared with those in the placebo group. There was no difference in fetal birth weight between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Metformin treatment from first trimester to delivery did not reduce pregnancy complications in PCOS.
Controversies in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and controversy are old friends. However, several major studies in the field have clarified some of the main issues. There is now no doubt that hyperglycaemia, at levels less than those that occur in overt diabetes, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as large-for-gestational age infants, neonatal hyperinsulinism, neonatal hypoglycaemia and pre-eclampsia. We also have evidence now that a standard approach to GDM with diagnosis at 24-28 weeks, dietary advice, self-monitoring of blood glucose and insulin therapy as needed reduces these adverse perinatal outcomes. Unknown, however, is if this same approach is effective at reducing long-term risks of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both the mothers and babies. For example, could our management strategies miss critical time points of fuel-mediated injury to the foetus important for the baby's long-term metabolic health? The implications of a recent international consensus statement on new diagnostic criteria for GDM are discussed, as well as issues relating to the timing of diagnosis. The potential place for a risk calculator for adverse outcomes in GDM pregnancy that takes into account glycaemic and non-glycaemic risk factors is considered. Such a tool could help stratify GDM women to different levels of care. Ongoing issues relating to maternal glycaemic and foetal growth targets, and the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents in GDM are discussed. To resolve some of the remaining controversies, further carefully designed randomised controlled trials in GDM with long-term follow-up of both mothers and babies are necessary.
Relation between abdominal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers during pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: Subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness (SCFT) is important for predisposition to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Our aim was to evaluate maternal SCFT and metabolic changes (such as insulin resistance and high inflammatory markers) during pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women between 24-28 weeks of gestation were enrolled in the study. The SCFT was measured by ultrasonography and patients were divided into 2 groups according to thickness of maternal SCFT and body mass index (BMI). Groups were compared with each other for oral glucose loading test (OGL) results, and for haematological, biochemical and fetal biometric parameters. RESULTS: After analysis of frequency for SCFT, the most appropriate cut-off value for grouping patients was found to be 15 mm for SCFT. In 48 cases SCFT was over 15 mm. High C reactive protein (CRP) was found in 47.9% (23) of cases with SCFT over 15 mm. Serum haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level was significantly correlated with SCFT thickness. The most important factors for determination of OGL level were found to be serum HbA1c level, BMI and SCFT. In obese subjects (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2)), levels of inflammatory markers and SCFT thickness were higher. The CRP and γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels were significantly correlated with BMI and SCFT. CONCLUSIONS: High SCFT during pregnancy is associated with elevated inflammatory marker levels and HbA1c. Pregnant women with thicker SCFT may be susceptible to the development of metabolic complications of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension, as well as risk of future metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
The association between serum asymmetric dimethyl arginine levels and a history of gestational diabetes among healthy women.; In recent years, asymmetric dimethyl arginine (ADMA) has emerged as an early marker and/or mediator of endothelial dysfunction and it has been proved to be a novel, independent risk factor of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Our aim in this study was to compare the ADMA concentrations among patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with controls. Thirty women with a history of GDM and 40 age-matched and BMI-matched healthy controls were enrolled in this study. ADMA concentrations, fasting blood glucose levels, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) second hour plasma glucose levels, and insulin levels were compared between two groups. The fasting blood glucose levels were also significantly higher in patients with GDM history. Although second hour values of 75-g OGTT were higher in patients with GDM history, the difference between groups was not statistically significant. However, the insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance levels were statistically significantly higher in patients with a history of GDM. The concentrations of ADMA were found to be statistically higher in patients with a history of GDM (0.45 ± 0.11 vs. 0.31 ± 0.13 μmol/l, respectively; P = 0.01). This study shows that women who had a history of GDM are under risk for cardiovascular diseases, although they seem to be healthy and have normal blood biochemical levels, because of elevated serum ADMA levels. Clinicians should be aware of this increased cardiovascular disease risk among patients with a history of GDM.
The genetic polymorphism in the STK11 does not affect gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity that develops during pregnancy. Recent studies indicate that GDM onset is rapid, and that women with GDM will develop other metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in their future. Serine/threonine kinase 11 (STK11) is engaged in the insulin signaling pathway and encoded protein is an important activator of adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase. Based on the previously reported association between the STK11 gene and diabetes, we aimed to investigate whether the rs8111699 polymorphism in STK11 has any role in gestation diabetes in Saudi women. In this case-control study, we recruited pregnant Saudi women based on biochemical analysis of their blood samples. Genomic DNA was obtained from confirmed subjects (200 GDM cases and 300 non-GDM). PCR-RFLP analysis was performed to detect the C528G polymorphism in the STK11 gene. The anthropometric and clinical data were similar between the GDM and non-GDM subjects (p > 0.05), whereas the biochemical analysis was significantly different between the cases and controls (p < 0.05). The genotype and allele frequencies between of the STK11 gene were not statistically significant difference between the GDM and non-GDM groups (OR=0.82; 95% CI:=0.6-1.0; p=0.12). Our study suggests that the rs8111699 polymorphism has no role in the development of GDM in pregnant Saudi women.
Nutritional and developmental programming effects of insulin.; The discovery of insulin in 1921 was a major breakthrough in medicine and for therapy in patients with diabetes. The dramatic rise in the prevalence of overweight and obesity has been tightly linked to an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which poses major health concerns. Babies born to GDM mothers are more likely to develop obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Evidence accumulated during the past two decades has revealed that high levels insulin, such as those observed during GDM, can have a widespread effect on the development and function of a variety of organs. This review summarises our current knowledge on the role of insulin in the placenta, cardiovascular system and brain during critical periods of development, as well as how it can contribute to lifelong metabolic regulation. We also discuss possible intervention strategies to ameliorate and hopefully reverse the developmental defects associated with obesity and GDM.
The Standard-Dose Heparin-Warfarin Remedy Partially Resolves Thrombi in the Right Superior Pulmonary Vein and Left Atrium and Ameliorates Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Pulmonary vein thrombosis is common and underdiagnosed. Previously, we reported several cases of pulmonary vein thrombi (PVTs) using cardiac computed tomography (CT) and transesophageal echocardiography (TEE). We reported that warfarin and direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) partially resolved PVTs; however, it is difficult to resolve all PVTs completely. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy on PVTs and left atrium (LA) thrombi using TEE and cardiac CT. A 64-year-old male with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension was assessed for thrombi in the LA and pulmonary veins using TEE and 80-slice multidetector computed tomography (80-MDCT). After one month of standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy, the patient's right superior pulmonary vein (RSPV) thrombi and expanded LA thrombi from the RSPV thrombi had partially resolved. The RSPV thrombi and the expanded LA thrombi from the RSPV thrombi were detected using cardiac CT and TEE; however, they were depicted as black areas on TEE. They periodically moved inward with the patient's heartbeats. Additionally, the standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy ameliorated the patient's T2DM, and the remedy effect could be maintained for five months to some extent by administering a standard dose of warfarin. The standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy can ameliorate not only T2DM but also diabetic complications such as diabetic nephropathy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
The Influence of Lipid and Proinflammatory Status on Maternal Uterine Blood Flow in Women With Late Onset Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased proinflammatory cytokines and is also associated with adverse cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes later in life. We aim to evaluate the relationships between uterine arteries vascularization and endothelial dysfunction markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and glycemic and lipid profile in women with GDM. METHODS: Fifty pregnant women were recruited at the third trimester of pregnancy for a prospective cohort study. They were classified into 2 groups: control and GDM. Comparisons of maternal plasma concentrations of endothelial dysfunction markers (vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), proinflammatory cytokines and mediators (interleukin 6 [IL-6], tumor necrosis factor α, vascular endothelial growth factor, placental growth factor, leptin, leukocyte count, and C-reactive protein), lipid profile, glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels were performed. Mean uterine arteries Doppler pulsatility index (PI) was calculated and the relationships between the variables and PI were also analyzed. RESULTS: Women with GDM showed higher proinflammatory cytokines, however, endothelial dysfunction markers were similar in both groups. In the diabetic group, significant correlations were found between the mean uterine arteries PI and maternal IL-6 ( r = .56, P = .01), triglycerides ( r = .49; P = .03), total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio ( r = .61; P = .006), glucose (r = .62, P = .005), and glycosylated hemoglobin ( r = .48; P = .03). A negative significant correlation between mean uterine arteries PI and HDLc ( r = -.58; P = .02) was also found. CONCLUSION: The proinflammatory status, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic control correlate with uterine blood flow velocity waveforms in women with gestational diabetes.
Persistent pollutants: focus on perfluorinated compounds and kidney.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: There is increasing interest in the environmental and human damage caused by pollutants. Big efforts are continuously made to monitor their levels and identify safe thresholds. For this purpose, an essential step is to prioritize harmful substances and understand their effect on human body. Perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) deserve particular attention because of their wide diffusion and potential correlation with different diseases including glucose intolerance, hyperlipidaemia, thyroid diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension, testicular and genitourinary cancer as well as impaired kidney function. This review focuses on the renal effects of PFCs, with the attempt to clarify their occurrence and pathogenetic mechanisms. RECENT FINDINGS: We reviewed MEDLINE and EMBASE citations between 31 October 2017 and 31 May 2019 and selected human studies measuring PFCs exposure, kidney function markers and the ability of haemodialysis to remove PFCs from the circulating blood. It has been currently clarified that exposure to PFCs is linked with an impaired kidney function and that they can be removed by blood purification. SUMMARY: Further studies are required on the potential synergic negative effect of PFCs co-exposure with other pollutants as well as animal studies about the removal capacity of different haemodialysis membranes.
Mermaid syndrome: Rare genetic anomaly.; Mermaid syndrome (Sirenomelia) is a rare fatal congenital anomaly. The prevalence is reported to be 1 in 100,000 births. The baby appears to have a fish-like tail and joined legs featuring a mermaid at the time of birth or during antenatal screening. Most of these patients die shortly after birth, denoting rare survival rate. Gastrointestinal and genitourinary obstruction with single umbilical artery are the clinical symptoms. Two important hypotheses support the Sirenomelia disorder: the artery steal hypothesis, called the vitelline artery, and the blastogenesis defect hypothesis. There is no known reason for MS, but certain risk factors need to be identified, which include mother aged more than 40 years or less than 20 years at the time of giving birth, cousin marriage, exposure to teratogenic agents, and family history. A case of this rare congenital disorder was seen in Civil Hospital Faisalabad, Pakistan, which was referred from Duniyapur, District Lodhran, Pakistan. The neonate presented with fused lower limbs, congenital heart disease, and high-grade fever. The mother had a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The baby had fused legs, unidentified internal and external genital system, thumbs anomaly, bile in vomit, and despite life-saving efforts, the patient expired after five days of birth. There is lack of information regarding symptoms and a lack of prenatal screening for MS. Hence, there is a need to create awareness among health care professionals to identify the disease on screening for early diagnosis.
Association between newborn birth weight and the risk of postpartum maternal venous thromboembolism: a population-based case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Postpartum venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially fatal and preventable event leading to substantial short- and long-term morbidity. We sought to evaluate whether the delivery of term newborns of low or high birth weight was associated with greater risks of VTE. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a population-based case-control study conducted in Washington State from 1987 through 2011, cases of hospitalized VTE within 3 months of delivery were identified by using selected International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women without VTE, matched on birth year. Birth weight and other maternal and pregnancy characteristics were extracted from birth certificate data. Among term live singleton deliveries, we compared the risk of VTE for mothers of newborns of low and high birth weights (<2500 g and >4000 g, respectively) versus mothers of newborns of normal birth weight (2500-4000 g). Logistic regression models were adjusted for maternal age, race, education, body mass index, parity, delivery methods, gestational length, smoking, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia. Patients with VTE (n=547) were older, had a higher body mass index, and experienced more pregnancy-related complications than controls (n=9482). In comparison with mothers of newborns with normal birth weight, mothers of newborns with low birth weight had a 3-fold increased risk of VTE, which persisted after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 2.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.80-4.93). Mothers of newborns with high birth weight had only a slightly increased risk of VTE, which was attenuated after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 0.99-1.61). CONCLUSIONS: The delivery of a newborn with low birth weight is associated with a 3-fold increased risk of maternal postpartum VTE. This should be considered when assessing VTE risk at delivery.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring's carotid intima-media thickness at birth: MySweetHeart Cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic risks for the mother and the offspring. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have signs of subclinical atherosclerosis, including increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). We assessed whether GDM is associated with increased CIMT in the offspring at birth. DESIGN AND SETTING: MySweetHeart Cohort is a prospective cohort study conducted in Switzerland. PARTICIPANTS, EXPOSURE AND OUTCOME MEASURES: This work included pregnant women with and without GDM at 24-32 weeks of gestation and their singleton live-born offspring with data on the primary outcome of CIMT. GDM was diagnosed based on the criteria of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. Offspring's CIMT was measured by ultrasonography after birth (range 1-19 days). RESULTS: Data on CIMT were available for 99 offspring of women without GDM and 101 offspring of women with GDM. Maternal age ranged from 18 to 47 years. Some 16% of women with GDM and 6% of women without GDM were obese. Smoking during pregnancy was more frequent among women with GDM (18%) than among those without GDM (4%). Neonatal characteristics were comparable between the two groups. The difference in CIMT between offspring of women with and without GDM was of 0.00 mm (95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; p=0.96) and remained similar on adjustment for potential confounding factors, such as maternal prepregnancy body mass index, maternal education, smoking during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, as well as offspring's sex, age, and body surface area (0.00 mm (95% CI -0.02 to 0.01; p=0.45)). CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence of increased CIMT in neonates exposed to GDM. A longer-term follow-up that includes additional vascular measures, such as endothelial function or arterial stiffness, may shed further light on the cardiovascular health trajectories in children born to mothers with GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02872974; Pre-results.
Women's and healthcare providers' perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study.; OBJECTIVES: A diagnosis of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is highly predictive of women at increased risk of developing chronic hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. This study investigates perceptions of women and healthcare providers in rural India regarding these long-term risks. DESIGN: Qualitative study using modified grounded theory. SETTING: Two states in rural India: Haryana and Andhra Pradesh. POPULATION: Pregnant and postpartum women, community health workers (CHWs), primary care physicians, obstetricians, laboratory technicians, and healthcare officials. METHODS: In-depth interviews and focus group discussions explored: (1) priorities for high-risk pregnant women; (2) detection and management of HDPs and GDM; (3) postpartum management, and (4) knowledge of long-term sequelae of high-risk conditions. A thematic analysis was undertaken. RESULTS: Seven focus group discussions and 11 in-depth interviews (n = 71 participants) were performed. The key priority area for high-risk pregnant women was anaemia. Blood pressure measurement was routinely embedded in antenatal care; however, postpartum follow up and knowledge of the long-term complications were limited. GDM was not considered a common problem, although significant variations and challenges to GDM screening were identified. Knowledge of the long-term sequelae of GDM with regard to an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among doctors was minimal. CONCLUSIONS: There is a need for improved education, standardisation of testing and postpartum follow up of HDPs and GDM in rural Indian settings. FUNDING: SN is supported by an MRC Clinical Research Training Fellowship (MR/R017182/1). The George Institute for Global Health Global Women's Health programme provided financial support for the research assistant and fieldwork costs in India. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Improved education and postpartum care of women with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy in rural India are needed to prevent long-term risks.
Association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with GDM.; AIM: There is evidence that arthrosclerosis may originate at birth, so assessment of serum lipid levels in cord blood might be important. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to compare these parameters with those in newborns of non-diabetic. METHODS: The study group included 112 women (singleton pregnancy, and GDM diagnosed following WHO criteria), and as controlled subjects, 159 matched healthy pregnant women and their newborn babies were selected. A sample of cord blood was obtained at delivery. The cord blood's insulin, glucose, and lipids (total cholesterol, high-density cholesterol, low- density cholesterol, and triglyceride) were determined. The relationships between these metabolic parameters and large for gestational age (LGA) were also assessed. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL -C), triglyceride (TG) and glucose levels between two groups but the LDL-C level, LDL/HDL ratio and insulin level were significantly higher in newborns of mother with GDM. LGA newborns of diabetic mothers, show the HDL-C level were significantly lower and LDL-C level were significantly higher than AGA (Appropriate for Gestational Age). CONCLUSION: These results show that GDM altered neonatal plasma lipids metabolism and so newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Medical and obstetric complications among pregnant women aged 45 and older.; OBJECTIVE: The number of women aged 45 and older who become pregnant is increasing. The objective of this study was to estimate the risk of medical and obstetric complications among women aged 45 and older. METHODS: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample was used to identify pregnant woman during admission for delivery. Deliveries were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9-CM) codes. Using ICD-9-CM codes, pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications were identified in women at the time of delivery and were compared for women aged 45 years and older to women under age 35. Outcomes among women aged 35-44 were also compared to women under age 35 to determine if women in this group demonstrated intermediate risk between the older and younger groups. Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals for pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications for both older groups relative to women under 35. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were also developed for outcomes at delivery among older women, while controlling for pre-existing medical conditions, multiple gestation, and insurance status, to determine the effect of age on the studied outcomes. RESULTS: Women aged 45 and older had higher adjusted odds for death, transfusion, myocardial infarction/ischemia, cardiac arrest, acute heart failure, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, acute renal failure, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, fetal demise, fetal chromosomal anomaly, and placenta previa compared to women under 35. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women aged 45 and older experience significantly more medical and obstetric complications and are more likely to die at the time of a delivery than women under age 35, though the absolute risks are low and these events are rare. Further research is needed to determine what associated factors among pregnant women aged 45 and older may contribute to these findings.
Variations in Awareness of Association Between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Risk by Specialty.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-term birth (PTB) are associated with future maternal CVD risk. However, data on awareness of the association between APOs and long-term CVD risk among physicians in different specialties are lacking. This study assessed awareness of this association and whether this knowledge varies by specialty. METHODS: An anonymous web-based voluntary survey was sent to physicians in internal medicine (IM), family medicine (FM), obstetrics-gynecology (Ob-Gyn) and cardiology. The questions aimed to assess a physician's knowledge regarding identification of APOs and their association with future CVD risk and knowledge of CVD risk factor screening in women with APOs and future CVD risk. RESULTS: The survey was completed by 53 physicians, of whom 21% were in IM, 26% in FM, 23% in Ob-Gyn and 30% in cardiology. Based on the responses, cardiologists screened most frequently for APOs, with 56% always screening a female patient and 31% often screening. Only half of the IM and FM physicians acknowledged awareness of the association between APOs and CVD risk. Respondents in all specialties recognized PE and GDM as APOs linked to long-term maternal CVD risk, but failed to associate PTB as an APO. The majority of physicians in IM, FM and cardiology also lacked the knowledge of how often to appropriately screen for CVD risk factors associated with APOs. CONCLUSION: Awareness of the association between APO and future maternal CVD risk varies by specialty. A significant percentage of the physicians who responded to the survey did not routinely ask about APOs when assessing CVD risk and failed to identify PTB as a risk factor for APOs. Education on this topic and targeted efforts to improve screening for APOs are needed within all specialties to help reduce CVD morbidity and mortality.
Placental growth factor alleviates hyperglycemia-induced trophoblast pyroptosis by regulating mitophagy.; INTRODUCTION: Hyperglycemia is closely related to trophoblast dysfunction during pregnancy and results in suppressed invasion, migration, and pro-inflammatory cell death of trophoblasts. Hyperglycemia is a dependent risk factor for gestational hypertension accompanied by decreased placental growth factor (PLGF), which is important for maternal and fetal development. However, there is currently a lack of evidence to support whether PLGF can alleviate trophoblast cell dysfunction caused by high blood sugar. Here, we aim to clarify the effect of hyperglycemia on trophoblast dysfunction and determine how PLGF affects this process. METHODS: The changes in placental tissue histomorphology from gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients were compared with those of normal placentas. HTR8/SVneo cells were cultured in different amounts of glucose to examine cellular pyroptosis, migration, and invasion as well as PLGF levels. Furthermore, the levels of pyroptosis-related proteins (NLRP3, pro-caspase1, caspase1, IL-1β, and Gasdermin D [GSDMD]) as well as autophagy-related proteins (LC3-II, Beclin1, and p62) were examined by Western blotting. The GFP-mRFP-LC3-II system and transmission electron microscopy were used to detect mitophagy levels, and small interfering RNAs targeting BCL2 Interacting Protein 3 (siBNIP3) and PTEN-induced kinase 1 (siPINK1) were used to determine the role of mitophagy in pyroptotic death of HTR-8/SVneo cells. RESULTS: Our results show that hyperglycemia upregulates NLRP3, pro-caspase1, caspase1, IL-1β at the protein level in GDM patients. High glucose (HG, 25 mM) inhibits viability, invasion, and migration of trophoblast cells while suppressing superoxide dismutase levels and promoting malondialdehyde production, thus leading to a senescence associated beta-gal-positive cell burst. PLGF levels in nucleus and the cytosol are also inhibited by HG, whereas PLGF treatment inhibited pyroptosis-related protein levels of NLRP3, pro-caspase1, caspase1, IL-1β, and GSDMD, Gasdermin D N-terminal domain (GSDMD-N). HG-induced mitochondrial dysfunction and BNIP3 and PINK1/Parkin expression. Knocking down BINP3 and PINK1 abolished the protective role of PLGF by preventing mitophagy. CONCLUSION: PLGF inhibited hyperglycemia, while PLGF reversed hyperglycemic injury by promoting mitophagy via the BNIP3/PINK1/Parkin pathway. Altogether, these results suggest that PLGF may protect against trophoblast dysfunction in diabetes.
Maternal arterial stiffness in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate whether maternal arterial stiffness is altered in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes compared to normoglycemic women. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study involving 34 women with GDM and their controls (n = 34), and 34 women with type 2 diabetes and their controls (n = 34). Maternal arterial stiffness was assessed using applanation tonometry. RESULTS: In patients with GDM, compared to their controls, augmentation index (a measure of arterial wave reflection) was higher (13.1 +/- 8.9% vs 0.7 +/- 11.4%; P < .001) and pulse wave velocity (PWV) (arterial stiffness of the carotid-femoral) was marginally increased (6 +/- 1.5 vs 5.4 +/- 0.6 m/s; P = .07). In type 2 diabetics, compared to their controls, both augmentation index and PWV were increased (11.5 +/- 11.4% vs 3.3 +/- 12.5%; P = .006, and 6.8 +/- 1.2 vs 5.6 +/- 1 m/s; P < .001). When all groups were considered together, there was a significant trend of increasing augmentation index (P = .001) and PWV (P < .001) from controls to those with GDM to type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies complicated by GDM and type 2 diabetes are associated with increased maternal arterial stiffness.
Postpartum counseling in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk across the lifespan. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Heart Association emphasize the postpartum period as an important opportunity to identify and intervene women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the proportion of women with documented counseling on risks and transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at the postpartum visit. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective longitudinal descriptive study of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy who were enrolled in a text-based blood pressure program from September 2018 to February 2019. We abstracted counseling in the discharge summary and postpartum note from the electronic medical record. The primary outcome was counseling at the postpartum visit defined as documentation of (1) follow-up with primary care or cardiology, (2) risk of cardiovascular disease, or (3) recommendation for aspirin in a future pregnancy. We assessed demographic and clinical factors that may influence counseling through multivariable logistic regression. We also compared the proportion of women counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy vs contraception and glucose tolerance tests at the postpartum visit. RESULTS: Of 320 eligible women, most women had gestational hypertension or preeclampsia without severe features (64%). Postpartum visits were scheduled in our hospital system for 284 women, of whom 253 attended (89%). Documented counseling occurred for 62 women (25%). Counseling on follow-up with primary care or cardiology, cardiovascular disease risk, and aspirin in future pregnancies was documented for 51 (20%), 15 (6%), and 1 (0.4%), respectively. Only 1 woman had documented counseling on all 3 components. In multivariable analysis, black race remained an independent factor that increased the likelihood of counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 2.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-5.83). Women were significantly less likely to be counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than on contraceptives (99%, P<.001) or glucose tolerance testing after gestational diabetes mellitus (79%, P<.001). CONCLUSION: Postpartum counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy merits urgent improvement efforts among obstetrical care providers.
High glucose condition inhibits trophoblast proliferation, migration and invasion by downregulating placental growth factor expression.; AIM: This study aimed to investigate the effect of high glucose (HG) level on the proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblasts and determine the role of placental growth factor (PLGF) in the process. METHODS: HTR8-S/Vneo was treated with different concentrations of d-glucose (0, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30 μM) at different times (0, 6, 12 and 24 h). qRT-PCR and Western blot analyses were used to measure PLGF expression. The protein level of PLGF was measured by immunofluorescence. Cell proliferation was assessed with CCK-8 analysis. Wound healing and transwell assays were used to evaluate cell migration and invasion. Intercellular ROS was detected with DCFH-DA. RESULTS: After d-glucose treatment, the viability decreased in 25 and 30 μM groups. The HG group (25 μM) showed inhibited cell migration and invasion ability. The mRNA and protein levels of PLGF decreased under HG condition. Elevated ROS production was also detected in the HG group. Knocked-down PLGF expression enhanced increased ROS production and decreased cell migration and invasion, which reverted to the original levels after PLGF was overexpressed. CONCLUSION: High glucose treatment inhibited HTR8-S/Vneo viability, migration and invasion by downregulating PLGF expression.
Circulating angiotensin II type I receptor - autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies.; Pregnant women with either pre-existing or gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of preeclampsia as well as future cardiovascular disease. The renin-angiotensin system is dysregulated in both diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. In preeclampsia, maternal levels of circulating agonistic autoantibodies against the angiotensin II Type I receptor (AT(1)-AAs) are increased. Circulating AT(1)-AAs are thought to contribute to both the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and the increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Studies exploring AT(1)-AA in diabetes outside pregnancy suggest their potential for both metabolic and cardiovascular pathogenicity. No studies have investigated AT(1)-AAs in diabetic pregnancies. We hypothesized elevated maternal circulating AT(1)-AA levels in pregnancies complicated by any type of diabetes mellitus. Third-trimester maternal serum from 39 women (controls: n = 10; type 1 diabetes: n = 9; type 2 diabetes: n = 10; gestational diabetes=10) were analyzed for AT(1)-AA using an established bioassay method. Circulating AT(1)-AAs were present in 70% (7/10) of the controls and 83% (24/29) of the diabetes group (P = 0.399). Presence of AT(1)-AA was correlated to hsCRP levels (P = 0.036), but neither with maternal circulating angiogenic factors (soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor), nor with maternal or fetal characteristics indicative of metabolic disease or placental dysfunction. Our study is the first to demonstrate presence of circulating AT(1)-AAs in pregnant women with any type of diabetes. Our findings suggest AT(1)-AAs presence in pregnancy independently of placental dysfunction, nuancing the current view on their pathogenicity. Whether AT(1)-AAs per se contribute to increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and future cardiovascular disease remains currently unanswered.
Consistent cord blood DNA methylation signatures of gestational age between South Asian and white European cohorts.; BACKGROUND: Epigenetic modifications, particularly DNA methylation (DNAm) in cord blood, are an important biological marker of how external exposures during gestation can influence the in-utero environment and subsequent offspring development. Despite the recognized importance of DNAm during gestation, comparative studies to determine the consistency of these epigenetic signals across different ethnic groups are largely absent. To address this gap, we first performed epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of gestational age (GA) using newborn cord blood DNAm comparatively in a white European (n = 342) and a South Asian (n = 490) birth cohort living in Canada. Then, we capitalized on established cord blood epigenetic GA clocks to examine the associations between maternal exposures, offspring characteristics and epigenetic GA, as well as GA acceleration, defined as the residual difference between epigenetic and chronological GA at birth. RESULTS: Individual EWASs confirmed 1,211 and 1,543 differentially methylated CpGs previously reported to be associated with GA, in white European and South Asian cohorts, respectively, with a similar distribution of effects. We confirmed that Bohlin's cord blood GA clock was robustly correlated with GA in white Europeans (r = 0.71; p = 6.0 × 10(-54)) and South Asians (r = 0.66; p = 6.9 × 10(-64)). In both cohorts, Bohlin's clock was positively associated with newborn weight and length and negatively associated with parity, newborn female sex, and gestational diabetes. Exclusive to South Asians, the GA clock was positively associated with the newborn ponderal index, while pre-pregnancy weight and gestational weight gain were strongly predictive of increased epigenetic GA in white Europeans. Important predictors of GA acceleration included gestational diabetes mellitus, newborn sex, and parity in both cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate the consistent DNAm signatures of GA and the utility of Bohlin's GA clock across the two populations. Although the overall pattern of DNAm is similar, its connections with the mother's environment and the baby's anthropometrics can differ between the two groups. Further research is needed to understand these unique relationships.
Assessment and management of pregnancies complicated by pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a commonly encountered medical complication of pregnancy that affects more than 100,000 pregnancies annually. The discovery of insulin and numerous scientific advances, including both fetal heart rate and glucose monitoring, dramatically improved the outlook for women with diabetes and their offspring. However, despite these recent advances, women with diabetes and their infants still remain at higher risk for a number of complications. Pregnancy has frequently been characterized as having a diabetogenic effect on normal carbohydrate metabolism, as evidenced by hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia in response to feeding. This leads to gestational diabetes in 2% to 3% of women and a worsened metabolic state in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Since the availability of nutrients for the fetus is primarily dependent on the maternal metabolic state, these aberrations in fuel metabolism are believed to result in a host of perinatal complications, including diabetic embryopathy. In fact, the frequency of congenital anomalies is increased among infants of women with diabetes; they are responsible for approximately 40% of all perinatal deaths. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels coupled with contemporary management strategies can reduce the frequency of congenital anomalies as well as improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. However, to impact on the congenital anomalies, euglycemia must begin in the preconceptual period and continue throughout organogenesis. Preconception counseling and intensive therapy regimens remain the focus of management programs targeted at women with diabetes.
The Role of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Conventional Cardiovascular Risk Prediction.; OBJECTIVE: Approximately one-third of women in the U.S. experience an adverse pregnancy outcome (APO), which are recognized as sex-specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. We examine if APOs confer additional CVD risk beyond that of traditional CVD risk factors. METHODS: Women, age 40-79, with a pregnancy history and no pre-existing CVD were identified in the electronic health record of one health system (n = 2306). APOs included any APO, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP), and gestational diabetes (GDM). Hazard ratios of time to CVD event were estimated from survival models using Cox proportional hazard regression. Discrimination, calibration, and net reclassification of re-estimated CVD risk prediction models including APOs were examined. RESULTS: There was no significant association between any APO, HDP, or GDM and time to CVD outcome in survival models (95% confidence intervals all include 1). Including any APO, HDP, GDM in the CVD risk prediction model did not significantly improve discrimination and there were no clinically relevant changes in net reclassification of cases and non-cases. The strongest predictor of time to CVD event in the survival models was Black race, with hazard ratios ranging from 1.59 to 1.62, statistically significant for all three models. CONCLUSION: Women with APOs did not have an additional risk of CVD, controlling for traditional risk factors in the PCE and this sex-specific factor did not improve risk prediction. Black race was consistently a strong predictor of CVD even with data limitations. Further study of APOs can help determine how to best use this information for CVD prevention in women.
Maternal Cardiac Changes in Women With Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated if women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function, or tissue characteristics. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Thirty-eight healthy, pregnant women and 30 women with GDM were recruited. Participants underwent phosphorus MRS and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine [PCr] to ATP ratio), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal shortening (GLS), and mitral in-flow E-wave to A-wave ratio. RESULTS: Participants were matched for age, gestational age, and ethnicity. The following data are reported as mean ± SD. The women with GDM had higher BMI (27 ± 4 vs. 33 ± 5 kg/m2; P = 0.0001) and systolic (115 ± 11 vs. 121 ± 13 mmHg; P = 0.04) and diastolic (72 ± 7 vs. 76 ± 9 mmHg; P = 0.04) blood pressures. There was no difference in N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide concentrations between the groups. The women with GDM had lower myocardial PCr to ATP ratio (2.2 ± 0.3 vs. 1.9 ± 0.4; P < 0.0001), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes (76 ± 12 vs. 67 ± 11 mL/m2; P = 0.002) and higher LV mass (90 ± 13 vs. 103 ± 18 g; P = 0.001). Although ventricular ejection fractions were similar, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM (-20% ± 3% vs. -18% ± 3%; P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: Despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes, women with obesity and GDM manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics in late pregnancy compared with lean women with healthy pregnancy. These findings may aid our understanding of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with GDM.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with several maternal complications in pregnancy, including preeclampsia, preterm labor, need for induction of labor, and cesarean delivery as well as increased long-term risks of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM raises the risk for complications in offspring as well, including stillbirth, macrosomia, and birth trauma, and long-term risk of metabolic disease. One of the strongest risk factors for GDM is the occurrence of GDM in a prior pregnancy. Preliminary data from epidemiologic and bariatric surgery studies suggest that reducing body weight before pregnancy can prevent the development of GDM, but no adequately powered trial has tested the effects of a maternal lifestyle intervention before pregnancy to reduce body weight and prevent GDM recurrence. METHODS: The principal aim of the Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is to determine whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce body weight before pregnancy can reduce GDM recurrence. This two-site trial targets recruitment of 252 women with overweight and obesity who have previous histories of GDM and who plan to have another pregnancy in the next 1-3 years. Women are randomized within site to a comprehensive pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss with ongoing treatment until conception or an educational control group. Participants are assessed preconceptionally (at study entry, after 4 months, and at brief quarterly visits until conception), during pregnancy (at 26 weeks' gestation), and at 6 weeks postpartum. The primary outcome is GDM recurrence, and secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease, prenatal and perinatal complications, and changes over time in weight, diet, physical activity, and psychosocial measures. DISCUSSION: The Gestational Diabetes Prevention /Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of a lifestyle intervention delivered before pregnancy to prevent GDM recurrence. If found effective, the proposed lifestyle intervention could lay the groundwork for shifting current treatment practices towards the interconception period and provide evidence-based preconception counseling to optimize reproductive outcomes and prevent GDM and associated health risks. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02763150 . Registered on May 5, 2016.
What accounts for ethnic differences in newborn skinfold thickness comparing South Asians and White Caucasians? Findings from the START and FAMILY Birth Cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: South Asians are a high-risk group for type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. We sought to determine ethnic differences in newborn adiposity comparing South Asians (SA) to White Caucasians (Whites). METHODS: Seven hundred ninety pregnant women (401 SA, 389 Whites) and their full-term offspring from two birth cohorts in Canada were analyzed. Pregnant women completed a health assessment including a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test to assess for dysglycemia. Birthweight, length, waist and hip circumference, and triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness (a surrogate measure of body adiposity) were measured in all newborns. Multivariate regression was used to identify maternal factors associated with newborn skinfold measurements. RESULTS: South Asian women were younger (30.1 vs 31.8 years, P<0.001), their prepregnancy body mass index was lower (23.7 vs 26.2, P<0.0001) and gestational diabetes was substantially higher (21% vs 13%, P=0.005) compared with Whites. Among full-term newborns, South Asians had lower birthweight (3283 vs 3517 g, P=0.0001), had greater skinfold thickness (11.7 vs 10.6 mm; P=0.0001) and higher waist circumference (31.1 vs 29.9 cm, P=0.0001) compared with Whites. Risk factors for newborn skinfold thickness included South Asian ethnicity (standardized estimate (s.e.): 0.24; P<0.0001), maternal glucose (s.e.: 0.079; P=0.04) and maternal body fat (s.e.: 0.14; P=0.0002). CONCLUSIONS: South Asian newborns are lower birthweight and have greater skinfold thickness, compared with White newborns, and this is influenced by maternal body fat and glucose. Interventions aimed at reducing body fat prior to pregnancy and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in South Asians may favorably alter newborn body composition and require evaluation.
Emerging functions and significance of circCDYL in human disorders.; Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a group of non-coding transcripts in which a loop structure is shaped via a back splicing procedure. They have central roles in the regulation of gene expression. hsa_circ_0008285, alternatively named as circCDYL, is a circular RNA originated from the exon 4 of CDYL gene. It is produced by a back-splice incident and is mainly located in the cytoplasm. It has no internal ribosome entry site, open reading frame and intronic sequences. CircCDYL dysregulation has been reported in the malignant conditions including multiple myeloma, mantle cell lymphoma, breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, Wilms tumor, bladder cancer, colon cancer, and hepatocellular carcinoma. It also has an emerging role in the pathophysiology of non-malignant conditions including myocardial infarction, gestational diabetes mellitus, membranous nephropathy, and abdominal aortic aneurysm. In the current study, we summarize the emerging roles of circCDYL in malignant and non-malignant conditions.
Effect of Iodine Nutrition on Pregnancy Outcomes in an Iodine-Sufficient Area in China.; Many studies focused on the association between thyroid disease and pregnancy outcomes. The present study explored the effect of iodine nutrition during the first trimester on pregnancy outcomes. One thousand five hundred sixty-nine pregnant, euthyroid women at ≤12 weeks of gestation in an iodine-sufficient area in China were recruited. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for iodine nutrition during pregnancy, participants were divided into four groups: adequate iodine (median urinary iodine concentration (UIC), 150-249 μg/L), mild deficiency (UIC, 100-150 μg/L), moderate and severe deficiency (UIC, <100 μg/L), and more than adequate and excessive (UIC, ≥250 μg/L) groups. Pregnancy outcomes, including abortion, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, placental abruption, preterm labor, low birth weight infants, macrosomia, breech presentation, and cord entanglement, were obtained during follow-up. The results showed that there was no significant difference in general characteristics, including age, body mass index, abdominal circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, smoking rate, and drinking rate, among the four groups. In the more than adequate and excessive group, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) was greater and free thyroxine (FT4) was lower than any other groups but still within normal range. The thyroglobulin (Tg) level was greater in the moderate and severe deficiency group. The incidence of GDM was significantly greater in women with mild iodine deficiency than in women with adequate iodine nutriture (18.38 vs. 13.70%, p < 0.05). Compared with the adequate group, incidence of macrosomia was significantly greater in the more than adequate and excessive group (12.42 vs. 9.79%, p < 0.05). Mild iodine deficiency was an independent risk factor for GDM (odds ratio = 1.566, 95% confidence interval = 1.060-2.313, p = 0.024); more than adequate and excessive iodine was an independent risk factor for macrosomia (OR = 1.917, CI = 1.128-3.256, p = 0.016). In summary, during 1st trimester, both mild iodine deficiency and excessive iodine intake had adverse impacts on pregnancy outcomes in an iodine-sufficient area.
Markers of insulin resistance in Polycystic ovary syndrome women: An update.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine disorders, affecting 5%-10% of women of reproductive age. The importance of this syndrome lies in the magnitude of associated comorbidities: infertility, metabolic dysfunction, cardiovascular disease (CVD), plus psychological and oncological complications. Insulin resistance (IR) is a prominent feature of PCOS with a prevalence of 35%-80%. Without adequate management, IR with compensatory hyperinsulinemia contributes directly to reproductive dysfunction in women with PCOS. Furthermore, epidemiological data shows compelling evidence that PCOS is associated with an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. In addition, metabolic dysfunction leads to a risk for CVD that increases with aging in women with PCOS. Indeed, the severity of IR in women with PCOS is associated with the amount of abdominal obesity, even in lean women with PCOS. Given these drastic implications, it is important to diagnose and treat insulin resistance as early as possible. Many markers have been proposed. However, quantitative assessment of IR in clinical practice remains a major challenge. The gold standard method for assessing insulin sensitivity is the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic glucose clamp. However, it is not used routinely because of the complexity of its procedure. Consequently, there has been an urgent need for surrogate markers of IR that are more applicable in large population-based epidemiological investigations. Despite this, many of them are either difficult to apply in routine clinical practice or useless for women with PCOS. Considering this difficulty, there is still a need for an accurate marker for easy, early detection and assessment of IR in women with PCOS. This review highlights markers of IR already used in women with PCOS, including new markers recently reported in literature, and it establishes a new classification for these markers.
Supplemental Berberine in a High-Fat Diet Reduces Adiposity and Cardiac Dysfunction in Offspring of Mouse Dams with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: There are few evidence-based strategies to attenuate the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid extracted from Chinese herbs and exhibits glucose lowering properties. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that dietary BBR would improve health outcomes in the mouse offspring of GDM dams. METHODS: Wild-type C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet (L-LF,10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose) or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet (GDM-HF, 45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose) for 6 wk prior to breeding with wild-type C57BL/6 male mice throughout pregnancy and the suckling period. The resulting Lean and GDM-exposed male and female offspring were randomly assigned an LF (10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose), HF (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose), or high-fat berberine (HFB) (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose diet) containing BBR (160 mg/kg/d, HFB) at weaning for 12 wk. The main outcome was to evaluate the effects of BBR on obesity, pancreatic islet function, and cardiac contractility in GDM-exposed HF-fed offspring. Significance between measurements was determined using a 2 (gestational exposure) × 3 (diet) factorial design by a 2- way ANOVA using Tukey post-hoc analysis. RESULTS: In the GDM-HF group, body weights were significantly increased (16%) compared with those in baseline (L-LF) animals (P < 0.05). Compared with the L-LF animals, the GDM-HF group had a reduction in pancreatic insulin glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (74%) and increased cardiac isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT; ∼150%) (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM-HF animals, the GDM-HFB group with the dietary addition of BBR had significantly reduced body weight (16%), increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from pancreatic islets (254%), and reduced systolic heart function (46% IVCT) (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In a mouse model of GDM, dietary BBR treatment provided protection from obesity and the development of pancreatic islet and cardiac dysfunction.
A holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are 12-fold more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) 4-6 years after delivery than women without GDM. Similarly, GDM is associated with the development of common mental disorders (CMDs) (e.g. anxiety and depression). Evidence shows that holistic lifestyle interventions focusing on physical activity (PA), dietary intake, sleep, and mental well-being strategies can prevent T2D and CMDs. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention (mHealth) with post-GDM women in preventing T2D and CMDs in a community setting in Singapore. METHODS: The study consists of a 1-year randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a 3-year follow-up period. Post-GDM women with no current diabetes diagnosis and not planning to become pregnant will be eligible for the study. In addition, participants will complete mental well-being questionnaires (e.g. depression, anxiety, sleep) and their child's socio-emotional and cognitive development. The participants will be randomised to either Group 1 (Intervention) or Group 2 (comparison). The intervention group will receive the "LVL UP App", a smartphone-based, conversational agent-delivered holistic lifestyle intervention focused on three pillars: Move More (PA), Eat Well (Diet), and Stress Less (mental wellbeing). The intervention consists of health literacy and psychoeducational coaching sessions, daily "Life Hacks" (healthy activity suggestions), slow-paced breathing exercises, a step tracker (including brisk steps), a low-burden food diary, and a journaling tool. Women from both groups will be provided with an Oura ring for tracking physical activity, sleep, and heart rate variability (a proxy for stress), and the "HAPPY App", a mHealth app which provides health promotion information about PA, diet, sleep, and mental wellbeing, as well as display body mass index, blood pressure, and results from the oral glucose tolerance tests. Short-term aggregate effects will be assessed at 26/27 weeks (midpoint) and a 1-year visit, followed by a 2, 3, and 4-year follow-up period. DISCUSSION: High rates of progression of T2D and CMDs in women with post-GDM suggest an urgent need to promote a healthy lifestyle, including diet, PA, sleep, and mental well-being. Preventive interventions through a holistic, healthy lifestyle may be the solution, considering the inextricable relationship between physical and psychological health. We expect that holistic lifestyle mHealth may effectively support behavioural changes among women with a history of GDM to prevent T2D and CMDs. TRIAL STATUS: The protocol study was approved by the National Healthcare Group in Singapore, Domain Specific Review Board (DSRB) [2023/00178]; June 2023. Recruitment began on October 18, 2023. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05949957. The first submission date is June 08, 2023.
Transgelin induces dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony-forming cells from gestational diabetic pregnancies.; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including hypertension and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through the functional impairment of vascular progenitor cells, including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Previously, we showed that fetal ECFCs exposed to GDM have decreased vasculogenic potential and altered gene expression. In this study, we evaluate whether transgelin (TAGLN), which is increased in GDM-exposed ECFCs, contributes to vasculogenic dysfunction. TAGLN is an actin-binding protein involved in the regulation of cytoskeletal rearrangement. We hypothesized that increased TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed fetal ECFCs decreases network formation by impairing cytoskeletal rearrangement resulting in reduced cell migration. To determine if TAGLN is required and/or sufficient to impair ECFC network formation, TAGLN was reduced and overexpressed in ECFCs from GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies, respectively. Decreasing TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed ECFCs improved network formation and stability as well as increased migration. In contrast, overexpressing TAGLN in ECFCs from uncomplicated pregnancies decreased network formation, network stability, migration, and alignment to laminar flow. Overall, these data suggest that increased TAGLN likely contributes to the vasculogenic dysfunction observed in GDM-exposed ECFCs, as it impairs ECFC migration, cell alignment, and network formation. Identifying the molecular mechanisms underlying fetal ECFC dysfunction following GDM exposure is key to ascertain mechanistically the basis for cardiovascular disease predisposition later in life.
Isolated neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurysm.; OBJECTIVE: A prospective study was performed to evaluate the incidence, clinical manifestations and outcome of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) in full-term neonates. BACKGROUND: Ductus arteriosus aneurysm has been considered to be a rare congenital lesion and a potentially fatal abnormality. METHODS: A total of 548 full-term neonates received echocardiographic screening. RESULTS: There were 48 (8.8%) patients (28 boys and 20 girls) with DAA detected by echocardiography. The maximal diameter of the DAA ranged from 6.5 to 11.2 mm (8.2 +/- 1.2 mm). All cases were asymptomatic. There were no significant differences in gender, gestational age, maternal age or Apgar score between the newborns with or without DAA. Newborns with DAA had a higher birth body weight, higher incidence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and more mothers with blood group A, compared with newborns without DAA (p < 0.05). Follow-up echocardiograms showed spontaneous closure of the ductus arteriosus in all patients except those without DAA. The DAA became progressively smaller after ductal closure in 33 patients (70.2%) and completely disappeared by 7 to 35 days of life. The other 14 patients (29.8%) with DAA had echocardiographic evidence of progressive formation of thrombi between the third and tenth day of life. The DAA and thrombi spontaneously disappeared in all patients by one month after birth. CONCLUSIONS: There is a higher incidence of DAA with a good outcome in our series compared with previous reports. We speculate that the presence of DAA may be a normal variant of the ductal bump and part of a normal process of spontaneous ductal closure in full-term neonates.
The Pregravid Vascular Risk Factor Profile of Low-Risk Women Who Develop Pregnancy Outcomes That Predict Future Cardiovascular Disease.; Background: Women with a history of certain adverse outcomes in pregnancy (preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational age [SGA] infant, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM]) have an elevated lifetime prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease, compared with their peers. However, it is not known if MetS precedes the index pregnancy in young, nulliparous women who experience these antepartum outcomes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between pregravid cardiovascular risk factor profile and these pregnancy outcomes in low-risk women. Methods: In this prospective preconception cohort study, 1183 newly married women underwent systematic assessment of cardiovascular risk factors (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, glucose) at median 24.7 weeks before pregnancy, whereupon they were followed for the outcomes of preterm birth, SGA delivery, preeclampsia, and GDM. Results: Women who had pregravid MetS (harmonized definition) (n = 49) were more likely to have a Caesarean delivery than their peers (61.4% vs. 38.6%, p = 0.003). However, they did not have a higher incidence of preterm delivery, SGA, preeclampsia, or GDM. Similarly, women who had at least one of these adverse pregnancy outcomes (n = 141) did not have a higher prevalence of MetS or any of its component disorders before pregnancy. Indeed, before pregnancy, there were no significant differences between these women and their peers in waist circumference, body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density-lipoprotein, or high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusions: The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is seen in women with a history of preterm birth, SGA, preeclampsia, or GDM does not necessarily manifest before their pregnancy.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women.; Appropriate screening and lifestyle modification are the foundations of effective cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in women. All adult women should undergo a cardiovascular risk assessment, including family history, smoking, diet, and exercise assessments, and measurement of fasting lipid profile, waist and hip dimensions, and blood pressure. Women should be advised of their 10-year estimated risk of developing a cardiovascular event using the Framingham risk calculator as recommended by the National Cholesterol Education Program. Based on the level of risk, women should receive counseling on dietary modification, physical activity, weight loss, and the need for pharmacologic intervention for blood pressure, lipid, and diabetes management. In addition, women who are overweight, have a history of gestational diabetes, or family history of diabetes should have a fasting glucose measured. Women who smoke should receive advice, encouragement, and assistance for smoking cessation. Postmenopausal hormone therapy should not be considered a treatment option for primary or secondary prevention of CVD. Women and their families should be advised of the possible signs of CVD and the need to seek immediate medical attention in the event of prolonged, new, or severe symptoms. Women with coronary artery disease especially need close attention to their risk factor levels and should receive intensive intervention to achieve optimal control.
Cardiovascular disease in women: challenge of the middle years.; Although heart disease remains the primary cause of death among women of all races and ethnic groups in the United States, many women are still unaware of these facts. Health care providers may also not be aware. Lack of awareness among providers may limit or delay the education and intervention to prevent future cardiovascular disease for women in their middle years. In addition, the metabolic syndrome may develop in these years of a woman's life because of today's lifestyle issues and the reported increases in obesity. The appearance of the metabolic syndrome already places a woman in a precarious position for the development of risk factors such as frank hypertension and diabetes. The metabolic syndrome presents an opportunity for providers to enhance surveillance and to educate their patients in the prevention of future events. Complications of pregnancy may also foreshadow the development of hypertension as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Some investigators consider pregnancy as an excursion into the metabolic syndrome and as a failed "stress test," if complications such as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia develop. The emergence of those complications may give a more recognized prediction of future cardiovascular events. All primary care providers, including obstetricians and gynecologists, need to be alert as to the follow-up of these women, and incorporate continued vigilance within the standard office visit including waist measurement, annual lipid measurement, glucose monitoring, blood pressure assessment, and intense education and referrals when needed.
Contribution of Insulin Resistance and β Cell Dysfunction to Gestational Diabetes Stratified for Pre-pregnant Body Mass Index.; The objective of the study was to evaluate the contribution of insulin resistance and β cell dysfunction to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese women stratified by pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI). A total of 847 pregnant women were enrolled. They were divided into low BMI and high BMI groups according to the median of pre-pregnancy BMI. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and β cell function (HOMA-β), Matsuda index, and 60-min insulinogenic index (IGI60) were used to evaluate insulin resistance and β cell function. In all the participants, 150 (17.71%) were diagnosed with GDM. ROC analyses showed that in the low BMI group, the association of β cell dysfunction (IGI60 or HOMA-β) with GDM was stronger than that of insulin resistance (Matsuda index or HOMA-IR), while in the high BMI group, the association of β cell dysfunction with GDM was weaker than that of insulin resistance (all P < 0.05). Among all GDM patients, 47.33% demonstrated predominant insulin resistance (Matsuda index < 25th percentile), and 46% had predominant β cell defect (IGI60 < 25th percentile). In the low BMI group, 15.09% of GDM patients demonstrated predominant insulin resistance, and 62.26% of GDM patients had predominant β cell defect, whereas in the high BMI group, 64.95% of GDM patients demonstrated mainly insulin resistance and 36.08% of GDM patients had mainly β cell defect. In women with low BMI, β cell dysfunction is the major etiologic factor, whereas, in women with high BMI, insulin resistance is the predominant etiologic factor in the development of GDM.
Special Considerations in the Management of Diabetes in Women.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes and prediabetes are heterogeneous diseases that directly affect over 115 million Americans. Considerable gender differences exist with regard to diabetes risk factors, hormonal effects on glucose, and cardiovascular outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Historically, diabetes studies have largely focused on men with the assumption that the data can safely be extrapolated to women. However, more recent investigations have illuminated significant differences between genders. RESULTS: Women are at higher risk of death from cardiovascular disease (CVD), are more likely to die following a myocardial infarction, and are treated less aggressively toward glycemic targets. Additionally, pregnancy and menopause have profound effects on the risks for diabetes and therefore warrant more aggressive diagnostic attention and monitoring. It is important for practitioners to understand that women who have gestational diabetes are at an increased risk for CVD even if they do not develop diabetes. Older age brings additional challenges with diabetes, including increased fracture risk even with normal bone mineral density. CONCLUSION: Recognizing the stages of life that are unique to women is critical as treatment and patient education can significantly impact patient well-being and outcomes. This article describes female-specific characteristics of prediabetes and diabetes during several distinct phases of life, including pregnancy, menopause, and older age. Diagnostic and management strategies for these populations are also discussed.
Global status and trends of metabolomics in diabetes: A literature visualization knowledge graph study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia, which has increased the global medical burden and is also the main cause of death in most countries. AIM: To understand the knowledge structure of global development status, research focus, and future trend of the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the past 20 years. METHODS: The articles about the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the Web of Science Core Collection were retrieved from 2002 to October 23, 2023, and the relevant information was analyzed using CiteSpace6.2.2R (CiteSpace), VOSviewer6.1.18 (VOSviewer), and Bibliometrix software under R language. RESULTS: A total of 3123 publications were included from 2002 to 2022. In the past two decades, the number of publications and citations in this field has continued to increase. The United States, China, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other relevant funds, institutions, and authors have significantly contributed to this field. Scientific Reports and PLoS One are the journals with the most publications and the most citations. Through keyword co-occurrence and cluster analysis, the closely related keywords are "insulin resistance", "risk", "obesity", "oxidative stress", "metabolomics", "metabolites" and "biomarkers". Keyword clustering included cardiovascular disease, gut microbiota, metabonomics, diabetic nephropathy, molecular docking, gestational diabetes mellitus, oxidative stress, and insulin resistance. Burst detection analysis of keyword depicted that "Gene", "microbiota", "validation", "kidney disease", "antioxidant activity", "untargeted metabolomics", "management", and "accumulation" are knowledge frontiers in recent years. CONCLUSION: The relationship between metabolomics and diabetes is receiving extensive attention. Diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease, and kidney disease are key diseases for future research in this field. Gut microbiota, molecular docking, and untargeted metabolomics are key research directions in the future. Antioxidant activity, gene, validation, mass spectrometry, management, and accumulation are at the forefront of knowledge frontiers in this field.
ATLANTIC-DIP: prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus by International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups criteria.; Women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) are a high-risk group for future development of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. The new International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria significantly increase the number of women diagnosed with GDM. The long-term metabolic outcome in these women is unknown. We set out to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, using adult treatment panel-III criteria; and insulin resistance, using HOMA2-IR, in white European women with previous GDM. Using a cohort design, we invited women meeting IADPSG GDM criteria across four Irish antenatal centres between 2007 and 2010 to participate. Two hundred and sixty-five women with previous values meeting IADPSG criteria for GDM participated (44 % of the population eligible for participation). Mean age was 36.7 years (SD 5.0). These women were compared with a randomly selected control group of 378 women (mean age 37.6 years, SD 5.1) known to have normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy during the same period. A total of 25.3 % of women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM met metabolic syndrome criteria, compared to 6.6 % of women with NGT [at 2.6 (SD 1.0) vs. 3.3 years (SD 0.7) post-partum]. The prevalence of HOMA2-IR >1.8 was higher in women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM (33.6 vs. 9.1 % with NGT, p < 0.001). Women with previous GDM by IADPSG criteria demonstrate a greater than threefold prevalence of metabolic syndrome compared to women with NGT in pregnancy. Efforts to prevent projected long-term consequences of this should focus on interventions both in the preconception and post-partum periods.
Dynamic left ventricular changes in patients with gestational diabetes: A speckle tracking echocardiography study.; PURPOSE: The left ventricle (LV) undergoes physiologic remodeling in adaptation to the hemodynamic changes that occur in pregnancy. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a novel and reliable tool to evaluate subtle myocardial alterations that have been utilized to assess myocardial changes in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) but not in patients with gestational DM (GDM). We seek to evaluate changes in LV function using STE in patients with GDM compared with women with normal pregnancy. METHODS: This was a single-center retrospective cohort study. A total of 312 pregnant patients that underwent transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) between 2009 and 2014 were screened. After excluding patients with comorbidities or insufficient data, 90 women were included. TTE from the second and third trimester for each patient were then reviewed, and STE analysis was performed. RESULTS: Of the 90 subjects, 72 had normal pregnancies and 18 developed GDM. There was no difference in LV end-diastolic diameter (4.73 ± 0.40 versus 4.60 ± 0.56, p = 0.25), LV end-systolic diameter (3.12 ± 0.35 versus 2.91 ± 0.61, p = 0.152), or ejection fraction (62.26 ± 4.12 versus 63.50 ± 5.24, p = 0.314) between the two groups. Global longitudinal strain was lower (-19.8 ± 3.34 versus -17.2 ± 2.18, p < 0.001) in patients with GDM, while time-to-peak strain was greater (0.43 ± 0.05 versus 0.50 ± 0.06, p < 0.001). Circumferential and radial strains were preserved in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Although conventional TTE variables show preserved LV size and function, LV longitudinal strain suggests subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with GDM. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Clin Ultrasound 45:20-27, 2017.
"Does periodontal therapy reduce the risk for systemic diseases?".; Periodontal disease is treated by various approaches, including simple oral hygiene practices, professional mechanical debridement, antimicrobial therapy and periodontal surgery. There is evidence to associate periodontal disease with several systemic diseases and conditions, including myocardial infarction, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory disease. This article reviews the published literature that describes the effects of periodontal treatment on cardiovascular diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory disease. While some progress has been made, further research is required to understand the value of periodontal interventions in the prevention of systemic diseases.
A comparison of obstetric and neonatal outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a retrospective analysis of a population database.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate potential differences in pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between 2 hyperandrogenic conditions in reproductive-aged women: polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). DESIGN: Retrospective population-based study with data from the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database from 2004-2014. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENT(S): A total of 14,881 women with PCOS and 298 women with CAH. INTERVENTION(S): Not applicable. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, pregnancy-induced hypertension (HTN), gestational HTN, preeclampsia, eclampsia, preeclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on HTN, preterm birth, preterm premature rupture of membrane, abruptio placenta, chorioamnionitis, mode of delivery, maternal infection, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism during pregnancy, intrapartum, or postpartum), maternal death, chorioamnionitis, septicemia during labor, postpartum endometritis, septic pelvic, peritonitis, small for gestational age, congenital anomalies, and intrauterine fetal demise. RESULT(S): After adjusting for potential confounders, we found that women with PCOS were at increased risk of developing pregnancy-induced HTN (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.76; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12-2.77) and gestational diabetes (adjusted OR = 1.68; 95% CI: 1.12-2.52) when compared with women with CAH. Contrary women with CAH were at increased risk for delivery via cesarean section (adjusted OR = 0.59; 95% CI: 0.44-0.80) and small for gestational age neonates (adjusted OR = 0.32; 95% CI: 0.20-0.52). CONCLUSION(S): To our knowledge, this study is the first to directly compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes between patients with PCOS and CAH. Despite the similar phenotypes and some common hormonal and biochemical profiles, such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperandrogenism, our results suggest the existence of additional metabolic pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of pregnancy complications.
Second-Trimester Constituents of the Metabolic Syndrome and Pregnancy Outcome: An Observational Cohort Study.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) shows identical associations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM, constituents of MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Of 2041 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 22 and 30 weeks of gestation, data were collected to evaluate the constituents of MetS. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated to determine the associations between MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Results: GDM and obesity did not affect the risk of fetal growth abnormalities (SGA/LGA), preterm birth or preeclampsia (PE). Hypertension significantly increased the risk of SGA (OR—1.59), PE (OR—3.14), and preterm birth <37 weeks (OR—2.17) and <34 weeks (OR—2.96) and reduced the occurrence of LGA (OR—0.46). Dyslipidemia increased the risk of PE (OR—2.25), while proteinuria increased the risk of PE (OR—12.64) and preterm birth (OR—4.72). Having ≥2 constituents increased the risk of PE and preterm birth. Conclusions: Constituents of metabolic syndrome, rather than treating impaired glucose handling, increased the risk of preeclampsia, altered fetal growth and preterm birth. Obesity was not related to adverse outcomes.
Association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: A retrospective cohort analysis in the UK Biobank.; AIM: To investigate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with premature mortality and cardiovascular (CVD) outcomes and risk factors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Parous women recruited to the UK Biobank cohort during 2006-2010 were followed up from their first delivery until 31 October 2021. The data were linked to Hospital Episode Statistics and mortality registries. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models investigated associations of GDM with all-cause mortality, CVD, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. RESULTS: The maximum total analysis time at risk and under observation was 9 694 090 person-years. Among 220 726 women, 1225 self-reported or had a recorded diagnosis of GDM. After adjusting for confounders and behavioural factors, GDM was associated with increased risk for premature mortality [hazard ratio (HR): 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.12-1.86], particularly CVD-related death (HR: 2.38, 95% CI: 1.63-3.48), as well as incident total CVD (HR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.30-1.74), non-fatal CVD (HR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.20-1.65), diabetes (HR: 14.37, 95% CI: 13.51-15.27), hypertension (HR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.38-1.60), and dyslipidaemia (HR: 1.30, 95% CI: 1.22-1.39). The total CVD risk was greater in women with GDM who did not later develop diabetes than in those with GDM and diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM are at increased risk of premature death and have increased CV risk, emphasizing the importance of interventions to prevent GDM. If GDM develops, the diagnosis represents an opportunity for future surveillance and intervention to reduce CVD risk factors, prevent CVD and improve long-term health.
Breastfeeding and diabetes.; The present review outlines the role of breastfeeding in diabetes. In the mother, breastfeeding has been suggested to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it appears to reduce the risk of premenopausal breast cancer and ovarian cancer. In the neonate and infant, among other benefits, lactation confers protection from future both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Whether lactation protects women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring from future T2DM remains to be answered. Importantly, for diabetic mothers, antidiabetic treatment itself may affect breastfeeding. There is not enough data to allow the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents. Therefore, insulin currently remains the optimal antidiabetic treatment during lactation. In conclusion, breastfeeding could be considered a modifiable risk factor for the development of diabetes and even a potential protective lifestyle measure from future cardio-metabolic and malignant diseases. Therefore, health care professionals should encourage both women with and without diabetes to breastfeed their children.
Practical weight management to minimize pregnancy complications and promote women's health: the possibility of interpregnancy care.; Pregnancy is an excellent opportunity to provide medical interventions to women. It is also a stress test used to predict health. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) are critical factors for pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large or small gestational age infants, and spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB). These complications are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), which is a leading cause of mortality in women. In addition, complications adversely affect the short- and long-term prognoses of children. Optimal GWG to reduce complications is recommended based on pre-pregnancy BMI; however, racial differences should also be noted. The values in the Japanese guidelines are lower than those in the American Institute of Medicine guidelines. The Asian BMI thresholds for CVD risk are also lower than those in Europe. Therefore, weight management should be based on racial/genetic background. Interpregnancy weight gain or loss has also been reported to be associated with the risk of pregnancy complications; however, few studies have been conducted in Asian populations. Our previous reports suggested that avoiding an excess of 0.6 kg/m(2)/year of annual BMI gain may reduce the risk of HDP or GDM, and insufficient gain of < 0.25 kg/m(2)/year may increase sPTB recurrence. Annual BMI is useful for practical weight control during interpregnancy. Based on these findings, effective approaches should be established to improve the health of women and their offspring.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on bone mineral density and fracture risk: Analysis of the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) population-based study.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy complication. This study aims to investigate the association between a history of GDM and bone mineral density (BMD), fractures, and falls in later life. STUDY DESIGN: We used data from the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) where BMD at calcaneum was measured at second health check (1997-2000) using broadband ultrasound attenuation (BUA) and velocity of sound (VOS) in 7,515 women. Fractures and falls were documented from hospital admissions data via linkage with ENCORE (East Norfolk Commission Record) and history of GDM from health questionnaires at baseline. We examined the relationship between GDM and BUA/VOS using linear regression. Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident fractures and falls, controlling for age, BMI, smoking status, physical activity, area deprivation, self-reported stroke, use of diuretics, calcium and vitamin D supplements, social class and education, statin and total blood cholesterol, prevalent diabetes, hormone therapy and menopausal status. RESULTS: History of GDM (n = 183) was not statistically significantly associated with BUA/VOS in fully adjusted linear regression models with unstandardised beta coefficients (standard error): -0.37 (1.40) and -5.41 (3.48). GDM was significantly (p < 0.05) associated with risk of hip and all fractures, fully adjusted HRs(95 %CI) 2.46(1.54-3.92) and 1.60(1.09-2.35), respectively. Median follow-up from first live birth to date of admission was 53 and 52 years, respectively. CONCLUSION: There was an association between history of GDM and risk of any fracture as well as hip fracture specifically. Further research is required to confirm this.
The effect of pregestational diabetes on fetal heart function.; Pregestational diabetes affects nearly 2% of all pregnancies. Moreover, Type 2 diabetes in child-bearing women is on the rise because of the childhood obesity epidemic. Pregestational diabetes can affect the fetal heart in several ways. First, the risk of fetal congenital heart disease is markedly increased; second, fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy may occur even with good glycemic control; third, studies have shown impaired function of the hearts of some infants and fetuses of diabetic pregnancies, which can occur with and without septal hypertrophy. Small-for-gestational-age infants of diabetic mothers may have diminished cardiovascular health in the long term. This review mainly discusses methods to detect fetal diabetic cardiomyopathy prenatally. The focus is on the noninvasive diagnostic markers that can serve as an outcome measure for future therapeutic trials, which are still lacking. There is some experimental research on treatment strategies to prevent fetal heart disease in diabetic pregnancies but little clinical data.
Developmental origins of pregnancy-induced cardiac changes: establishment of a novel model using the atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted mice.; Pregnancy evokes many challenges on the maternal cardiovascular system that may unmask predispositions for future disease. This is particularly evident for women who develop pregnancy-related disorders, for example, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes or hypertension. Such pregnancy-related syndromes increase the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) postpartum. As a result, pregnancy has been termed as a cardiovascular stress test and an indicator or marker to predict the development of CVD later in life. In addition, pregnancy-related disorders impact the development of offspring also placing them at a higher risk for disease. Utilizing pregnancy as a physiological stressor, the current investigation sought to determine whether the cardiovascular system of offspring exposed to gestational hypertension in utero would respond adversely to the stress of pregnancy. Heterozygous atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted (ANP(+/-)) offspring were generated by either crossing male wildtype ANP(+/+) with female knockout ANP(-/-) to produce ANP(+/-KO) mice or crossing female wildtype ANP(+/+) with male knockout ANP(-/-) to produce ANP(+/-WT) mice. To study the cardiovascular stress induced by pregnancy, female ANP(+/-WT) and ANP(+/-KO) mice were mated with male wildtype ANP(+/+) mice to initiate pregnancy. Cardiac size and molecular expression of the renin-angiotensin (RAS) and natriuretic peptide systems (NPS) were compared between offspring groups. Our data demonstrate that gestational hypertension and lack of maternal ANP did not significantly impact the progression and regression of pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy over gestation and postpartum in ANP(+/-) offspring. Additionally, the molecular cardiac expression of the RAS and NPS did not differ between offspring groups. Future investigation should assess potential differences in cardiac function and the impact of fetal-programming on offspring cardiovascular adaptations during pregnancy in more severe models of pregnancy-related hypertensive syndrome such as angiotensin II or isoproterenol infusion.
Down-regulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common and severe congenital defects. The incidence of fetal cardiac malformation is increased in the context of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, we wanted to determine whether abnormalities in the insulin signaling pathway are associated with the occurrence of nonsyndromic CHD (ns-CHD). METHODS: We used digital gene expression profiling (DGE) of right atrial myocardial tissue samples from eight ns-CHD patients and four controls. The genes potentially associated with CHD were validated by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR analysis of right atrial myocardial tissues from 37 patients and 10 controls and the H9C2 cell line. RESULTS: The results showed that the insulin signaling pathway, which is mediated by the SHC gene family, was inhibited in the ns-CHD patients. The expression levels of five genes (PTPRF, SHC4, MAP2K2, MKNK2, and ELK1) in the pathway were significantly down-regulated in the patients' atrial tissues (P<0.05 for all). In vitro, the H9C2 cells cultured in high glucose (33 mmol/l) expressed less SHC4, MAP2K2, and Elk-1 than those cultured in low glucose (25 mmol/l). Furthermore, the high glucose concentration down-regulated the 25 genes associated with blood vessel development based on Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analyses of RNA-seq data. CONCLUSION: We considered that changes in the insulin signaling pathway mediated by SHC might be involved in the heart development process. This mechanism might account for the increase in the incidence of fetal cardiac malformations in the context of GDM.
Effects of Telemetric Interventions on Maternal and Fetal or Neonatal Outcomes in Gestational Diabetes: Systematic Meta-Review.; BACKGROUND: In 2019, 1 of 6 births was affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) globally. GDM results in adverse maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes in the short and long term, such as pregnancy and birth complications, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In the context of "transgenerational programming," diabetes mellitus during pregnancy can contribute to "programming" errors and long-term consequences for the child. Therefore, early therapy strategies are required to improve the clinical management of GDM. The interest in digital therapy approaches, such as telemetry, has increased because they are promising, innovative, and sustainable. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the current evidence regarding the clinical effectiveness of telemetric interventions in the management of GDM, addressing maternal glycemic control, scheduled and unscheduled visits, satisfaction, diabetes self-efficacy, compliance, maternal complications in pregnancy and childbirth, as well as fetal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: Medline via PubMed, Web of Science Core Collection, Embase, Cochrane Library, and CINAHL databases were systematically searched from January 2008 to April 2020. We included randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, meta-analyses, and clinical trials in English and German. Study quality was assessed using "A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews" and "Effective Public Health Practice Project." RESULTS: Our search identified 1116 unique studies. Finally, we included 11 suitable studies (including a total of 563 patients and 2779 patient cases): 4 systematic reviews or meta-analyses (1 of high quality and 3 of moderate quality), 6 randomized controlled trials (2 of high quality and 4 of moderate quality), and 1 low-quality nonrandomized controlled trial. We classified 4 "asynchronous interventions" and 3 "asynchronous and real-time interventions." Our findings indicate that telemetric therapy clearly improves glycemic control and effectively reduces glycated hemoglobin A(1c) levels. Furthermore, in 1 study, telemetry proved to be a significant predictor for a better glycemic control (hazard ratio=1.71, 95% CI 1.11-2.65; P=.02), significantly fewer insulin titrations were required (P=.04), and glycemic control was achieved earlier. Telemetric therapy significantly reduced scheduled and unscheduled clinic visits effectively, and women were highly satisfied with the treatment (P<.05). From fetal and neonatal short-term outcomes, some improving tendencies in favor of telemetry were determined. No long-term outcomes were detected. CONCLUSIONS: Telemetric interventions clearly improved glycemic control, notably glycated hemoglobin A(1c) levels, and reduced scheduled and unscheduled clinic visits effectively, which reinforces this digital approach in the treatment of GDM.
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes With Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Postmenopausal Women.; IMPORTANCE: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) may have unique risk factors in women. Most women have a history of pregnancy; common adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) appear to be associated with ASCVD, but prior studies have limitations. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether APOs are associated with increased ASCVD risk independently of traditional risk factors. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The APO history among participants in the Women's Health Initiative, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women, was assessed. The associations of 5 self-reported APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight [ie, birth weight less than 2.49 kg], high birth weight [ie, birth weight greater than 4.08 kg], and preterm delivery by 3 weeks or more) with ASCVD were analyzed, adjusting for traditional ASCVD risk factors. Data were collected and analyzed in 2017. EXPOSURES: APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Adjudicated ASCVD. RESULTS: A total of 48 113 Women's Health Initiative participants responded to the survey; the median (interquartile range) age at time of enrollment was 60.0 (55.0-64.0) years. A total of 13 482 participants (28.8%) reported 1 or more APOs. Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease was more frequent in women who reported an APO compared with those without APOs (1028 of 13 482 [7.6%] vs 1758 of 30 522 [5.8%]). Each APO, analyzed separately, was significantly associated with ASCVD, and gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, and preterm delivery remained significant after adjustment for traditional ASCVD risk factors. When all APOs were analyzed together, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.15-1.40) and low birth weight (odds ratio, 1.12; 95% CI, 1.00-1.26) remained independently associated with ASCVD. All findings were materially unchanged by additional adjustment for parity, body mass index, and socioeconomic factors. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this large multiethnic cohort of women, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and low birth weight were independently associated with ASCVD after adjustment for risk factors and other APOs.
Pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: SWAN.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Reproductive factors are associated with later life CVD in women (e.g., age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), but studies have focused largely on premenopausal women. We examined the relationship of reproductive factors with subclinical CVD burden in late midlife women. METHODS: We included 964 parous women from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN), who completed a reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit (2011-2012), and a carotid ultrasound and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) assessment. The primary outcomes were carotid intima-media thickness, plaque, and baPWV; our secondary outcome was a composite subclinical CVD index created using these measures. Linear and logistic regression was performed to examine associations with individual subclinical CVD measures, and multinomial logistic regression was used in analyses of the composite index. Models adjusted for socio-demographics and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Mean age at subclinical CVD assessment was 60.2 years (SD ± 2.7). History of gestational hypertension/preeclampsia was associated with greater carotid IMT (β: 0.038, p = 0.004). Earlier age at first birth was associated with subclinical CVD, but not when accounting for CVD risk factors. History of gestational diabetes was associated with greater baPWV, but not related to our composite index. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy history is an important marker of subclinical CVD in late midlife and may impact the vasculature through distinct pathways. Future studies are necessary to evaluate racial/ethnic differences in the observed associations and to assess the benefit of a composite subclinical CVD index for earlier CVD risk modification in midlife women.
Pathologic ventricular hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study.; AIMS: Diabetes in pregnant women is increasing and with that the complications in their offspring. We studied our population of diabetic mothers (2003-2005) for pathologic ventricular hypertrophy (PVH). METHODS AND RESULTS: In our retrospective study of all 87 diabetic pregnancies (92 neonates), 16 were type 1, 17 were type 2, and 54 were gestational diabetes (GD). Haemoglobin glycated (HbA1c) median was 5.8% (5.3-6.5): 17 with HbA1c above normal 2 with congenital heart disease (CHD) and six with PVH. A total of 75 neonates were normal, five had CHD, and 12 had PVH (1/12 died post-natally, 1/12 stillborn, 2/12 required premature delivery, 8/12 normal). The 16 type 1 pregnancies resulted in three neonates with CHD and in 50% PVH, including one death, one premature Cesarean section because of PVH. The 17 neonates of type 2 pregnancies showed in one CHD and in 25% PVH. Of the 54 GD pregnancies, one had CHD and one had PVH. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies of both type 1 and 2 diabetes carry an increased risk for foetal development of PVH compared with those with GD. The insufficient effect of preventive glycaemia controls leads to conclude that although no definite predictive parameters for malignant outcome can be presented, close monitoring of these pregnancies may prevent perinatal catastrophes.
Circulating monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in women with gestational diabetes.; Monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1) has been implicated as a key factor in the recruitment and activation of peripheral blood leukocytes in atherosclerotic lesions and adipose tissue. Elevated levels of circulating MCP-1 have been found in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, as well as with coronary artery disease. In this study we compared serum MCP-1 concentrations between pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-pregnant healthy women. The group studied consisted of 62 patients with GDM (mean age 30.1 +/- 5.0 years) at 29.0 +/- 3.5 week of gestation, 64 pregnant women with NGT (mean age 30.0 +/- 4.7 years) at 29.2 +/- 2.9 week of gestation and 34 non-pregnant healthy women (mean age 29.8 +/- 4.7 years). Serum MCP-1 concentration was measured using an enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay. Median MCP-1 concentrations did not differ significantly between women with GDM (median 342.3 [interquartile range 267.9-424.4] pg/ml) and NGT (338.0 [274.7-408.2] pg/ml), but were markedly lower than those found in non-pregnant women (485.2 [409.6-642.4] pg/ml, p<0.0001). After adjusting for glucose, the difference between pregnant and non-pregnant women remained highly significant (p<0.0001). In GDM patients MCP-1 levels correlated significantly with fasting glucose (r=0.2665, p=0.0363), insulin (r=0.4330, p=0.0004), HOMA-IR (r=0.4402, p=0.0003), ISQUICKI (r=-0.4402, p=0.0003), HbA1c (r=0.2724, p=0.0322), as well as with prepregnancy and current BMI (r=0.3501, p=0.0057 and r=0.3250, p=0.0106, respectively). Multiple regression analysis revealed that MCP1 concentrations were significantly predicted only by plasma glucose ( beta=0.3489, p=0.00004). Our results suggest that MCP1 levels are decreased in pregnant women, irrespective of their glucose tolerance status.
Early Pregnancy Atherogenic Profile in a First Pregnancy and Hypertension Risk 2 to 7 Years After Delivery.; Background Cardiovascular risk in young adulthood is an important determinant of lifetime cardiovascular disease risk. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have increased cardiovascular risk, but the relationship of other factors is unknown. Methods and Results Among 4471 primiparous women, we related first-trimester atherogenic markers to risk of APO (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small for gestational age), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (130/80 mm Hg or antihypertensive use) 2 to 7 years after delivery. Women with an APO/GDM (n=1102) had more atherogenic characteristics (obesity [34.2 versus 19.5%], higher blood pressure [systolic blood pressure 112.2 versus 108.4, diastolic blood pressure 69.2 versus 66.6 mm Hg], glucose [5.0 versus 4.8 mmol/L], insulin [77.6 versus 60.1 pmol/L], triglycerides [1.4 versus 1.3 mmol/L], and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [5.6 versus 4.0 nmol/L], and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [1.8 versus 1.9 mmol/L]; P<0.05) than women without an APO/GDM. They were also more likely to develop hypertension after delivery (32.8% versus 18.1%, P<0.05). Accounting for confounders and factors routinely assessed antepartum, higher glucose (relative risk [RR] 1.03 [95% CI, 1.00-1.06] per 0.6 mmol/L), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (RR, 1.06 [95% CI, 1.02-1.11] per 2-fold higher), and triglycerides (RR, 1.27 [95% CI, 1.14-1.41] per 2-fold higher) were associated with later hypertension. Higher physical activity was protective (RR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.87-0.99] per 3 h/week). When evaluated as latent profiles, the nonobese group with higher lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin values (6.9% of the cohort) had increased risk of an APO/GDM and later hypertension. Among these factors, 7% to 15% of excess RR was related to APO/GDM. Conclusions Individual and combined first-trimester atherogenic characteristics are associated with APO/GDM occurrence and hypertension 2 to 7 years later. Registration URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT02231398.
Prospective longitudinal assessment of the fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index.; INTRODUCTION: The fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-myocardial performance index (MPI)) is a measure of systolic versus diastolic time intervals obtained from a single cardiac cycle with ultrasound. It is a measure of global ventricular function and has been investigated for potential utility in fetal conditions associated with cardiac dysfunction. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to compare values from a precisely replicated fetal left Mod-MPI technique to published reference ranges. METHODS: Three hundred and sixty-five nulliparae prospectively underwent fetal left Mod-MPI measurement at 27(+0)-29(+0) and 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' gestation. Measurements from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, or a small-for-gestational-age (<10th centile) infant were excluded. Mod-MPI values were compared with three published references created using similar measurement techniques. RESULTS: Compared with one selected reference, at 29(+0) and 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' gestation, 90-100% of our values fell within the 5th-95th percentile range as expected. Thus, this reference range was validated for our population in late pregnancy. However, the expected level of concordance was not seen at 27(+0)-28(+6) weeks'. The other two references to which we compared our Mod-MPI values demonstrated poor concordance, especially at 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks'. Pearson interobserver correlation was also improved at 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' at 0.434, compared with 0.083 at 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks' gestation. CONCLUSIONS: Concordance and interobserver variability between our cohort and similar populations were both improved at 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' compared with 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks' gestation. Overall, variable Mod-MPI reproducibility across gestations limits clinical application, especially earlier in pregnancy. Manual Mod-MPI measurement should be considered most reliable in late pregnancy until automated MPI measurement is possible.
Determinants of childbearing intentions among pregnant women with a suspected fetal congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: The Saudi population is characterized by a high fertility rate, a conservative sociocultural context, and an ongoing societal and lifestyle transition. Yet, data regarding childbearing intentions and the associated factors is scarce. Furthermore, childbearing intention may be impacted by abnormal pregnancy events, such as the clinical suspicion or diagnosis of a fetal congenital disease and the negative experience that may result from it. OBJECTIVES: The present study explored childbearing intention and determined the sociodemographic and health-related factors discouraging from future pregnancies among women visiting the cardiology clinic for antenatal screening of congenital heart diseases (CHD). METHODS: A one-year cross-sectional study involved 150 consecutive pregnant women aged between 18 and 47 years old, who presented for antenatal screening of CHD at the fetal echocardiography clinic for, of a teaching hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. An interview-based questionnaire was administered before the clinic visit and collected sociodemographic data, obstetrical history, risk factors of congenital diseases, mothers' knowledge about fetal echocardiography and CHDs, and childbearing intention (the primary outcome). RESULTS: Fetal echocardiography and CHD were correctly described by 60 % and 31.3 % of the participants respectively, while 40.7 % and 12 % recognized the association of congenital diseases with consanguinity and advanced maternal age respectively. Childbearing intentions showed 68.0 % of the participants declared desiring a future baby while the remaining 32.0 % declared having no further pregnancy expectations. Attitudes towards a hypothetical baby with CHD were positive in 97.3 % of the participants, and only 30 % declared that the fetal echocardiography results will impact their future childbearing decision. However, childbearing intention showed no significant association with knowledge or attitudes towards CHD. On the other hand, childbearing intention was independently associated with the number of children (OR=0.34; p<0.001), consanguinity with husband (OR=3.64; p = 0.010), and history of gestational diabetes (OR=0.28; p = 0.040). CONCLUSION: Fertility expectations among Saudi mothers are more likely to be impacted by the personal experience and judgment of own pregnancy fitness, while no significant impact of fetal risks and events. This demonstrates a certain level of autonomy balanced with deeply rooted religious ethics yet combined with a lack of awareness about fetal and maternal risks associated with advanced maternal age and consanguinity. We emphasize the unmet need of education and family planning.
Heart rate variability categories of fluctuation amplitude and complexity: diagnostic markers of fetal development and its disturbances.; OBJECTIVE: In fetal diagnosis the myriad and diversity of heart rate variability (HRV) indices prevents a comparable routine evaluation of disturbances in fetal development and well-being. The work aims at the extraction of a small set of HRV key indices that could help to establish a universal, overarching tool to screen for any disturbance. APPROACH: HRV indices were organized in categories of short-term (prefix s) and long-term (prefix l) amplitude fluctuations (AMP), complexity (COMP), and patterns (PATTERN) and common representatives for each category were extracted. This procedure was done with respect to the diagnostic value in the evaluation of the maturation age throughout the second and complete third trimester of pregnancy as well as to potential differences associated with maternal life-style factors (physical exercise, smoking), nutrient intervention (docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation), and complications of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR)). MAIN RESULTS: We found a comprehensive minimal set that includes [lAMP: short term variation (STV), initially introduced in cardiotocography, sAMP: heart rate increase across one interbeat interval of phase rectified averaged signal - acceleration capacity (ACst1), lCOMP: scale 4 multi-scale entropy (MSE4), PATTERN: skewness] for the maturation age prediction, and partly overlapping [lAMP: STV, sAMP: ACst1, sCOMP: Lempel Ziv complexity (LZC)] for the discrimination of the deviations. SIGNIFICANCE: The minimal set of category-based HRV representatives allows for a screening of fetal development and well-being. These results are an important step towards a universal and comparable diagnostic tool for the early identification of developmental disturbances. Novelty & Significance Fetal development and its disturbances have been reported to be associated with a multiplicity of HRV indices. Furthermore, these HRV indices change with maturation. We propose the abstraction of HRV categories defined by short- and long-term fluctuation amplitude, complexity, and pattern indices that cover all relevant aspects of maturational age, behavioral influences and a series of pathological disturbances. The study data are provided by multiple centers. Our approach is an important step towards the goal of a standardized diagnostic tool for early identification of fetal developmental disturbances with respect to the reduction of serious complications in the later life.
Randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the BEFORE THE BEGINNING trial.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18-39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate-based app and corresponds to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time-restricted eating (≤ 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6-8 weeks post partum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the 'intention to treat' principle using linear mixed models. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Clinical trial gov NCT04585581.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. METHODS: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. RESULTS: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25-2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53-2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31-2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. CONCLUSION: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case-control study.; PURPOSE: The aim of the study is to compare maternal hemodynamic adaptations in gestational diabetes (GDM) versus healthy pregnancies. METHODS: A prospective case-control study was conducted, comparing 69 singleton pregnancies with GDM and 128 controls, recruited between September 2018 and April 2019 in Maternal-Fetal Medicine Unit, Careggi University Hospital, Florence, Italy. Hemodynamic assessment by UltraSonic Cardiac Output Monitor (USCOM) was performed in both groups in four gestational age intervals: 17-20 weeks (only in early GDM cases), 26-30 weeks, 32-35 weeks and 36-39 weeks. We evaluated six hemodynamic parameters comparing GDM cases versus controls: cardiac output (CO), cardiac index (CI), stroke volume (SV), total vascular resistance (TVR), inotropy index (INO) and potential to kinetic energy ratio (PKR). RESULTS: GDM group had significantly lower values of CO and SV than controls from the early third trimester (26-30 weeks) until term (p < 0.001). CI is significantly lower in GDM women already at the first evaluation (p = 0.002), whereas TVR and PKR were significantly higher in GDM (p < 0.001). GDM women showed also lower INO values than controls in all assessments. CONCLUSIONS: A hemodynamic maternal maladaptation to pregnancy can be detected in GDM women. The effect of hyperglycemia on vascular system or a poor pre-pregnancy cardiovascular (CV) reserve could explain this hemodynamic maladaptation. The abnormal CV response to pregnancy in GDM women may reveal a predisposition to develop CV disease later in life and might help in identifying patients who need a CV follow-up.
Women-specific risk factors for heart failure: A genetic approach.; Heart failure is a complex disease, which is presented differently by men and women. Several studies have shown that reproductive factors, such as age at natural menopause, parity and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), may play a role in the development of heart failure. Shared genetics may provide clues to underlying mechanisms; however, this has never been examined. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to explore whether any reproductive factor is potentially related to heart failure in women, based on genetic similarities. Conducting a systematic literature review, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with reproductive factors, heart failure and its risk factors were extracted from recent genome-wide association studies. We tested whether there was any overlap between the SNPs and their proxies of reproductive risk factors with those known for heart failure or its risk factors. In total, 520 genetic variants were found that are associated with reproductive factors, namely age at menarche, age at natural menopause, menstrual cycle length, PCOS, preeclampsia, preterm delivery and spontaneous dizygotic twinning. For heart failure and associated phenotypes, 25 variants were found. Genetic variants for reproductive factors did not overlap with those for heart failure. However, age at menarche, gestational diabetes and PCOS were found to be genetically linked to risk factors for heart failure, such as atrial fibrillation, diabetes and smoking. Corresponding implicated genes, such as TNNI3K, ErbB3, MKL2, MTNR1B and PRKD1, may explain the associations between reproductive factors and heart failure. Exact effector mechanisms of these genes remain to be investigated further.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index combined with peripheral blood PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA in a risk prediction model for pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: This study analyzes the levels of peripheral blood placental growth factor (PLGF), body mass index (BMI), decorin (DCN), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), uric acid (UA), and clinical indicators of patients with preeclampsia (PE), and establishes a predictive risk model of PE, which can provide a reference for early and effective prediction of PE. METHODS: 81 cases of pregnant women with PE who had regular prenatal checkups and delivered in Jinshan Branch of Shanghai Sixth People's Hospital from June 2020 to December 2022 were analyzed, and 92 pregnant women with normal pregnancies who had their antenatal checkups and delivered at the hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. Clinical data and peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA were recorded, and the two groups were subjected to univariate screening and multifactorial logistic regression analysis. Based on the screening results, the diagnostic efficacy of PE was evaluated using the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Risk prediction nomogram model was constructed using R language. The Bootstrap method (self-sampling method) was used to validate and produce calibration plots; the decision curve analysis (DCA) was used to assess the clinical benefit rate of the model. RESULTS: There were statistically significant differences in age, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, history of PE or family history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and history of renal disease between the two groups (P < 0.05). The results of multifactorial binary logistic stepwise regression revealed that peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA, and pre-pregnancy BMI were independent influences on the occurrence of PE (P < 0.05). The area under the curve of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA levels and pre-pregnancy BMI in the detection of PE was 0.952, with a sensitivity of 0.901 and a specificity of 0.913, which is better than a single clinical diagnostic indicator. The results of multifactor analysis were constructed as a nomogram model, and the mean absolute error of the calibration curve of the modeling set was 0.023, suggesting that the predictive probability of the model was generally compatible with the actual value. DCA showed the predictive model had a high net benefit in the range of 5% to 85%, suggesting that the model has clinical utility value. CONCLUSION: The occurrence of PE is related to the peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA and pre-pregnancy BMI, and the combination of these indexes has a better clinical diagnostic value than a single index. The nomogram model constructed by using the above indicators can be used for the prediction of PE and has high predictive efficacy.
Deacetylation of Caveolin-1 by Sirt6 induces autophagy and retards high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis and atherosclerosis formation.; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis (AS) is the basis of diabetic macrovascular complications. The plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles transcytosis across endothelial cells (ECs) and deposition under the endothelium is the initiation step of AS. We previously reported that high glucose inhibits the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 and promote LDL transcytosis across ECs, which in turn accelerates atherosclerotic progression. Since Sirt6 is a chromatin-associated protein with deacetylation activity, whether it can regulate Caveolin-1 acetylation and regulating the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 remains elusive. METHODS: Autophagy and histone acetylation were assessed in the umbilical cords of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by immunohistochemistry. An in vitro model of LDL transcytosis was established, and the role of Sirt6 in LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells was clarified. The effect of Sirt6 on the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 under hyperglycemic conditions was explored in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic AS model established using the ApoE(-/-) mice. RESULTS: Caveolin-1 and acetylated histone H3 levels were significantly increased, while LC3B and Sirt6 were downregulated in the monolayer of the vascular wall from GDM and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Immunoprecipitation assays showed that Sirt6 interacts with Caveolin-1 and specifically mediated its acetylation levels. Immuno-electron microscopy (EM) further indicated that Sirt6 overexpression triggered the autophagic lysosomal degradation of Caveolin-1. ECs-specific overexpression of Sirt6 by adeno-associated viral vector serotype 9 (AAV9) induced autophagy, reduced Caveolin-1 expression, and ameliorated atherosclerotic plaque formation in STZ-induced diabetic ApoE(-/-) mice. CONCLUSION: Sirt6-mediated acetylation of Caveolin-1 activates its autophagic degradation and inhibits high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis. Thus, the Sirt6/Caveolin-1 autophagic pathway plays a crucial role in diabetic AS, and the overexpression or activation of Sirt6 is a novel therapeutic strategy.
Canadian stroke best practice consensus statement: Secondary stroke prevention during pregnancy.; The Canadian Stroke Best Practice Consensus Statement: Secondary Stroke Prevention during Pregnancy, is the first of a two-part series devoted to stroke in pregnancy. This document focuses on unique aspects of secondary stroke prevention in a woman with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack who is, or is planning to become, pregnant. Although stroke is relatively rare in this cohort, several aspects of pregnancy can increase stroke risk during or immediately after pregnancy. The rationale for the development of this consensus statement is based on the premise that stroke in this group requires a specifically-tailored management approach. No other broad-based, stroke-specific guidelines or consensus statements exist currently. Underpinning the development of this document was the concept that maternal health is vital for fetal wellbeing; therefore, management decisions should be based on the confluence of two clinical considerations: (a) decisions that would be made if the patient was not pregnant and (b) decisions that would be made if the patient had not had a stroke. While empirical research in this area is limited, this consensus document is based on the best available literature and guided by expert consensus. Issues addressed in this document include general management considerations for secondary stroke prevention, the use of antithrombotics, blood pressure management, lipid management, diabetes care, and management for specific ischemic stroke etiologies in pregnancy. The focus is on maternal and fetal health while minimizing risks of a recurrent stroke, through counseling, monitoring, and the safety of select pharmacotherapy. These statements are appropriate for health care professionals across all disciplines.
[International recommandations on physical exercise for pregnant women].; Benefits of physical exercise on the physical and psychological health lead to specifics guidelines during pregnancy. For pregnant women, to take part in aerobics exercise (walking, biking) (i.e. 30 minutes, three times per week at 60-90% of the maximal heart rate) and strength training (i.e. one to two times per week) is recommended. Physical exercise programs during pregnancy have shown benefits for preventing and treating complications pregnancy (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, overweight). Benefits of exercise and risks associated with sedentary should be widely diffused among pregnant women and prenatal caregivers.
Incidence and risk patterns of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium--a register-based case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to estimate the incidence of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium and to identify risk factors for pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism. STUDY DESIGN: A register-based case-control study with 613,232 pregnancies from 1990-2003 in 11 Norwegian counties. Medical records for eligible cases were revisited and relevant medical data were transferred to a specific case-report form. The diagnosis of venous thromboembolism was based on strict criteria. Data were analyzed by chi2 test and forward stepwise logistic regression. RESULTS: In total, 615 cases were detected. The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 1 per 1000 pregnancies. The ante- and postnatal incidences were quite similar. Antenatal risk factors were assisted reproduction, gestational diabetes, age older than 35 years, multiple pregnancies, and primi-parity. Postnatal risk factors were cesarean section, preeclampsia, assisted reproduction, abruptio placenta, and placenta previa. CONCLUSION: We found different ante- and postnatal risk patterns. Assisted reproduction and gestational diabetes were significant antenatal risk factors; whereas cesarean section and preeclampsia were strong postnatal risk factors.
Cardiovascular Risk Screening and Pregnancy Complications: A Comparison of Two Canadian Maternal Health Clinic Populations.; OBJECTIVE: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk indicators between women who attended 2 different postpartum screening and education clinics: 1 at an urban tertiary care centre and 1 at a northern, rural community hospital. Risk differences associated with ethnicity were also examined. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective record review that compared data from an urban clinic in Kingston, Ontario (n = 675) with those from a rural clinic in Prince Rupert, British Columbia (n = 65). Patients who had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth, or placental abruption attended the clinics at 6 months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate cardiovascular risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These estimates were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. RESULTS: Fifty-five percent of the Prince Rupert cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the Kingston cohort were White (P < 0.001). A greater proportion of the Kingston cohort had experienced hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (P = 0.002), while a greater proportion of the Prince Rupert cohort had developed gestational diabetes (P=0.010). The Prince Rupert population had higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular disease risk scores (P = 0.008 and P = 0.005, respectively). Indigenous patients had more major cardiovascular risk factors as well as higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular risk scores (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively) than White and Asian patients. CONCLUSION: The increased cardiovascular disease risk in both rural and Indigenous women supports the need for better postpartum care, long-term follow-up, and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations.
Cardiovascular disease screening.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. Cardiovascular risk assessment and primary prevention are important strategies to improve morbidity and mortality. In additional to the traditional risk factors, pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increment future risk of developing cardiovascular complications. Additionally, several serum biomarkers are valuable measures for both risk assessment and predictors of clinical outcomes in women. The purpose of this review is to describe current risk stratification schemes as well as outline the role of obstetric history and serum biomarkers in adjusting risk stratification in women.
Obesity in pregnancy: a big problem and getting bigger.; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, and postterm pregnancy. In this review, we discuss the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes as well as the recommendations for care of the obese gravida. TARGET AUDIENCE: Obstetricians and gynecologists and family physicians. LEARNING OBJECTIVES: After completing the CME activity, physicians should be better able to describe the maternal, neonatal, and intrapartum complications associated with obesity in pregnancy and implement additional changes to prenatal care appropriate for the obese gravida.
Association Between Changes in Postpartum Weight and Waist Circumference and Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 30% to 70% risk for developing type 2 diabetes and are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about how anthropometric changes in the first postpartum year modify cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: We randomly assigned women in the Balance After Baby study to an intervention group consisting of participation in a web-based lifestyle program or to a control group in which no program was offered. We measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, insulin, adiponectin, interleukin-6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and we conducted 2-hour oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. We evaluated whether women assigned to the intervention had improved cardiometabolic risk markers compared with the control group. We then conducted a post-hoc analysis, pooling the 2 groups to compare changes in weight and waist circumference with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS: Women in the intervention group did not significantly improve cardiometabolic risk markers compared with women in the control group. We noted a large overlap of weight change and change in waist circumference between groups. In our post-hoc analysis pooling groups, changes in diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were significantly correlated with changes in weight and waist circumference. The strongest associations were observed for fasting insulin, HOMA, and fasting glucose. CONCLUSION: Anthropometric changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent GDM may affect cardiometabolic risk factors, even in the first postpartum year. Our study demonstrates the importance of the postpartum year as an opportunity to decrease future risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with a history of GDM.
Postpartum Readmissions Among Women With Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether women with diabetes are at risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions and associated complications. METHODS: The Nationwide Readmissions Database from 2010 to 2014 was analyzed to determine risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions among women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), type 2 DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and unspecified DM compared with women with no diabetes. Secondary outcomes included evaluating risk for overall severe maternal morbidity during readmissions, as well as wound complications, acute diabetic complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis, venous thromboembolism, and hypertensive diseases of pregnancy. Billing data were used to ascertain both exposures and outcomes. Adjusted log-linear regression models including demographic, hospital, medical and obstetric, and hospital factors were performed with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and with 95% Cis as measures of association. RESULTS: Of an estimated 15.7 million delivery hospitalizations, 1.1 million occurred among women with diabetes, of whom 3.2% had type 1 DM, 9.1% type 2 DM, 86.6% GDM, and 1.1% unspecified diabetes. Compared with women without diabetes (1.5% risk for readmission), risk for readmission was significantly higher for women with type 1 DM (4.4%), unspecified diabetes (4.0%), type 2 DM (3.9%), and GDM (2.0%) (P<.01). After adjusting for hospital, demographic, medical, and obstetric risk factors, type 1 DM (aRR 1.77, 95% CI 1.69-1.87), type 2 DM (aRR 1.46, 95% CI 1.42-1.51), unspecified (aRR 1.73, 95% CI 1.59-1.89) and gestational diabetes (aRR 1.16, 95% CI 1.14-1.17) retained increased risk. Among women with diabetes public insurance, lower ZIP code income quartiles, and hospitals with high safety net burdens were associated with higher risk for readmission. In both unadjusted and adjusted analyses, all diabetes diagnoses were associated with readmissions for wound complications, hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, and severe maternal morbidity. CONCLUSION: Although overall risk for readmission is low, pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes in particular are at increased risk. Women in this high-risk group should receive coordinated care and be monitored closely in the postpartum period.
Gestational Diabetes Alters Functions in Offspring's Umbilical Cord Cells With Implications for Cardiovascular Health.; Because noncommunicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus have their roots in prenatal development and conditions such as maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to test this hypothesis in primary cells derived from the offspring of mothers with GDM compared with control subjects. We have assessed primary umbilical cord-derived cells such as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and Wharton's jelly-derived mesenchymal stem cells from the offspring of mothers with and without GDM. We have compared the primary isolates in cell-based assays measuring proliferation, mitochondrial oxygen consumption, and the ability to support blood vessel growth. We conducted gene expression microarray studies with subsequent pathway analysis and candidate gene validation. We observed striking differences between the two groups, such as lower metabolic rates and impairment of endothelial tube formation in cells with GDM background. HUVECs from subjects with maternal GDM have lower expression of the antiapoptotic protein BCL-xL, suggesting compromised angiogenic capabilities. Comparative gene expression analysis revealed blood vessel formation as a major pathway enriched in the GDM-derived HUVECs with the surface marker CD44 as a gene underexpressed in the GDM group. Functional validation of CD44 revealed that it regulates tube formation in HUVECs, thereby providing insights into a pathway imprinted in primary umbilical cord-derived cells from GDM offspring. Our data demonstrate that primary cells isolated from the umbilical cord of offspring born to mothers with GDM maintain metabolic and molecular imprints of maternal hyperglycemia, reflecting an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life.
C-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher insulin resistance and/or reduced secretion, an increased risk of future diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which may be due to a pathological activation of the innate immune system. C-reactive protein (CRP) is induced by inflammatory cytokines and reflects innate immune activity. We investigated the prospective associations between CRP during the perinatal period with adverse metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with previous GDM. METHODS: We analyzed data from the MySweetheart trial that included 211 women with GDM at 28-32 weeks gestational age (GA). CRP was measured during  pregnancy at 28-32 weeks GA, at 6-8 weeks and at 1 year postpartum. Metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum included weight, total and central body fat, measures of insulin resistance and secretion and presence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to measure glucose and insulin values every 30 min over 2 h to calculate indices of insulin resistance (MATSUDA, HOMA-IR) and of absolute (AUC(ins/glu), HOMA-B) and insulin resistance-adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2). RESULTS: CRP during pregnancy and at 6-8 weeks postpartum predicted increased weight, body fat and visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin resistance (higher HOMA-IR, lower MATSUDA), absolute insulin secretion (HOMA-B, AUC(ins/glu)), a reduced adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2) and a higher prevalence of the MetS at 1 year postpartum (all p ≤ 0.036). These relationships particularly those concerning CRP during pregnancy, were independent of weight ( for VAT, insulin resistance and secretion indices, MetS; all p ≤ 0.032) and of body fat ( for VAT, MATSUDA, MetS; all p ≤ 0.038).  CONCLUSION: CRP during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicted an adverse cardio-metabolic profile in women with prior GDM at 1 year postpartum independent of weight. The prospective association of CRP with increased insulin resistance and reduced adjusted insulin secretion hint to the role of inflammation in the development of impaired metabolism after GDM and could be used as an early marker for risk stratification.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Predicted 30-Year Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease 2-7 Years After Delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with a higher predicted 30-year risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD; ie, coronary artery disease or stroke). METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of the prospective Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study-Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study longitudinal cohort. The exposures were adverse pregnancy outcomes during the first pregnancy (ie, gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, preterm birth, and small- and large-for-gestational-age [SGA, LGA] birth weight) modeled individually and secondarily as the cumulative number of adverse pregnancy outcomes (ie, none, one, two or more). The outcome was the 30-year risk of atherosclerotic CVD predicted with the Framingham Risk Score assessed at 2-7 years after delivery. Risk was measured both continuously in increments of 1% and categorically, with high predicted risk defined as a predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD of 10% or more. Linear regression and modified Poisson models were adjusted for baseline covariates. RESULTS: Among 4,273 individuals who were assessed at a median of 3.1 years after delivery (interquartile range 2.5-3.7), the median predicted 30-year atherosclerotic CVD risk was 2.2% (interquartile range 1.4-3.4), and 1.8% had high predicted risk. Individuals with GDM (least mean square 5.93 vs 4.19, adjusted β=1.45, 95% CI, 1.14-1.75), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.95 vs 4.22, adjusted β=0.49, 95% CI, 0.31-0.68), and preterm birth (4.81 vs 4.27, adjusted β=0.47, 95% CI, 0.24-0.70) were more likely to have a higher absolute risk of atherosclerotic CVD. Similarly, individuals with GDM (8.7% vs 1.4%, adjusted risk ratio [RR] 2.02, 95% CI, 1.14-3.59), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.4% vs 1.4%, adjusted RR 1.91, 95% CI, 1.17-3.13), and preterm birth (5.0% vs 1.5%, adjusted RR 2.26, 95% CI, 1.30-3.93) were more likely to have a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD. A greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes within the first birth was associated with progressively greater risks, including per 1% atherosclerotic CVD risk (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 4.86 vs 4.09, adjusted β=0.59, 95% CI, 0.43-0.75; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 5.51 vs 4.09, adjusted β=1.16, 95% CI, 0.82-1.50), and a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 3.8% vs 1.0%, adjusted RR 2.33, 95% CI, 1.40-3.88; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 8.7 vs 1.0%, RR 3.43, 95% CI, 1.74-6.74). Small and large for gestational age were not consistently associated with a higher atherosclerotic CVD risk. CONCLUSION: Individuals who experienced adverse pregnancy outcomes in their first birth were more likely to have a higher predicted 30-year risk of CVD measured at 2-7 years after delivery. The magnitude of risk was higher with a greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes experienced.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease. Critical evaluation of a twelve-month experience.; INTRODUCTION: A retrospective study of fetal echocardiographies performed in the Ultrasound Unit of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology between January and December 1998 was carried out. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We performed 271 fetal echocardiographies (236 fetuses; 230 pregnant women). A triplex ultrasound machine was used with a 5 or 3.5 MHz transabdominal probe. RESULTS: The median maternal age was 31 years (17-44) and the median gestational age at the time of the first examination was 27 weeks (15-38). A hundred and thirty-two pregnant women (57.4%) were internal referrals and (98) 42.6% were referred by other hospitals. The most common indications for referral were maternal age > or = 35 years old (n = 48), gestational diabetes (n = 38), family history of congenital heart disease (n = 24) and insulin-dependent diabetes (n = 23). Accuracy of 32 echocardiographies was limited by technical difficulties. Out of 236 fetuses, 205 (86.9%) presented a normal scan, whereas 31 (13.1%) showed some abnormality: 22 structural cardiac defects; 5 rhythm anomalies and one with a mixed abnormality. In three cases a pericardial effusion was detected in the absence of any structural or rhythm anomaly and regressed spontaneously after birth. Three fetuses were referred prenatally for treatment to another center. Eight out of fifteen patients followed in the Pediatric Cardiology outpatient clinic were submitted to surgical treatment. In four cases the parents opted for termination of pregnancy and two neonatal deaths occurred. Four patients were lost for follow-up. DISCUSSION: Our study suggests that strict criteria for a referral of pregnant women to specialized fetal echocardiography are still missing. The median gestational age of 27 weeks at the time of the first examination was clearly out of the generally accepted recommended period (18-24 weeks). It is time to improve the collaboration between the different health professionals involved in the care of pregnant women in order to increase the sensitivity of screening for congenital heart disease.
A simple scoring method using cardiometabolic risk measurements in pregnancy to determine 10-year risk of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine if clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy predicts type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk at 10 years in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A prospective case-control study in 150 GDM and 72 overweight women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) measured cardiometabolic risk factors (body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), fasting glucose, insulin, and triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) at 28 weeks gestation and 6 months and 10 years after pregnancy. Cluster analysis of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy was used to stratify GDM as 'high' and 'low risk' for diabetes and CVD risk at 10 years. The data in pregnancy were used to determine a simple method for assessing risk of future diabetes. RESULTS: BMI in the 150 GDM at study entry was similar to NGT, but 35% of GDM fell into a 'high-risk cluster' with elevated BMI, SBP, glucose, insulin and triglycerides and lower HDL levels. At 10 years, type 2 diabetes was sixfold higher in 'high-risk' GDM (odds ratio (OR)=6.75, confidence interval (CI)=2.0, 22.7, P=0.002) compared with 'low-risk' GDM and was not reported in NGT. The 'high-risk' cluster predicted type 2 diabetes better than BMI>30 (OR=2.13, CI=0.71, 6.4, P=0.179) or fasting glucose >5.5 mmol l(-1), (OR=4.56, CI=1.50, 13.85, P=0.007). We determined that GDM with any four of the cardiometabolic risk factors (BMI>30 kg m(-2), fasting glucose>5.0 mmol l(-1), insulin>7.8 mU l(-1), triglycerides >2.4 mmol l(-1), HDL<1.6 mmol l(-1) or SBP>105 mm Hg) in pregnancy would be in a 'high-risk' cluster. CONCLUSIONS: A metabolic syndrome-like cluster in pregnant GDM identifies risk for type 2 diabetes providing an opportunity to focus on rigorous lifestyle interventions after delivery to reduce the burden of disease attributed to this condition.
Contraception guidance in women with pre-existing disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism.; OBJECTIVES: To review our studies on the clinical and metabolic impact of contraceptive methods in women with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in order to provide suggestions for the contraceptive counselling of these women. METHODS: The clinical events following first insertions of copper IUDs were studied in 103 women with IDDM and in 119 non-diabetic women. Moreover we studied the effects on glycometabolic control and lipid metabolism in women with well-controlled IDDM using low-dose oral contraceptives (OCs) containing ethinylestradiol combined with norethisterone (n = 10), levonorgestrel (n = 9) or gestodene (n = 11). Hemostatic and endothelial function was also studied in the women using the gestodene-containing preparation. Finally, we studied the impact of oral contraceptives on the insulin sensitivity in women with previous GDM. RESULTS: The continuation rates and indications for medical removal of the IUDs were similar in the diabetic and the non-diabetic women. There was no increased pregnancy rate or increased frequency of pelvic inflammatory disease in the diabetic women. The glycemic control was not changed by the OCs and none of the treatment regimens were associated with changes in plasma lipids linked to increased risk of atherosclerosis. Indications of increased fibrin formation, which seemed to be compensated by increased fibrinolytic activity, were noted with the gestodene-containing preparation. None of the women developed microalbuminuria during the study. Compared to normal women, we found reduced insulin sensitivity in the women with previous GDM using the pill. CONCLUSION: Intrauterine devices and barrier methods can be used by diabetic women with the same reservations as in the general population. Low-dose OCs do not influence the glycemic control and have no adverse impact on plasma lipids. The balance between fibrin formation and resolution was maintained during intake of the gestodene-containing pill. Our findings suggest that combined oral contraceptives can be used in women with uncomplicated IDDM and in women with previous GDM if clinical and metabolic monitoring can be ensured.
An Electronic Medical Record Intervention to Increase Early Screening Rates for Gestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to implement an electronic medical record reminder to perform the early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening test and to evaluate if this intervention increased screening rates. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective chart review of all deliveries at Mount Sinai West in January 2020 to determine the number of patients that met criteria for and actually underwent early GDM screening. A total of 314 patients had complete charts with pregnancy data. The following American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG)-defined risk factors were collected: body mass index greater than 25 (Asians greater than 23), history of GDM, history of macrosomia, hypertension (systolic >140 or diastolic >90), polycystic ovarian syndrome, hemoglobin A1c above 5.7, cardiovascular disease, and family history of diabetes. We used this data to advocate for and design an electronic medical record-based intervention to remind obstetric providers to complete the early glucose challenge test screening for eligible patients at the first prenatal visit. RESULTS: Our investigation confirms there is a low adherence rate of 12% at our facility to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines (12 out of 97 patients). Furthermore, nearly one-fifth (16 out of 85) of eligible patients who did not receive screening were eventually diagnosed with GDM by screening at 24 to 28 weeks. After implementing an electronic medical record reminder at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates more than doubled to 28% (33 out of 115 eligible patients). The most common diabetic risk factors were high-risk ethnic background, current hypertension, family history of diabetes, history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, and body mass index of 40 or greater. CONCLUSION: Our data suggests that obstetricians could be missing an opportunity to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes by diagnosing GDM earlier in pregnancy, as recommended by ACOG. The adoption of an electronic medical record reminder seems to improve the rate of indicated early GDM screening. KEY POINTS: · There is a low adherence rate of 16% to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines.. · After implementing an electronic medical record alert at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates nearly doubled.. · Screening rates were higher at prenatal practices with resident physician involvement in patient care..
Diabetes distress is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Around 12% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is associated with increased health risks for both mother and child and pre- and postpartum depression. Little is known about the relationship of GDM with diabetes-specific emotional distress (diabetes distress). The aims of this study are to assess the prevalence of diabetes distress in GDM and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was carried out in an Amsterdam based teaching hospital with an ethnic diverse population. Women diagnosed with GDM completed a set of questionnaires at three time points. Questionnaires consisted of Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale 5 (PAID-5) for diabetes distress (T0-T1), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9) for depressive symptoms (T0-T2), and questions to assess adverse pregnancy outcomes (T2). Adverse pregnancy outcomes (collected via self-report and if feasible from the medical records) were defined as hypertension, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, severe perineal tearing, postpartum hemorrhage, postpartum depression, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hospitalization, macrosomia, jaundice, hypoglycemia and other (among which low heart rate, fever, hypoxia). Adverse pregnancy outcomes were dichotomized into none and 1 or more. Additional information was collected from the medical charts. Missing data were imputed via predictive mean matching and a multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed with diabetes distress, depressive symptoms, socioeconomic status, parity and ethnicity as predictors and age, HbA1c, and BMI as covariates. RESULTS: A total of 100 women were included, mean age 32.5 (4.1), mean BMI 26.7 (4.8), 71% were of non-Dutch ethnic background. Elevated diabetes distress (PAID score ≥ 8) was reported by 36% of the women. Multivariable logistic regression analyses revealed that both high diabetes distress (OR 4.70, p = .02) and parity (OR 0.21, p = .02) but not antepartum depressive symptoms were related to adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes distress is likely in women with GDM and our findings suggest an association between both diabetes distress, parity and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM. This warrants replication and further research into the underlying mechanisms explaining the impact of diabetes distress in GDM and potential interventions to reduce distress.
Changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress in normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; The purpose of the present study was to determine changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress longitudinally in pregnancy complicated by diabetes compared with non-diabetic pregnancy. This was carried out by following a group of normal pregnant women (n=17) and groups of pregnant women with Type I diabetes (n=19), Type II diabetes (n=12) and gestational diabetes mellitus (n=12) throughout pregnancy, with sampling carried out at the end of each trimester. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerols (triglycerides) were determined using standard colorimetric techniques and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction profile by disc PAGE. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) was determined by enhanced chemiluminescence and lipid hydroperoxides by the ferrous oxidation of Xylenol Orange method. Total cholesterol and triacylglycerols increased significantly throughout pregnancy in all groups, but there were no significant differences between normal and diabetic women with respect to either. The LDL score was significantly higher (P<0.001) in diabetic women compared with normal women at each point throughout pregnancy, although there were no significant differences between the diabetic groups. There was evidence of greater oxidative stress in diabetic compared with normal women throughout. Corrected TAC was significantly lower (P<0.001) in all diabetic women throughout pregnancy. In addition, lipid hydroperoxides were higher in all diabetic compared with normal women, particularly so in those with Type II diabetes (P<0.05). These changes may have important implications for diabetic women during pregnancy, as an elevated risk of pre-eclampsia is thought to reflect an oxidative stress-related mechanism. In addition, these changes may have important implications for the development of atherosclerosis and the long-term cardiovascular health of women with diabetes.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators: Primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease.; OBJECTIVE: To define pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators and their association with developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD), and to provide guidance on how primary care providers can help lower future CVD risk through early identification and intervention. SOURCES OF INFORMATION: Primary research sources, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and clinical review articles. MAIN MESSAGE: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women. As underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a baby with intrauterine growth restriction, or placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. CONCLUSION: Women with 1 or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and have formalized postpartum follow-up, including a thorough history, a physical examination, biochemical screening, counseling around lifestyle modification, and possible therapeutic intervention. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Abnormal placental pathological findings and adverse clinical outcomes of oocyte donation.; We sought to assess chronic inflammatory responses in patients who achieved pregnancy by oocyte donation and non-oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology and delivered at The Ottawa Hospital. Data describing maternal health, obstetrical outcomes, neonatal outcomes, and placental pathology were collected and analyzed from electronic medical records. An increased frequency of adverse obstetrical outcomes was observed. In the oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology group, placental pathology data demonstrated increased frequency of fetal vascular malperfusion (p = 0.02) and placenta accreta (p < 0.001), representing a chronic inflammatory response. Placental pathology reflecting dysregulated immune processes and vasculopathy is associated with oocyte donation.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes: Impact on arterial wall layer thickness and stiffness in early childhood - RADIEL study six-year follow-up.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and maternal obesity are linked to weight gain in childhood and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. We assessed the effects of GDM and maternal obesity on arterial function and morphology in relation to body anthropometrics and composition in early childhood. METHODS: We assessed body size and composition, blood pressure (BP), arterial morphology and stiffness in 201 pairs of obese mothers (pre-pregnancy BMI 30.7 ± 5.6 kg/m(2), 96 with GDM) and their children at 6.1 years (SD 0.5). RESULTS: Child BMI (z-score 0.45 ± 0.92; p < 0.001) and common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT, z-score 0.15 ± 0.75, p = 0.003) were increased compared with a healthy Finnish reference population. No associations with maternal GDM was found. Carotid IMT and pulse wave velocity were unrelated to child sex, anthropometrics, body composition, BP, as well as maternal anthropometrics and body composition. Carotid stiffness was independently predicted by second trimester fasting glucose. Child lean body mass was the strongest independent predictor for radial (RA), and brachial artery (BA) lumen diameter (LD) and BA IMT (LD: RA: r(2) = 0.068, p < 0.001; BA: r(2) = 0.108, p < 0.001; IMT: BA: r(2) = 0.161, p < 0.001) and carotid LD (r(2) = 0.066, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Children of obese mothers have increased BMI, blood pressure and carotid IMT suggesting a transgenerational effect of maternal obesity and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in the population. Arterial dimensions were mainly predicted by child LBM, and not associated with maternal or child adiposity, or GDM. There was a weak association with maternal gestational fasting glucose and increased carotid artery stiffness.
Drug insight: insulin-sensitizing drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome--a reappraisal.; The recognition that insulin resistance has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) revolutionized our understanding of this complex disorder. PCOS causes major metabolic and reproductive morbidities, including substantially increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome. Insulin-sensitizing drugs (ISDs) ameliorate reproductive abnormalities, restore ovulation and regular menses, increase pregnancy rates and reduce androgenic symptoms in affected women with PCOS. Accordingly, ISDs, specifically metformin, have been widely adopted as therapy for this condition. A recent, large, randomized, multicenter, clinical trial that assessed live-birth rates rather than surrogate end points suggested that metformin alone is inferior to clomiphene citrate in treating infertility associated with PCOS. There is, furthermore, no evidence to support the use of metformin during pregnancy to prevent spontaneous abortions or gestational diabetes mellitus in women with PCOS. Renewed safety concerns about thiazolidinediones followed recent studies that reported increased cardiovascular morbidity with these agents. These concerns might preclude thiazolidinedione use in otherwise healthy women with PCOS. Finally, although ISDs improve insulin action and cardiovascular disease risk, there is no evidence that they provide long-term health benefits in PCOS. This article discusses the role of ISDs in PCOS in light of these new data.
Assessment of cardiovascular risk and prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with the polycystic ovary syndrome: a consensus statement by the Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society.; OBJECTIVE: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often have cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. The Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society created a panel to provide evidence-based reviews of studies assessing PCOS-CVD risk relationships and to develop guidelines for preventing CVD. PARTICIPANTS: An expert panel in PCOS and CVD reviewed literature and presented recommendations. EVIDENCE: Only studies comparing PCOS with control patients were included. All electronic databases were searched; reviews included individual studies/databases, systematic reviews, abstracts, and expert data. Articles were excluded if other hyperandrogenic disorders were not excluded, PCOS diagnosis was unclear, controls were not described, or methodology precluded evaluation. Inclusion/exclusion criteria were confirmed by at least two reviewers and arbitrated by a third. CONSENSUS PROCESS: Systematic reviews of CVD risk factors were compiled and submitted for approval to the AE-PCOS Society Board. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PCOS with obesity, cigarette smoking, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance, and subclinical vascular disease are at risk, whereas those with metabolic syndrome and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at high risk for CVD. Body mass index, waist circumference, serum lipid/glucose, and blood pressure determinations are recommended for all women with PCOS, as is oral glucose tolerance testing in those with obesity, advanced age, personal history of gestational diabetes, or family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mood disorder assessment is suggested in all PCOS patients. Lifestyle management is recommended for primary CVD prevention, targeting low-density and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and adding insulin-sensitizing and other drugs if dyslipidemia or other risk factors persist.
Birth defects in newborns and stillborns: an example of the Brazilian reality.; BACKGROUND: This study constitutes a clinical and genetic study of all newborn and stillborn infants with birth defects seen in a period of one year in a medical school hospital located in Brazil. The aims of this study were to estimate the incidence, causes and consequences of the defects. METHODS: For all infants we carried out physical assessment, photographic records, analysis of medical records and collection of additional information with the family, besides the karyotypic analysis or molecular tests in indicated cases. RESULT: The incidence of birth defects was 2.8%. Among them, the etiology was identified in 73.6% (ci95%: 64.4-81.6%). Etiology involving the participation of genetic factors single or associated with environmental factors) was more frequent 94.5%, ci95%: 88.5-98.0%) than those caused exclusively by environmental factors (alcohol in and gestational diabetes mellitus). The conclusive or presumed diagnosis was possible in 85% of the cases. Among them, the isolated congenital heart disease (9.5%) and Down syndrome (9.5%) were the most common, followed by gastroschisis (8.4%), neural tube defects (7.4%) and clubfoot (5.3%). Maternal age, parental consanguinity, exposure to teratogenic agents and family susceptibility were some of the identified risk factors. The most common observed consequences were prolonged hospital stays and death. CONCLUSIONS: The current incidence of birth defects among newborns and stillbirths of in our population is similar to those obtained by other studies performed in Brazil and in other underdeveloped countries. Birth defects are one of the major causes leading to lost years of potential life. The study of birth defects in underdeveloped countries should continue. The identification of incidence, risk factors and consequences are essential for planning preventive measures and effective treatments.
Unusual clustering of diseases in a Canadian Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred and community.; We investigated a large Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred with branches across Canada. Six generations of the kindred were traced. There was intermarriage among numerous family members. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was identified in 10 members; all 7 living patients were found to carry the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Nine other close relatives had disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes mellitus and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus progressing to insulin use. Ten other relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism and multiple sclerosis. Cases of Alport's syndrome, congenital malformations, inborn errors of metabolism and unusual malignant diseases were also found in the kindred. In the small Alberta community in which the kindred was ascertained there were people of Old Colony Mennonite descent with genetic conditions such as Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome and congenital malformations, including congenital heart disease. This kindred represents the largest reported familial aggregation of IDDM. This disease and other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism occur in the context of a strong familial predisposition to autoimmune disease. Study of this family may permit empiric testing of proposed models of inheritance of diseases of complex origin such as IDDM. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite community because it is one of the settlements populated by this religious and genetic isolate, which extends across Canada and Central and South America and affords opportunities for the study of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Effects of maternal obesity on antenatal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity is critically important to maternal and fetal health during the perinatal period. We have detected an increasing prevalence of maternal obesity in recent years and investigated its complications during pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 931 pregnant females were investigated between March 2012 and March 2013. The patients were divided into four groups: body mass index (BMI) < 18.5 kg/m(2) was underweight, 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2) was normal weight, 25-29.9 kg/m(2) was overweight and ≥30 kg/m(2) was obese. The effects of obesity on fetal and maternal outcomes were investigated. RESULTS: Significant increases in pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery, premature rupture of membranes, shoulder dystocia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, abnormal heart rate pattern and postpartum infection rates were found in the obese group during the perinatal period. Adverse maternal effects in obese cases were significantly more frequent than those in normal-weight cases. Preterm birth, perinatal mortality, low APGAR scores, newborn intensive care unit requirement, hypoglycemia and macrosomia rates were significantly higher in obese cases than those in non-obese cases. However, low birth weight infant rate was higher in the low BMI cases than that in the other BMI categories (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: We conclude that obesity is an important factor associated with pregnancy complications and the increase in maternal-fetal morbidity and mortality.
[Relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome].; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated to a significant increase in the risk of diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, resulting in a 5-fold increase of the cardiovascular death rate. AIM: To determine the relationship between gestational diabetes (GD) and the development of MS at the end of puerperal period. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We conducted a case-control study in the Curanilahue Hospital, in southern Chile, including 58 women with GD during their pregnancy, studied in day 42 of their puerperal period (study group) and 58 puerperal women from the same hospital, who had a physiological pregnancy (control group). Triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, fasting and post prandial blood glucose levels, blood pressure, waist circumference, weight and height were measured. MS was diagnosed using the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP - ATP III) criteria. RESULTS: Mean weight, body mass index, waist circumference, blood glucose and triglycerides were significantly higher in the study group and HDL cholesterol was significantly lower in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest a significant relationship between GD and the occurrence of MS.
Gestational diabetes causes hyperactivity of the sympathetic nervous system and hypertension in adult mice offspring.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes can lead to increased blood pressure in offspring, accompanied by impaired renal sodium excretion function and vasoconstriction and diastole dysfunction. However, there are few studies on whether it is accompanied by increased sympathetic nerve activity. METHODS: Pregnant C57BL/6 mice were intraperitoneally injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) or citrate buffer at day 0 of gestation. The mice of control mother offspring (CMO) and diabetic mother offspring (DMO) at 16 weeks of age were infused with vehicle (artificial cerebrospinal fluid, aCSF, 0.4 μL/h) or tempol (1 mmol/L, 0.4 μL/h) into the bilateral paraventricular nucleus (PVN) of mice for 4 weeks, respectively. RESULTS: Compared with CMO group, SBP and peripheral sympathetic nerve activity (increased heart rate, LF/HF and plasma norepinephrine and decreased SDNN and RMSSD) were increased in DMO group, which was accompanied by increased angiotensin II type-1 receptor (AT(1)R) expression and function in PVN. The increase in AT(1)R expression levels was attributed to a decrease in the methylation level of the AT(1)R promoter region, resulting in an increase in AT(1)R mRNA levels in PVN of DMO. Moreover, compared with CMO group, the levels of oxidative stress were increased and DNMT1 expression was decreased in PVN of DMO. Bilateral PVN infusion of tempol attenuated oxidative stress increased the level of DNMT1 expression and the binding of DNMT1 to the AT(1)R promoter region, which reduced mRNA and protein expression level of AT(1)R, heart rate and SBP in DMO, but not in CMO. CONCLUSIONS: The present study provides evidence for overactive sympathetic nervous systems in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes-induced hypertension in offspring. Central antioxidant intervention in the PVN may be an important treatment strategy for fetal-programmed hypertension.
[Anaesthetic management of caesarean section in pregnancy with diabetes and hypertrophic myocardiopathy with restrictive diastolic dysfunction].; Haemodynamic changes that occur during pregnancy are maximal between 28 and 34 weeks. In the pregnant woman with several associated diseases, such as hypertensive myocardiopathy and pre-gestational diabetes, these changes can lead to a difficult control of pulmonary hypertension and acute pulmonary oedema. We report the case of a pregnant woman with long term type 1 diabetes mellitus who suffered pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy, and since then developed hypertensive cardiomyopathy. She was admitted at 30 week gestation for metabolic and blood pressure control, and developed congestive cardiac failure after the administration of betamethasone for foetal lung maturity. A transthoracic echocardiogram showed a non-dilated hypertrophic left ventricle with good systolic function, restrictive diastolic dysfunction and moderate pulmonary arterial hypertension. When her general condition improved, we performed a caesarean section under regional anaesthesia to prevent the complications of pulmonary and systemic hypertension. We present the anaesthetic management and resolution of complications after oxytocin administration.
Trends, Predictors, and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications at Delivery Associated With Gestational Diabetes: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004-2019).; Background Gestational diabetes (GD) is associated with increased risk of long-term cardiovascular complications. However, data on acute peripartum cardiovascular complications are not well established. Hence, we aimed to investigate the association of GD with acute cardiovascular outcomes at the time of delivery admission. Methods and Results We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019). International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) or Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GD diagnosis. A total of 63 115 002 weighted hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 3.9% were among individuals with GD (n=2 435 301). The prevalence of both GD and obesity increased during the study period (P trends<0.01). Individuals with GD versus those without GD had a higher prevalence of obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race or ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, GD remained independently associated with cardiovascular complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.97 [95% CI, 1.96-1.98]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR, 1.15 [1.08-1.22]), acute kidney injury (aOR, 1.16 [1.11-1.21]), stroke (aOR, 1.15 [1.09-1.23]), and arrhythmias (aOR, 1.48 [1.46-1.50]), compared with no GD. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among individuals with GD were associated with increased length (3 versus 2 days, P<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4909 versus $3682, P<0.01). Even in the absence of preeclampsia, GD was associated with elevated cardiovascular risk. Conclusions Individuals with GD had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute kidney injury, stroke, and arrhythmias during delivery hospitalizations. As rates of GD are increasing globally, efforts to improve preconception cardiometabolic health and prevent GD may represent important strategies to improve peripartum maternal outcomes and mitigate long-term cardiovascular risk.
Gestational Diabetes But Not Prepregnancy Overweight Predicts for Cardiometabolic Markers in Offspring Twenty Years Later.; CONTEXT: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and prepregnancy overweight/obesity [body mass index (BMI) ≥25 kg/m2] might adversely affect offspring cardiometabolic health. OBJECTIVE: To assess the associations between maternal GDM and prepregnancy overweight/obesity with adult offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. DESIGN: Longitudinal cohort study (ESTER Maternal Pregnancy Disorders Study and the Arvo Ylppö Longitudinal Study). SETTING: Province of Uusimaa and Northern Finland. PARTICIPANTS: At a mean age of 24.1 ± 1.3 years, we classified offspring as offspring of mothers with GDM regardless of the prepregnancy BMI (OGDM; n = 193); normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy overweight/obesity (ONO; n = 157); and normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy BMI <25 kg/m2 (controls; n = 556). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed the cardiometabolic biomarkers from blood and measured the blood pressure at rest and heart rate. RESULTS: Compared with the controls, the OGDM and ONO groups had greater fasting glucose (1.6%; 95% CI, 0.1% to 3.1%; and 2.3%; 95% CI, 0.5% to 4.3%, respectively) and insulin (12.7%; 95% CI, 4.4% to 21.9%; and 8.7%; 95% CI, 0.2% to 17.8%). These differences attenuated to nonsignificance when adjusted for confounders and/or current offspring characteristics, including BMI or body fat percentage. The OGDM group had lower SHBG (men, -12.4%; 95% CI, -20.2% to -3.9%; women, -33.2%; 95% CI, -46.3% to -16.8%), high-density lipoprotein (-6.6%; 95% CI, -10.9% to -2.2%), and apolipoprotein A1 (-4.5%; 95% CI, -7.5% to -1.4%). These differences survived the adjustments. The heart rate and other biomarkers were similar among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Adult offspring of mothers with GDM have increased markers of insulin resistance and a more atherogenic lipid profile. These were only partly explained by confounders or current offspring adiposity. Maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity was associated with impaired offspring glucose regulation, which was explained by confounders and/or current adiposity.
Pregnancy characteristics and women's future cardiovascular health: an underused opportunity to improve women's health?; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. The purpose of this paper was to review the associations of parity and these 4 pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; to review the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations; and to explore the implications of this emerging science for new research and policy. We systematically searched for relevant cohort and case-control studies in Medline through December 2012 and used citation searches for already published reviews to identify new studies. The findings of this review suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. With further replication research, these findings would support the utility of these prevalent pregnancy complications in identifying high-risk women for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women.
Gestational Diabetes History and Glucose Tolerance After Pregnancy Associated With Coronary Artery Calcium in Women During Midlife: The CARDIA Study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) leads to earlier onset and heightened risk of type 2 diabetes, a strong risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear whether attaining normoglycemia can ameliorate the excess CVD risk associated with GD history. This study sought to evaluate GD history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcification (CAC) in women, a manifestation of atherosclerotic CVD and a predictor of CVD clinical events. METHODS: Data were obtained from the CARDIA study (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults), a US multicenter, community-based prospective cohort of young Black (50%) and White adults aged 18 to 30 years at baseline (1985-1986). The sample included 1133 women without diabetes at baseline, who had ≥1 singleton births (n=2066) during follow-up, glucose tolerance testing at baseline and up to 5 times during 25 years (1986-2011), GD status, and CAC measurements obtained from 1 or more follow up examinations at years 15, 20, and 25 (2001-2011). CAC was measured by noncontrast cardiac computed tomography; dichotomized as Any CAC (score>0) or No CAC (score=0). Complementary log-log models for interval-censored data estimated adjusted hazard ratios of CAC and 95% confidence intervals for GD history and subsequent glucose tolerance groups (normoglycemia, prediabetes, or incident diabetes) on average 14.7 years after the last birth adjusted for prepregnancy and follow-up covariates. RESULTS: Of 1133 women, 139 (12.3%) reported GD and were 47.6 years of age (4.8 SD) at follow-up. CAC was present in 25% (34/139) of women with GD and 15% (149/994) of women with no GD. In comparison with no GD/normoglycemia, adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) were 1.54 (1.06-2.24) for no GD/prediabetes and 2.17 (1.30-3.62) for no GD/incident diabetes, and 2.34 (1.34-4.09), 2.13 (1.09-4.17), and 2.02 (0.98-4.19) for GD/normoglycemia, GD/prediabetes, and GD/incident diabetes, respectively (overall P=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Women without previous GD showed a graded increase in the risk of CAC associated with worsening glucose tolerance. Women with a history of GD had a 2-fold higher risk of CAC across all subsequent levels of glucose tolerance. Midlife atherosclerotic CVD risk among women with previous GD is not diminished by attaining normoglycemia.
Effect of Fetal Sex on Maternal and Obstetric Outcomes.; Fetal sex plays an important role in modifying the course and complications related to pregnancy and may also have an impact on maternal health and well-being both during and after pregnancy. The goal of this article is to review and summarize the findings from published research on physiologic and pathologic changes that may be affected by fetal sex and the effect of these changes on the maternal and obstetrical outcomes. This will help create awareness that fetal sex is not just a random chance event but an interactive process between the mother, the placenta, and the fetus. The reported effects of male sex on the course of pregnancy and delivery include higher incidence of preterm labor in singletons and twins, failure of progression in labor, true umbilical cord knots, cord prolapse, nuchal cord, higher cesarean section rate, higher heart rate variability with increased frequency, and duration of decelerations without acidemia and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus through the poor beta cells function. Similarly, female fetal sex has been reported to modify pregnancy and delivery outcomes including altered fetal cardiac hemodynamics, increased hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, higher vulnerability of developing type 2 DM after pregnancy possibly because of influences on increased maternal insulin resistance. Placental function is also influenced by fetal sex. Vitamin D metabolism in the placenta varies by fetal sex; and the placenta of a female fetus is more responsive to the relaxing action of magnesium sulfate. Male and female feto-placental units also vary in their responses to environmental toxin exposure. The association of fetal sex with stillbirths is controversial with many studies reporting higher risk of stillbirth in male fetuses; although some smaller and limited studies have reported more stillbirths with female fetus pregnancies. Maternal status such as BMI may in turn also affect the fetus and the placenta in a sex-specific manner. There is probably a sex-specific maternal-placental-fetal interaction that has significant biological implications of which the mechanisms may be genetic, epigenetic, or hormonal. Determination of fetal sex may therefore be an important consideration in management of pregnancy and childbirth.
Sacrococcygeal teratoma: prenatal assessment, fetal intervention, and outcome.; PURPOSE: To understand the natural history and define indications for fetal intervention in sacrococcygeal teratoma (SCT), the authors reviewed all cases of fetal SCT presenting for evaluation. METHODS: Prenatal diagnostic studies including ultrasound scan, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), echocardiography and pre- and postnatal outcomes were reviewed in 30 cases of SCT that presented between September 1995 and January 2003. RESULTS: The mean gestational age (GA) at presentation was 23.9 weeks (range, 19 to 38.5) with 3 sets of twins (10%). Overall outcomes included 4 terminations, 5 fetal demises, 7 neonatal deaths, and 14 survivors. Significant obstetric complications occurred in 81% of the 26 continuing pregnancies: polyhydramnios (n = 7), oligohydramnios (n = 4), preterm labor (n = 13), preeclampsia (n = 4), gestational diabetes (n = 1), HELLP syndrome (n = 1), and hyperemesis (n = 1). Fetal intervention included cyst aspiration (n = 6), amnioreduction (n = 3), amnioinfusion (n = 1), and open fetal surgical resection (n = 4). Indications for cyst aspiration and amnioreduction were maternal discomfort, preterm labor, and prevention of tumor rupture at delivery. Although 15 SCTs were solid causing risk for cardiac failure, only 4 fetuses met criteria for fetal debulking based on ultrasonographic and echocardiographic evidence of impending high output failure and favorable anatomy at 21, 23.6, 25, and 26 weeks' gestation. Intraoperative events included maternal blood transfusion (n = 1), fetal blood transfusion (n = 2), chorioamniotic membrane separation (n = 2), and fetal arrest requiring successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) (n = 1). In the fetal resection group, 3 of 4 survived with mean GA at delivery of 29 weeks (range, 27.6 to 31.7 weeks), mean birth weight of 1.3 kg, hospital stay ranging from 16 to 34 weeks, and follow-up ranging from 20 months to 6 years. Postnatal complications in the fetal surgery group included neonatal death (n = 1, secondary to premature closure of ductus arteriosus with cardiac failure), embolic event (n = 1, resulting in unilateral renal agenesis, jejunal atresia), chronic lung disease (n = 1), and tumor recurrence (n = 1). CONCLUSIONS: For fetal SCT, the rapidity at which cardiac compromise can develop and the high incidence of obstetric complications warrant close prenatal surveillance. Amnioreduction, cyst aspiration, and surgical debulking are potentially life-saving interventions.
Pathophysiological changes associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy.; Sleep is a complex and active physiological process that if disrupted, can result in adverse outcomes both within and outside of pregnancy. Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 10-32% of pregnancies. Substantial physiological changes occur during pregnancy that impact on maternal sleep, which typically deteriorates with advancing gestation. Pregnancy challenges maternal homeostatic regulation of many systems which effect maternal sleep, including the respiratory, cardiovascular, endocrine, and immune systems. SDB can result from varying degrees of airway compromise and potentially cause systemic hypoxia. The hypoxia may be acute, intermittent or chronic in nature with complications dependant on the duration and the gestation at which the insult occurs. It is unlikely that this effect is mediated by a singular mechanistic pathway but results from a complex cascade of events across multiple maternal organ systems. Regardless of the etiology, both SDB and supine sleep position are associated with a variety of obstetric and perinatal complications including, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, fetal growth restriction, poor neonatal condition at birth, stillbirth and neuro-psychiatric problems in offspring. Both maternal sleep position and sleep disordered breathing are potentially modifiable or treatable factors that if addressed have the potential to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. This narrative review summarizes the maternal and placental pathophysiological aberrations associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy.
Differences in preeclampsia rates between African American and Caucasian women: trends from the National Hospital Discharge Survey.; BACKGROUND: African Americans are at higher risk for preeclampsia compared with Caucasians, but longitudinal changes are unknown. We hypothesized that preeclampsia rates among African Americans would be higher than that of Caucasians and over time would maintain a consistent divergence. METHODS: We analyzed the annual prevalence rates and calculated prevalence odds ratios (POR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for preeclampsia comparing 4,644 African American (weighted 608,109) with 12,131 Caucasian (weighted 1,844,391) women from the National Hospital Discharge Survey (1979-2006), including all women for whom a delivery was associated with preeclampsia. We estimated the race-specific prevalence of preeclampsia while adjusting for age, geographic region, diabetes, essential hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, heart failure, benign essential hypertension complicating a pregnancy, transient hypertension, and gestational diabetes. RESULTS: There was an increasing trend in preeclampsia rates per year from 1979 to 2006 for African Americans [POR 0.76 (95% CI 0.49, 1.03)] and Caucasians [0.29 (95% CI 0.17, 0.41)]. However, there was an initial decrease in prevalence from 1979-1988 among African-Americans [-0.96 (95% CI -1.78, -0.14)] that was not seen in Caucasians [0.12 (95% CI -0.33, 0.57)]. Across all study years, preeclampsia rates remained higher for African Americans compared to Caucasians, from a POR of 0.98 (95% CI 0.96, 1.0) to POR of 1.75 (95% CI 1.73, 1.78). CONCLUSION: There was an increase in the prevalence of preeclampsia in African Americans compared to Caucasians in the most recent decade under study. This may be explained by healthcare system changes and disparities in obesity. Action is needed to reduce the trajectory of future cardiovascular disease caused by preeclampsia.
Change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and its evaluation.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and explore its evaluation methods. METHODS: Totally 96 women with abnormal pregnancies (AP group), 356 women with normal pregnancies (NP group), and 100 women of childbearing age (CBA group) were monitored by the exercise cardiac contractility monitor (ECCM). Phonocardiogram of participants at resting status was recorded by ECCM. The amplitude of first heart sound (S1), the amplitude of second heart sound (S2), cardiac cycle, diastolic duration (D), and systolic duration (S) were detected and then the S1/S2 ratio,the D/S ratio, and heart rate (HR) were calculated. RESULTS: Compared with the CBA group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher and D/S was significantly lower in both AP group and NP group (all P<0.001). Compared with the NP group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher in AP group and D/S was significnatly lower (all P<0.001). A D/S ratio less than 1.1 or S1/S2 ratio higher than 1.8 was associated with higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. Among four common pregnancy-associated abnormalities, the level of cardiac reserve was lowest in eclampsia, followed by twins, gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Cardiac reserve is mobilized during pregnancy, and is especially during the abnormal pregnancies due to the heavy cardiac burden. S1/S2 ratio, D/S ratio, and HR are useful in evaluating the cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy.
Management of primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy: a case series.; Primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) is characterised by the overproduction of parathyroid hormone (PTH) due to parathyroid hyperplasia, adenoma or carcinoma and results in hypercalcaemia and a raised or inappropriately normal PTH. Symptoms of hypercalcaemia occur in 20% of patients and include fatigue, nausea, constipation, depression, renal impairment and cardiac arrythmias. In the most severe cases, uraemia, coma or cardiac arrest can result. Primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy is rare, with a reported incidence of 1%. Maternal and fetal/neonatal complications are estimated to occur in 67 and 80% of untreated cases respectively. Maternal complications include nephrolithiasis, pancreatitis, hyperemesis gravidarum, pre-eclampsia and hypercalcemic crises. Fetal complications include intrauterine growth restriction; preterm delivery and a three to five-fold increased risk of miscarriage. There is a direct relationship between the degree of severity of hypercalcaemia and miscarriage risk, with miscarriage being more common in those patients with a serum calcium greater than 2.85 mmol/L. Neonatal complications include hypocalcemia. Herein, we present a case series of three women who were diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy. Case 1 was diagnosed with multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 (MEN1) in pregnancy and required a bilateral neck exploration and subtotal parathyroidectomy in the second trimester of her pregnancy due to symptomatic severe hypercalcaemia. Both case 2 and case 3 were diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism due to a parathyroid adenoma and required a unilateral parathyroidectomy in the second trimester. This case series highlights the work-up and the tailored management approach to patients with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy. Learning points: Primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy is associated with a high incidence of associated maternal fetal and neonatal complications directly proportionate to degree of maternal serum calcium levels. Parathyroidectomy is the definitive treatment for primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy and was used in the management of all three cases in this series. It is recommended when serum calcium is persistently greater than 2.75 mmol/L and or for the management of maternal or fetal complications of hypercalcaemia. Surgical management, when necessary is ideally performed in the second trimester. Primary hyperparathyroidism is genetically determined in ~10% of cases, where the likelihood is increased in those under 40 years, where there is relevant family history and those with other related endocrinopathies. Genetic testing is a useful diagnostic adjunct and can guide treatment and management options for patients diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy, as described in case 1 in this series, who was diagnosed with MEN1 syndrome. Women of reproductive age with primary hyperparathyroidism need to be informed of the risks and complications associated with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy and pregnancy should be deferred and or avoided until curative surgery has been performed and calcium levels have normalised.
Resolution of neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy presumed secondary to acquired maternal ribonucleoprotein and smith autoantibodies.; Severe asymmetrical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy without heart block accompanied by neuromuscular hypotonia and feeding difficulties was evident shortly after birth in the second child of a mother with systemic lupus erythematosus who had no indication of gestational diabetes. High-level anti-ribonucleoprotein (RNP) and Smoth (Sm) antibodies arising from transplacental transfer of maternal antibodies were detected in the child's serum. The cardiac abnormalities improved with a commensurate decline in antibody titers. Previously reported cases of neonatal cardiomyopathy with endocardial fibroelastosis have been ascribed to the transplacental transfer of maternal Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) A (Ro) and Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) B (La) antibodies and have been more severe and persistent compared with our patient. We advocate close monitoring of all babies of mothers with systemic autoimmunity for changes in heart rate during pregnancy and signs of heart failure and neuromuscular weakness after delivery.
Precision stratification of prognostic risk factors associated with outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this systematic review is to identify prognostic factors among women and their offspring affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), focusing on endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) for women, and cardiometabolic profile for offspring. METHODS: This review included studies published in English language from January 1st, 1990, through September 30th, 2021, that focused on the above outcomes of interest with respect to sociodemographic factors, lifestyle and behavioral characteristics, traditional clinical traits, and 'omics biomarkers in the mothers and offspring during the perinatal/postpartum periods and across the lifecourse. Studies that did not report associations of prognostic factors with outcomes of interest among GDM-exposed women or children were excluded. RESULTS: Here, we identified 109 publications comprising 98 observational studies and 11 randomized-controlled trials. Findings indicate that GDM severity, maternal obesity, race/ethnicity, and unhealthy diet and physical activity levels predict T2D and CVD in women, and greater cardiometabolic risk in offspring. However, using the Diabetes Canada 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines for studies, the level of evidence was low due to potential for confounding, reverse causation, and selection biases. CONCLUSIONS: GDM pregnancies with greater severity, as well as those accompanied by maternal obesity, unhealthy diet, and low physical activity, as well as cases that occur among women who identify as racial/ethnic minorities are associated with worse cardiometabolic prognosis in mothers and offspring. However, given the low quality of evidence, prospective studies with detailed covariate data collection and high fidelity of follow-up are warranted.
Prevalence of congenital heart disease and its related risk indicators among 90,796 Chinese infants aged less than 6 months in Tianjin.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) represents one of the most prevalent congenital malformations. However, few studies use whole-population screening by colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to identify CHD among live infants. We estimate the prevalence of CHD and its major risk indicators among infants aged less than 6 months in urban Tianjin, China. METHODS: A colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system was used as the screening tool for the diagnosis of CHD. A total of 90,796 infants aged less than 6 months, living in the nine urban districts of Tianjin, China, participated in the CHD screening programme between July 2009 and June 2011. RESULTS: A total of 1817 children were identified as having CHD. The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease was 16.4 per 1000 live births among 47,697 boys, 24.1 per 1000 live births among 43,099 girls, and 20.0 per 1,000 live births among 90,796 boys and girls combined. Atrial septal defect was the most common heart lesion of CHD, with the prevalence of 10.6 per 1000 live births. Several maternal antenatal factors, such as older age, pregnant infections, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, family history of CHD, and lower education level, and several child factors, such as early screening age, lower birthweight and short gestational age, were associated with an increased risk of CHD. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of CHD of live infants in Tianjin was found to be relatively high by using a colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to screen CHD. Several maternal factors were associated with CHD risk.
Intestinal flora and pregnancy complications: Current insights and future prospects.; Numerous studies have demonstrated the pivotal roles of intestinal microbiota in many physiopathological processes through complex interactions with the host. As a unique period in a woman's lifespan, pregnancy is characterized by changes in hormones, immunity, and metabolism. The gut microbiota also changes during this period and plays a crucial role in maintaining a healthy pregnancy. Consequently, anomalies in the composition and function of the gut microbiota, namely, gut microbiota dysbiosis, can predispose individuals to various pregnancy complications, posing substantial risks to both maternal and neonatal health. However, there are still many controversies in this field, such as "sterile womb" versus "in utero colonization." Therefore, a thorough understanding of the roles and mechanisms of gut microbiota in pregnancy and its complications is essential to safeguard the health of both mother and child. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the changes in gut microbiota during pregnancy, its abnormalities in common pregnancy complications, and potential etiological implications. It also explores the potential of gut microbiota in diagnosing and treating pregnancy complications and examines the possibility of gut-derived bacteria residing in the uterus/placenta. Our aim is to expand knowledge in maternal and infant health from the gut microbiota perspective, aiding in developing new preventive and therapeutic strategies for pregnancy complications based on intestinal microecology.
Obesity in Pregnancy: A Comprehensive Review of Influential Guidelines.; IMPORTANCE: Obesity is one of the most common clinical entities complicating pregnancies and is associated with short- and long-term consequences for both the mother and the offspring. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study were to review and compare the most recently published influential guidelines on the management of maternal obesity in the preconceptional, antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum period. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: A descriptive review of guidelines from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, the Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists on obesity in pregnancy was carried out. RESULTS: There is an overall agreement among the reviewed guidelines regarding the importance of prepregnancy weight loss with behavioral modification, optimization of gestational weight gain, and screening for comorbidities in improving pregnancy outcomes of obese women. Women with previous bariatric surgery should be screened for nutritional deficiencies and have a closer antenatal surveillance, according to all guidelines. In addition, folic acid supplementation is recommended for 1 to 3 months before conception and during the first trimester, but several discrepancies were identified with regard to other vitamins, iodine, calcium, and iron supplementation. All medical societies recommend early screening for gestational diabetes mellitus and early anesthetic assessment in obese women and suggest the use of aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia when additional risk factors are present, although the optimal dosage is controversial. The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists point out that specific equipment and adequate resources must be readily available in all health care facilities managing obese pregnant women. Moreover, thromboprophylaxis and prophylactic antibiotics are indicated in case of cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fetal monitoring is justified during active labor in obese patients. However, there are no consistent protocols regarding the fetal surveillance, the monitoring of multiple gestations, the timing and mode of delivery, and the postpartum follow-up, although weight loss and breastfeeding are unanimously supported. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity in pregnancy is a significant contributor to maternal and perinatal morbidity with a constantly rising global prevalence among reproductive-aged women. Thus, the development of uniform international protocols for the effective management of obese women is of paramount importance to safely guide clinical practice and subsequently improve pregnancy outcomes.
Cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling.; Pregnant women with cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors are highly prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life. Thus, recent guidelines suggest extending the follow-up period to 1 yr after delivery. We aimed to evaluate cardiovascular remodeling during pregnancy and determine which CVR factors and potential biomarkers predict postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling (RR). Our study included a prospective cohort of 76 healthy and 54 obese and/or hypertensive and/or with gestational diabetes pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography, pulse-wave velocity (PWV), and blood collection at the 1st trimester (1T) and 3rd trimester (3T) of pregnancy as well as at the 1st/6th/12th mo after delivery. Generalized linear mixed-effects models was used to evaluate the extent of RR and its potential predictors. Pregnant women develop cardiac hypertrophy, as confirmed by a significant increase in left ventricular mass (LVM). Moreover, ventricular filling pressure (E/e') and atrial volume increased significantly during gestation. Significant regression of left ventricular (LV) volume, LVM, and filling pressures was observed as soon as 1 mo postpartum. The LV global longitudinal strain worsened slightly and recovered at 6 mo postpartum. PWV decreased significantly from 1T to 3T and normalized at 1 mo postpartum. We found that arterial hypertension, smoking habits, and obesity were independent predictors of increased LVM during pregnancy and postpartum. High C-reactive protein (CRP) and low ST2/IL33-receptor levels are potential circulatory biomarkers of worse LVM regression. Arterial hypertension, age, and gestational diabetes positively correlated with PWV. Altogether, our findings pinpoint arterial hypertension as a critical risk factor for worse RR and CRP, and ST2/IL33 receptors as potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal.NEW & NOTEWORTHY This study describes the impact of cardiovascular risk factors (CVR) in pregnancy-induced remodeling and postpartum reverse remodeling (up to 1 yr) by applying advanced statistic methods (multivariate generalized linear mixed-effects models) to a prospective cohort of pregnant women. Aiming to extrapolate to pathological conditions, this invaluable "human model" allowed us to demonstrate that arterial hypertension is a critical CVR for worse RR and that ST2/IL33-receptors and CRP are potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal.
Pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risks and postpartum care; an opportunity for interventions aiming at health preservation and disease prevention.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of premature death and disability for female individuals around the world and the rates are increasing in those aged 35-44 years. Certain pregnancy complications (Pregnancy-associated Cardiovascular Risks (P-CVR))are linked to an increased risk of future CVD making pregnancy and the postpartum period as an ideal time to screen individuals for underlying, often unrecognized, cardiovascular risk factors. Pregnancy complications associated with an increased risk of future CVD including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a growth restricted baby and a placental abruption that leads to delivery. A number of guidelines and research groups recommend postpartum CVR screening, counseling and lifestyle intervention for all those who have had one or more of P-CVRs starting within the first six months postpartum. An individualized plan for postpartum screening should be created with the individual and lifestyle interventions discussed.
Are serum levels of ADAMTS5, TAS and TOS at 24-28 gestational weeks associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetic women?; We aimed to determine the role of placental A Disintegrin and Metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 5 (ADAMTS5), and maternal serum ADAMTS5, total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS) and oxidative stress index (OSI) levels at 24-28th gestational weeks in GDM. This study included 57 patients, who had been diagnosed as having GDM at their 24-28th gestational week, and 29 controls. The maternal blood samples were collected at the 24-28th gestational week and ADAMTS5 was studied with the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method, whereas an automated colorimetric method was used to study TAS, TOS, and OSI. The level of ADAMTS5 in maternal serum of patients with GDM were significantly lower than the controls (p = .017); whereas TOS and OSI levels were significantly higher (p = .003 and p = .008). Multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed ADAMTS5 and TOS levels were independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes (p = .004 and p = .018). We found that serum ADAMTS5 levels decreased and TOS level increased in GDM pregnant at 24-28th gestational weeks. In addition, we found that increased levels of serum ADAMTS5 and decreased TOS levels at 24-28th weeks were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes independent of the mode of treatment in GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. The insulin resistance, which starts at the 24-28th gestational weeks, increases during gestation. GDM increases maternal complications like preeclampsia, cesarean rate, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes after pregnancy; and neonatal complications like macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, delivery trauma, shoulder dystocia, and adult-onset obesity, and diabetes.What the results of this study add? A significant relationship between ADAMTS5, TOS levels and adverse perinatal outcome. insulin resistance and was observed.What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Based on this finding, we concluded that increased levels of oxidative stress and decreased ADAMTS5 levels are associated with GDM and predictive for adverse perinatal outcomes. The results of the present study were consistent with the previous reports and indicated that increased oxidative stress in GDM patients are related to adverse perinatal outcomes.
The fidgety fetus hypothesis: fetal activity is an additional variable in determining birth weight of offspring of women with diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether some offspring of women with diabetes are intrinsically more active than others in utero and whether those who are active are able to normalize their birth weight despite maternal hyperglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a three-phase study to view the relationship between fetal movements and subsequent birth weight in women with diabetes. Phase I was designed to assess maternal perception of fetal movements in a population of 10 women with diabetes. To improve our fetal monitoring techniques, in phase II we analyzed fetal movements using the Card Guard home fetal monitoring device (CG 900P) in a population of 13 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To apply our observations of fetal movements to a larger population, during phase III we conducted a retrospective analysis of fetal monitoring strips (HP 8041A) from 46 women with GDM to examine the relationship between fetal heart rate (FHR) accelerations and percentile birth weight, corrected for gestational age. RESULTS: Phase I confirmed that there is little variability in fetal movements (i.e., fetal kicks did not significantly deviate from one another on a day-to-day basis). In phase II, the fetal monitoring strips illustrated that the active fetuses (defined as > or = 4 FHR accelerations in a 20-min period) were always active, and the inactive fetuses were always inactive. The mean birth weight percentile, corrected for gestational age, in the active group was 37 vs. 63% in the inactive group (P = 0.05). In phase III, the fetal monitoring strips showed an inverse correlation between the mean number of FHR accelerations and the birth weight of the fetus, corrected for gestational age. The mean birth weight percentile in the active group was 37 vs. 62% in the inactive group (P = 0.0017). CONCLUSIONS: The fetus appears to play a role in determining its own destiny. Increased fetal activity may minimize the impact of hyperglycemia on subsequent birth weight. The inactive fetus appears to be at a higher risk for glucose-mediated macrosomia.
Risk of major congenital heart disease in pregestational maternal diabetes is modified by hemoglobin A1c.; OBJECTIVES: The association between pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM) and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) is well recognized; however, the importance of glycemic control and other coexisting risk factors during pregnancy is less clear. We sought to determine the relative risk (RR) of major CHD (mCHD) among offspring from pregnancies complicated by PDM and the effect of first-trimester glycemic control on mCHD risk. METHODS: We determined the incidence of mCHD (requiring surgery within 1 year of birth or resulting in pregnancy termination or fetal demise) among registered births in Alberta, Canada. Linkage of diabetes status, maximum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at < 16 weeks' gestation and other covariates was performed using data from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry. Risk of mCHD according to HbA1c was estimated as an adjusted RR (aRR), calculated using log-binomial modeling. RESULTS: Of 1412 cases of mCHD in 594 773 (2.37/1000) births in the study period, mCHD was present in 48/7497 with PDM (6.4/1000; RR, 2.8 (95% CI, 2.1-3.7); P < 0.0001). In the entire cohort, increased maternal age (aRR, 1.03 (95% CI, 1.02-1.04); P < 0.0001) and multiple gestation (aRR, 1.37 (95% CI, 1.1-1.8); P = 0.02) were also associated with mCHD risk, whereas maternal prepregnancy weight > 91 kg was not. The stratified risk for mCHD associated with HbA1c ≤ 6.1%, > 6.1-8.0% and > 8.0% was 4.2/1000, 6.8/1000 and 17.1/1000 PDM/gestational diabetes mellitus births, respectively; the aRR of mCHD associated with PDM and HbA1c > 8.0% was 8.5 (95% CI, 5.0-14.4) compared to those without diabetes and 5.5 (95% CI, 1.6-19.4) compared to PDM with normal HbA1c (≤ 6.1%). CONCLUSIONS: PDM is associated with a RR of 2.8 for mCHD, increasing to 8.5 in those with HbA1c > 8%. These data should facilitate refinement of referral indications for high-risk pregnancy screening. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to compare the serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women, and to evaluate the association between hormonal and metabolic parameters. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A total of 82 pregnant women were consecutively enrolled in the study. Of these, 46 were diagnosed as having GDM; the remaining 36 healthy pregnant women served as controls in a cross-sectional study design. The womens' ages ranged from 22 to 38 years and gestational ages, from 24 to 28 weeks. Serum samples were analyzed for FGF23 levels using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Serum FGF23 levels were increased in patients with GDM compared with controls (median, 65.3 for patients with GDM vs. 36.6 ng/mL for healthy controls; p = 0.019). Mean fasting glucose (105.6 ± 7.4 vs. 70.2 ± 7.2 mg/dL, p < 0.001), HbA1c (5.6 ± 0.5 vs. 4.9 ± 0.5%, p < 0.001), insulin (median, 11.1 vs. 8.7 µIU/mL, p = 0.006) and HOMA-IR (3.0 (1.8) vs 1.4 (0.6), p < 0.001) levels were significantly higher in patients with GDM than in controls. Serum FGF23 level was positively correlated with body mass index (r2 = 0.346, p < 0.05), FPG (r2 = 0.264, p < 0.05), insulin (r2 = 0.388, p < 0.05), HOMA-IR (r2 = 0.384, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Serum FGF23 levels were higher in women with GDM compared with controls. The present findings suggest that FGF23 could be a useful marker of cardiovascular disease in GDM.
Cardiovascular prevention in women: a narrative review from the Italian Society of Cardiology working groups on 'Cardiovascular Prevention, Hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'Women Disease'.; : Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women.Some authors highlighted that the female risk profile consists of traditional and emerging risk factors. Despite the lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes, years of life lost owing to the disease for women are substantially higher compared with men. In addition, pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes represents a risk factor for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes have a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease that occur at a younger age and are independent of T2DM.Hypertension is an important cardiovascular risk factor in women. Estrogens and progesterone, known to have an impact on blood pressure levels, have also been proposed to be protective against sleep-disordered breathing. It is very difficult to understand whereas obstructive sleep apnea in women is independently associated with hypertension or if many confounders acting at different stages of the woman lifespan mediate this relation.The cardioprotective effect of physical activity in women of all ages is well known. Women are generally more physically inactive than men. During and after menopause, most women tend to reduce their physical activity levels and together with the reduction in basal metabolic rate, women experience loss of skeletal muscle mass with a negative change in the ratio of fat-to-lean mass.In conclusion, sex differences in the cardiovascular system are because of dissimilarities in gene expression and sex hormones; these result in variations in prevalence and presentation of CVD and associated conditions, such as diabetes, hypertension and vascular and cardiac remodeling.Changes in lifestyle and increase in physical activity could help in prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
First-trimester predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes-a base for implementation of strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease development.; INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to establish efficient, cost-effective, and early predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes based on the combinations of a minimum number of miRNA biomarkers, whose altered expression was observed in specific pregnancy-related complications and selected maternal clinical characteristics. METHODS: This retrospective study included singleton pregnancies with gestational hypertension (GH, n = 83), preeclampsia (PE, n = 66), HELLP syndrome (n = 14), fetal growth restriction (FGR, n = 82), small for gestational age (SGA, n = 37), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, n = 121), preterm birth in the absence of other complications (n = 106), late miscarriage (n = 34), stillbirth (n = 24), and 80 normal term pregnancies. MiRNA gene expression profiling was performed on the whole peripheral venous blood samples collected between 10 and 13 weeks of gestation using real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). RESULTS: Most pregnancies with adverse outcomes were identified using the proposed approach (the combinations of selected miRNAs and appropriate maternal clinical characteristics) (GH, 69.88%; PE, 83.33%; HELLP, 92.86%; FGR, 73.17%; SGA, 81.08%; GDM on therapy, 89.47%; and late miscarriage, 84.85%). In the case of stillbirth, no addition of maternal clinical characteristics to the predictive model was necessary because a high detection rate was achieved by a combination of miRNA biomarkers only [91.67% cases at 10.0% false positive rate (FPR)]. CONCLUSION: The proposed models based on the combinations of selected cardiovascular disease-associated miRNAs and maternal clinical variables have a high predictive potential for identifying women at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; this can be incorporated into routine first-trimester screening programs. Preventive programs can be initiated based on these models to lower cardiovascular risk and prevent the development of metabolic/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases because timely implementation of beneficial lifestyle strategies may reverse the dysregulation of miRNAs maintaining and controlling the cardiovascular system.
EMS Diabetic Protocols For Treat and Release.; For prehospital providers, there are several causes for the patient with altered mental status or being unconscious to include the mnemonic AEIOU TIPS for Alcohol and acidosis, Endocrine, Epilepsy, Electrolytes, Encephalopathy, Infection, Opiates, Overdose, Uremia, Underdose, Trauma (head injury and blood loss), Insulin, Poisoning, Psychosis, Stroke, Seizure, and Syncope. Hypoglycemia, or low blood glucose level, is one of the most common causes of altered mental status for patients with and without diabetes. Estimates are that 1 to 2 percent of prehospital encounters and 7% of refusals are for hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus often referred to as "diabetes" or "sugar" by laypeople is the most common endocrine disorder where the body does not either produce enough insulin or has a resistance to the circulating insulin, and is characterized by high blood sugar levels over prolonged periods. The three main types of diabetes are type I (previously referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or juvenile-onset), type II (formerly referred to as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset) and gestational. Insulin is an anabolic hormone produced in the beta cells of the pancreatic islets. The primary function of insulin is to regulate the metabolism of carbohydrates, protein, and fat through the absorption of glucose sugar from the blood into the liver, fat, and skeletal muscle cells. These small glucose molecules are then converted into larger molecules and stored for later usage.  Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) This condition is commonly referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes or previously as childhood/adolescent-onset diabetes. It accounts for approximately 5% to 10% of all cases of diabetes. It can be related to the autoimmune destruction of insulin-producing beta cells in the islets of the pancreas from different causes, including genetic susceptivity, viral illness, toxins or alcohol-induced pancreatitis, or some dietary factors.  The age group affected is usually children and adolescents, but adults can develop T1DM.  As the name "insulin-dependent" implies, it requires the administration of subcutaneous insulin via intermittent injections or pump infusion. Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) This variant is commonly referred to as non-insulin diabetes or previously as adult-onset diabetes.  It accounts for approximately 90% of all cases of diabetes.  It is related to the desensitization of insulin/insulin resistance (response to insulin becomes diminished) in various tissues. Initially, there is an increase in insulin production, but this decreases over time. T2DM most commonly presents in persons older than 45 years, but it increasingly occurs in children, adolescents, and younger adults due to rising levels of obesity, physical inactivity, and energy-dense diets. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Hyperglycemia first detected during pregnancy is classified as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Although it can occur anytime during pregnancy, GDM generally affects pregnant women during the second and third trimesters. According to the American Diabetes Association (ADA), GDM complicates 7% of all pregnancies. Women with GDM and their offspring have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in the future.  Types of Therapies Therapy for hyperglycemia is dependant upon how much insulin the body is producing, or how well that insulin that is produced is working.  The majority of patients with T2DM will be on an oral type of medication.  Patients with T1DM will be on a combination of either long-acting insulin with short-acting as a sliding scale, intermediate-acting insulin with short-acting insulin as a sliding scale, combination premixed insulin, or be on an insulin pump. Hypoglycemia  One of the public health concerns for diabetes mellitus and unintended complications for the reduction in blood glucose levels is hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia, by definition, is a plasma glucose concentration below 70 mg/dL, with most patients not having signs or symptoms until the plasma glucose concentrations drop below 55 mg/dL. Low plasma glucose concentration that requires assistance from another individual qualifies as severe hypoglycemia, and by context, all EMS encounters fall into this category.  There has been an increase in morbidity (poor quality of life, series falls or car accidents, dementia, and hospitalization) and mortality related to severe hypoglycemia.  Based upon 2015 data from NEMSIS, prehospital activation for diabetes-related cases accounts for about 2.3% of all activations, with the primary EMS encounter being hypoglycemia. Patients experiencing severe hypoglycemia or other diabetes-related concerns typically reach out for help by calling 911 who may dispatch a fire department or EMS agency depending on the jurisdiction. Care is then provided by the first on scene provider who may be an emergency medical technician (EMT) intermediate or advanced emergency medical technician (IEMT or AEMT) or paramedic. Treat and release versus transport of patients with hypoglycemia by EMS providers depends on the clinical guidelines or protocols from either the state or regional level by medical directors. It is important to understand that patients with severe hypoglycemia are at a higher risk of having complications related to the hypoglycemic state.  Villani et al. indicated that approximately 50% of patients with severe hypoglycemia required transport to the hospital, and of that group, 41.3% were admitted to the hospital.  One of the first studies on the topic of treating and releasing hypoglycemic patients in the field was "Development and Evaluation of Criteria Allowing Paramedics to Treat and Release Patients Presenting with Hypoglycemia: A Retrospective Study" published in Prehospital and Disaster Medicine in 1991. Their study design proposed five criteria that would allow for appropriate release that would not require additional treatment from prehospital providers to include: 1. The patient has a history of type 1 or type 2 diabetes. 2. Blood sugar prior to treatment is below 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 3. Blood sugar after treatment is equal to or greater than 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 4. The patient has a normal mental status within 10 minutes of treatment. . 5. The patient does not have any other complicating factors that required ED evaluation to such alcohol, chest pain, dyspnea, injuries related to falls, and/or renal dialysis. A 2016 study by Rostykus et al. reviewed prehospital clinical guidelines for hypoglycemia in 185 EMS agencies in the United States.  It revealed that less than half allowed for non-transport of patients with hypoglycemia after the low plasma glucose level was corrected. A study by Moffet et al. looked at hypoglycemic patients treated by EMS in Alameda County from 2013 to 2015 and found that the transport rate was 13.5%. The demographic trends for those non-transported patients were adult patients < 60 years of age, males, finger stick blood glucose levels > 60 mg/dl, and EMS arrival times between 1800 and 0600.
Effectiveness of a nurse practitioner-led cardiovascular prevention clinic at reduction of metabolic syndrome following maternal complications of pregnancy: a preliminary analysis.; AIM: Maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with increased risk of future cardiometabolic disease. Lifestyle interventions that focus on preventative strategies for this young, high-risk population of women may assist in cardiometabolic disease risk reduction. The aim of this preliminary registry analysis was to observe the change in maternal metabolic syndrome status after receiving a nurse practitioner-led lifestyle intervention delivered soon after a complicated pregnancy. METHOD: This preliminary analysis included 64 eligible women who had attended both baseline (approximately 6 months postpartum) and review (approximately eighteen months postpartum) appointments at the postpartum lifestyle clinic after an index pregnancy complicated by at least one maternal complication of pregnancy. Metabolic syndrome status at both appointments was assessed. RESULTS: At the baseline appointment, 22 (34.4%) women met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. This number reduced at the review appointment to 19 (29.7%). This difference was not statistically significant. There were some modest improvements in the individual cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as marked improvements in the women who had recovered from metabolic syndrome over twelve months. CONCLUSION: There was a high percentage of metabolic syndrome present early in the postpartum period. The results of this preliminary analysis highlight the importance of continuing preventative care and ongoing research for this group of high-risk women.
Gestational diabetes triggers postpartum cardiac hypertrophy via activation of calcineurin/NFAT signaling.; Population-based studies identified an association between a prior pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiac hypertrophy and dysfunction later in life. It is however unclear whether GDM initiates this phenotype and what are the underlying mechanisms. We addressed these questions by using female rats that express human amylin (HIP rats) as a GDM model and their wild-type (WT) littermates as the normal pregnancy model. Pregnant and two months postpartum HIP females had increased left-ventricular mass and wall thickness compared to non-pregnant HIP females, which indicates the presence of concentric hypertrophy. These parameters were unchanged in WT females during both pregnancy and postpartum periods. Hypertrophic Ca(2+)-dependent calcineurin/NFAT signaling was stimulated two months after giving birth in HIP females but not in the WT. In contrast, the CaMKII/HDAC hypertrophy pathway was active immediately after giving birth and returned to the baseline by two months postpartum in both WT and HIP females. Myocytes from two months postpartum HIP females exhibited slower Ca(2+) transient relaxation and higher diastolic Ca(2+) levels, which may explain calcineurin activation. No such effects occurred in the WT. These results suggest that a GDM-complicated pregnancy accelerates the development of pathological cardiac remodeling likely through activation of calcineurin/NFAT signaling.
An Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention during Pregnancy Reduces Metabolic Syndrome and Glucose Dysregulation Rates at 3 Years Postpartum.; A Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based intervention reduces the rate of immediate postpartum maternal metabolic disorders. Whether these effects persist long-term remains to be determined. A total of 2526 normoglycemic women were randomized before the 12th gestational week (GW). IG women followed a MedDiet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (>40 mL/day) and a handful of nuts daily, whereas CG women had to restrict all kinds of dietary fat. At 3 months postpartum, a motivational lifestyle interview was held. The endpoint of the study evaluated the rate of abnormal glucose regulation (AGR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum in women of the San Carlos cohort. A total of 369/625 (59%) CG women and 1031/1603 (64.3%) IG women were finally analyzed. At 3 months and 3 years postdelivery, the IG women showed higher adherence to the MedDiet, which was associated with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and lipid and glycemic profiles. Body weight change and waist circumference were lower in the IG women. After applying multiple regression analysis, the ORs (95%CI) resulted in AGR (3.18 (2.48-4.08); p < 0.001)/MetS (3.79 (1.81-7.95); p = 0.001) for women with GDM and higher OR for development of MetS in CG women (3.73 (1.77-7.87); p = 0.001). A MedDiet-based intervention early in pregnancy demonstrated persistent beneficial effects on AGR and MetS rates at 3 years postpartum.
[Placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes itself causes hyperstimulation of adipose tissue and of the placenta cells increasing the production of inflammatory cytokines, which cause changes in the tissues exposed such as the placenta and foetus. Therefore, the objective of this study was to compare metabolic markers and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood, as well as to determine the presence of atherosclerosis in the placentas of newborn infants of patients with gestational diabetes and in patients with normally progressing pregnancies. PATIENTS AND METHOD: An analytical cross-sectional study was carried out in 84 patients, obtaining data such as age, smoking and weight gain in pregnancy; the gestational age of the newborns was determined by Capurro, and their weight and destination subsequent to birth, the placentas were also collected in order to look for atherosclerosis through histological studies and glucose, insulin, VLDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides, cholesterol, fibrinogen, PCR and markers of endothelial dysfunction (adiponectin, VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and IL-6) were determined in blood samples obtained from the umbilical cord. RESULTS: Placental atherosclerosis presented in 28.94% of the group with gestational diabetes compared to 10.52% of the group with normally progressing pregnancies (P=.044); differences were found in glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, HOMA-IR, PCR-us, HDL-C, not in VLDL-C. Twenty-one point five percent of the newborns of the gestational diabetes patients required hospitalization, against 5.2% in the control group, CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies that involve diabetes have higher proportion of atherosclerosis, hospitalization of the newborn, insulin resistance, as well as elevation of markers associated with inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood.
Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Novel and Traditional Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women. The ANCORS-YW Study.; BACKGROUND: There is paucity of data on the prevalence of novel and traditional cardiovascular risk factors in young women with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in the Middle East. We sought to evaluate clinical profiles and prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors in Middle Eastern young women with ASCVD compared with age-matched controls. METHODS: Women 18-50 years of age who have ASCVD were enrolled and each was aged-matched with two women with no ASCVD. Prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors was compared in the two groups. Multivariable analyzes examined the independent association of 16 factors with ASCVD. RESULTS: Of 627 young women enrolled mean age 44.1 ± 5.2 years; 209 had ASCVD and 418 served as controls. Women with ASCVD had significantly higher prevalence of five of the studied traditional risk factors (hypertension, type 2 diabetes [T2D], smoking, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum levels, and family history of premature ASCVD [FHx]) than women with no ASCVD. Additionally, of the 11 novel and psychosocial risk factors studied, four showed significantly higher prevalence in young women with ASCVD (preterm delivery, hypertensive disease of pregnancy gestational diabetes, and low level of education). Multivariable analyzes showed hypertension, T2D, smoking, FHx, persistent weight gain after pregnancy and low level of education were independently associated with ASCVD. CONCLUSIONS: In this study of young Middle Eastern women; traditional risk factors as well as persistent weight gain after pregnancy were more prevalent in women with ASCVD compared with controls.The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, unique identifier number NCT04975503.
Higher O-GlcNAc Levels Are Associated with Defects in Progenitor Proliferation and Premature Neuronal Differentiation during in-Vitro Human Embryonic Cortical Neurogenesis.; The nutrient responsive O-GlcNAcylation is a dynamic post-translational protein modification found on several nucleocytoplasmic proteins. Previous studies have suggested that hyperglycemia induces the levels of total O-GlcNAcylation inside the cells. Hyperglycemia mediated increase in protein O-GlcNAcylation has been shown to be responsible for various pathologies including insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease. Since maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy is associated with adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in the offspring, it is intriguing to identify the effect of increased protein O-GlcNAcylation on embryonic neurogenesis. Herein using human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) as model, we show that increased levels of total O-GlcNAc is associated with decreased neural progenitor proliferation and premature differentiation of cortical neurons, reduced AKT phosphorylation, increased apoptosis and defects in the expression of various regulators of embryonic corticogenesis. As defects in proliferation and differentiation during neurodevelopment are common features of various neurodevelopmental disorders, increased O-GlcNAcylation could be one mechanism responsible for defective neurodevelopmental outcomes in metabolically compromised pregnancies such as diabetes.
The cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal and neonatal effects of CPAP use in pregnant women: a systematic review.; Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), but its outcomes for the pregnant are still undefined. This study aims to review current CPAP intervention during pregnancy, discuss published trials, and propose relevant issues that have yet to be addressed satisfactorily about the cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal, and neonatal effects of CPAP treatment during gestation. Two authors independently conducted a systematic review until March 28th, 2021 on PubMed, BVS, and Cochrane Library, using PRISMA guidelines, and risk of bias. Discrepancies were reconciled by a third reviewer. Of 59 identified citations, eight original trials have submitted a total of 90 pregnant women to polysomnography and CPAP therapy. Four studies performed in samples with hypertension or preeclampsia presented blood pressure decrease or maintained the antihypertensive drug dose in the CPAP group. After CPAP utilization, one trial registered cardiac output and stroke volume increase with heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance decrease, which were correlated with birth weight increment. Others documented a higher Apgar in the CPAP group and more fetal movements during CPAP use. There was a reduction in serum uric acid and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the CPAP groups whose blood pressure decreased. However, two weeks of CPAP use in women with gestational diabetes and OSA did not improve glucose levels but raised the insulin secretion in those adherents to CPAP. Despite these positive results without adverse effects, randomized controlled trials with standardized follow-up in larger populations are required to determine CPAP therapy recommendations in pregnancy.
GSK3β and MCL-1 mediate cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. Our previous results indicated that a decrease in myocardial cells and an increase in apoptotic cells leads to heart defects under hyperglycemia, but much work remains to elucidate this important mechanism of myocardial cell apoptosis induced by high glucose (HG). In this study, we found that a decrease in GSK3β phosphorylation on Ser9 occurred concomitantly with HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. Decreases in GSK3β (Ser9) phosphorylation in response to HG were remarkably restored after treatment with SC79, an activator of the Akt signaling pathway. SB216763, an effective inhibitor of the GSK3β signaling pathway, suppressed HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Further studies showed a decrease in the expression of the anti-apoptotic protein MCL-1 was associated with GSK3β-mediated apoptosis. MCL-1 overexpression partly inhibits HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Herein, this study revealed the roles of GSK3β and MCL-1 in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced abnormalities.
[Healthcare networks: involvement of various healthcare professionals].; Diabetes is a very representative model of chronic disease requiring a partnership between various healthcare professionals. The organisation of healthcare networks allows a global care improvement. For the "Midi-Pyrénées" area, the diabetes network associates physicians and other healthcare professionals, working in their private - practice or in clinics or hospitals. The priority of this network was to develop therapeutic patient education, outdoors and indoors. The use of a specific communication system will be unavoidable, as a basis for medical files, evaluation, and permanent updates for the network members. Current projects concern a regional organization for chronic foot ulcers care, coronary heart disease and diabetes during pregnancy. These various care domains suppose the collaboration with other regional networks.
Pregnancy risks associated with obesity.; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of pregnant women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with numerous poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, postterm pregnancy, and increased rates of cesarean delivery. Many of these complications have been found to increase even further with increasing body mass index in a dose-response fashion. In this review, the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes is discussed as are the recommendations for caring for the obese gravida.
Maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) affect 5%-10% of pregnancies and have been associated with excess maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The primary aim of this study was to reliably estimate absolute and relative risks of CVD after HDP. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of women who had singleton pregnancies in New South Wales, Australia, between 2002 and 2016 and identified using linked population health administrative databases. The primary exposure was new-onset HDP (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension), and the endpoint was hospitalisation or death due to ischaemic or hypertensive heart disease, or stroke. Kaplan-Meier analysis estimated risks among mothers following their first birth, and multivariable time-dependent Cox regression estimated the association between HDP and CVD. RESULTS: Among 528 106 women, 10.3% experienced HDP in their first pregnancy. The 10-year estimated risk of CVD was 2.1 per 1000 if no HDP and 5.5 per 1000 following HDP. Adjusting for demographics, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age and preterm birth, we found that there was an interaction between smoking and HDP, and a larger effect of early-onset (<34 weeks) HDP, compared with late-onset HDP. The HR for women with early-onset HDP who did not smoke was 4.90 (95% CI 3.00 to 7.80) and the HR for those who did smoke was 23.5 (95% CI 13.5 to 40.5), each compared with women without HDP who did not smoke. CONCLUSION: In this nationally representative Australian cohort, HDP, especially early onset, conferred a clear increase in the risk of CVD, with amplification by smoking. Targeted preventive health, during and after pregnancy, could prevent a substantial burden of CVD among childbearing women.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in cases involving extremely young maternal age.; OBJECTIVE: To assess pregnancy outcomes among adolescent girls 16 years old or younger and their newborns. METHODS: A cohort study was carried out at Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand, using completed charts for 1061 girls aged 16 years or younger (study group) and 1100 women aged 20 to 29 years (reference group) delivered at that hospital between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2010. Demographic data, maternal laboratory investigations, maternal complications, placental complications, medications administered in hospital, and neonatal outcomes were recorded. RESULTS: Anemia (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; confidence interval [CI], 1.52-2.26); heart disease (OR, 0.38; CI 0.15-0.90), thyroid disorder (OR, 0.054; CI, 0.01-0.40), pulmonary disease (OR, 0.89; CI, 0.41-1.93); medical and obstetrics complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.04; CI, 0.01-0.29), placenta previa (OR 1.04, CI 0.06-16.60), preterm labor (OR, 1.98; CI, 1.55-2.53), as well as mean neonatal weight (2830.77 ± 81.31 g and 3038.53 ± 482.23 g; P=0.001) were different in the 2 groups and the differences were statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes were common in the study group. Extensive education about contraception and safe sex on the one hand, and an effective care plan if pregnancy occurs, should be provided to teenage girls to reduce these poor outcomes.
Segmentation and classification in MRI and US fetal imaging: Recent trends and future prospects.; Fetal imaging is a burgeoning topic. New advancements in both magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound currently allow doctors to diagnose fetal structural abnormalities such as those involved in twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, pulmonary sequestration and hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, diaphragmatic hernia, ventriculomegaly, etc. Considering the continued breakthroughs in utero image analysis and (3D) reconstruction models, it is now possible to gain more insight into the ongoing development of the fetus. Best prenatal diagnosis performances rely on the conscious preparation of the clinicians in terms of fetal anatomy knowledge. Therefore, fetal imaging will likely span and increase its prevalence in the forthcoming years. This review covers state-of-the-art segmentation and classification methodologies for the whole fetus and, more specifically, the fetal brain, lungs, liver, heart and placenta in magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound for the first time. Potential applications of the aforementioned methods into clinical settings are also inspected. Finally, improvements in existing approaches as well as most promising avenues to new areas of research are briefly outlined.
An Enhanced Postpartum Transition Program to Primary Care.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease, yet few individuals receive postpartum care with primary care clinicians (PCP). To facilitate transitions of care to PCPs and improve cardiovascular health monitoring within the first 13 months postpartum, we developed and piloted an enhanced postpartum referral pathway for patients with GDM or HDP. Methods: Eligible patients included those who received perinatal care at a large, urban, academic medical center, experienced GDM or HDP during their most recent pregnancy, and lacked an existing PCP. Resident, faculty, and advanced practitioners referred patients during antenatal, delivery-related, or postpartum visits. A dedicated scheduler contacted patients to schedule an appointment with a women's health-focused resident or faculty PCP. The percent of patients who attended a postpartum PCP visit, who had an HbA1c and cholesterol panel checked within the first 13 months postpartum, were compared between patients referred and not referred to the program using adjusted odds ratios (aOR). Results: Of 129 individuals referred, 48.1% attended a PCP visit, 31.8% completed cholesterol screening, and 41.9% completed HbA1c screening within 13 months postpartum. After adjusting for age, parity, insurance, and referral indication, referred individuals had greater odds for each outcome (PCP visit: aOR = 6.0, 95% CI 4.0-9.0; cholesterol: aOR = 2.4, 95% 1.6-3.9; HbA1c: aOR = 2.5, 95% CI 1.7-3.7) compared with nonreferred individuals in the same time period. Discussion: A enhanced postpartum PCP referral pathway pilot for birthing individuals was associated with improved follow-up in the first year postpartum.
Markers of Cardiovascular Risk Associated with Pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of the review is to summarize the unique cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors encountered during pregnancy and to provide the reader with a framework for acquiring a comprehensive obstetric history during the cardiovascular (CV) assessment of women. RECENT FINDINGS: Individuals with a history of pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, low birth weight, and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy are at a higher risk of developing short- and long-term CV complications compared to those without adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Women with a history of APOs can be at increased risk of CVD even after achieving normoglycemia and normal blood pressure control postpartum. Risk assessment and stratification in women must account for these APOs as recommended by the 2019 American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association (AHA) guideline on the primary prevention of CVD. Early recognition, monitoring, and treatment of APOs are key to limiting CVD complications late in maternal life. Recognition of APOs as female-specific cardiovascular risk factors is critical for risk stratification for women and birthing persons. Further research is needed to understand the complex interplay between genetics, environmental, behavioral, and maternal vascular health, and the association between APOs and CVD risk.
Prevalence and adverse perinatal outcomes of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province, China.; BACKGROUND: Anaemia in pregnancy is one of the most frequent complications related to pregnancy and is a public health concern. This article examines the prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy and the associations between anaemia and adverse perinatal outcomes in Hebei Province, China. METHODS: We used SPSS software to describe the incidence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province and analysed the clinical characteristics in anaemic patients and the relationship between anaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy was 35.0% in Hebei Province. The prevalence of anaemia in the population with a high education level was lower than that in the population with a low education level. The incidence rate in rural areas was higher than that in urban areas. After adjustment for confounding factors, anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is an independent risk factor in terms of placenta previa, placental abruption, uterine atony, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, heart disease, postpartum haemorrhage, premature birth, laceration of birth canal, puerperal infection, caesarean section and large for gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. A comprehensive approach to prevent anaemia is needed to improve maternal and child health outcomes.
Subclinical Decrease in Myocardial Function in Asymptomatic Infants of Diabetic Mothers: A Tissue Doppler Study.; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are recognized to have impaired myocardial performance, but less is known about ventricular function in IDMs without hypertrophy. We hypothesized that in asymptomatic newborns with normal two-dimensional echocardiographic evaluations, pulsed wave tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) would suggest a subclinical decrease in the cardiac function of IDMs compared to infants of non-diabetics (nIDMs). This is a retrospective cohort study of asymptomatic neonates ≥36 weeks gestation, at 0-7 days of life, with normal standard echocardiograms. Systolic (S'), early diastolic (E'), and late diastolic (A') TDI velocities were measured at the mitral valve (MV) annulus, basal interventricular septum (IVS), and tricuspid valve (TV) annulus, and averaged from three consecutive cardiac cycles. Demographic, perinatal, and echocardiographic variables were compared between IDM and nIDM groups. Of 631 subjects, 75 IDMs were identified. The mean gestational age of the entire cohort was 39.33 weeks (±1.26), birth weight 3.44 kg (±0.56), and body surface area (BSA) 0.21 m(2) (±0.02). IDMs had significantly greater birth weight and BSA, lower gestational age, older maternal age, and higher incidence of maternal obesity and hypertension than nIDMs (p < 0.001). On multivariable analysis, IDMs had significantly lower S' (p ≤ 0.03) and E' (p < 0.001) velocities, and higher E/E' ratios (p < 0.001) at the MV, IVS, and TV than nIDMs. In asymptomatic newborn IDMs without cardiac hypertrophy, pulsed wave TDI suggests a subclinical decrease in systolic and diastolic myocardial function compared to nIDMs.
Low circulating pentraxin 3 levels in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes and increased apoB/apoA ratio: a 5-year follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Pentraxin 3 (PTX3) is an essential component of innate immunity and independently associated with the risk of developing vascular events. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma PTX3 in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting PTX3 levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. RESULTS: PTX3 levels were lower early in pregnancy and at 5 years follow-up in women who developed GDM. PTX3 levels throughout pregnancy were associated with body mass index. Low PTX3 levels in early pregnancy were predictive of an increased apoB/apoA ratio at 5-year follow-up. PTX3 at 5-year follow-up was inversely correlated with multiple metabolic risk factors for CVD, including body composition, arterial stiffness, dyslipidemia and previous GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that low plasma concentration of PTX3 in early pregnancy is associated with subsequent development of GDM and with an enhanced risk for CVD as estimated by an elevated apoB/apoA ratio at 5 years postpartum.
First Trimester Evaluation of Maternal Visceral Fat and Its Relationship with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Obese women are more likely to experience pregnancy complications. The distribution of fat, and more particularly the rise in visceral fat, is well established to be more closely linked to the onset of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome than obesity itself. We aim to examine the relationship between maternal visceral fat assessment in the first trimester and the appearance of adverse pregnancy outcomes. A prospective cohort study including 416 pregnant women was conducted. During the first trimester scan (11-13 + 6 weeks), all individuals had their visceral fat and subcutaneous thicknesses measured by ultrasonography. Blood samples were obtained, and maternal demographics and clinical information were documented. After delivery, the obstetric outcomes were evaluated. We contrasted two groups: one with healthy pregnancies and the other with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), defined as the development of at least one of the following complications: gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, abnormal fetal growth, preterm delivery or preterm premature rupture of membranes. Median maternal age was 33 and 34 years old for the uncomplicated and adverse pregnancy outcomes groups, respectively. We found that women with adverse pregnancy outcomes had higher VFT (median 30 vs. 26.5 mm, p = 0.001) and SFT (median 18.9 vs. 17.1 mm, p = 0.03). However, the visceral/subcutaneous fat ratio was not statistically different between groups. Finally, we performed a subanalysis for metabolic and placental vascular dysfunction complications. After performing a multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for maternal age, smoking, and mean arterial pressure, both the VFT (aOR 1.03, p < 0.001) and the ratio of visceral/subcutaneous fat (aOR 1.37, p = 0.04) were significantly associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes; however, the associations of VFT and the VFT-to-SFT ratio were higher for the occurrence of gestational diabetes (aOR 1.07, p < 0.001; aOR 2.09, p = 0.001; respectively) and showed no relationships with placental complications. When conducting a first-trimester ultrasound assessment, sonographers may measure VFT without additional time or cost involved. Identification of pregnant women with increased VFT (>37 mm) may benefit from a close follow-up, especially for the development of gestational diabetes, independent of BMI.
Pregnancy-associated stroke and the recurrence of stroke and other complications in subsequent pregnancies: Population-based retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies from women with a previous pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS) in comparison to matched controls. DESIGN: Population-based retrospective cohort study. SETTING AND POPULATION: All women with a PAS in Finland 1987-2016 (n = 235) and controls (n = 694). METHODS: We identified all subsequent deliveries and induced and spontaneous abortions for women with a previous PAS and their matched controls from the Medical Birth Register and the Hospital Discharge Register until 2016. The number, course and outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies were compared. Patient records were studied for PAS recurrence. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: PAS recurrence and pregnancy complications. RESULTS: Women with a previous PAS had fewer subsequent deliveries: 73 (31.1%) women had 122 deliveries in all, whereas 303 (47.3%) of the controls had 442 deliveries (age-adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.54, 95% CI 0.38-0.76). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (17.2% versus 5.7%, age-adjusted OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.7-9.3), especially chronic hypertension (age-adjusted OR 5.9, 95% CI 1.5-24.7), and any diabetes during pregnancy (24.6% versus 14.5%, age-adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1-3.8) were more common in cases. Regarding HDP, the difference between groups was explained by underlying factors such as index pregnancy HDP (multivariable OR 2.4, 95% CI 0.8-6.7). PAS recurred in four cases (5.5%). CONCLUSIONS: Subsequent pregnancies of women with a history of PAS are more often complicated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and any diabetes during pregnancy. PAS recurrence risk is considerable.
Influence of birth weight on fetal cardiac indices at 35-37 weeks' gestation.; OBJECTIVE: Echocardiographic studies have reported that fetuses with low birth weight, compared to those with normal birth weight, have globular hearts and reduced cardiac function. Dichotomizing continuous variables, such as birth weight, may be helpful in describing pathology in small studies but can prevent us from identifying physiological responses in relation to change in size. The aim of this study was to explore associations between fetal cardiac morphology and function and birth weight, as a continuous variable, as well as uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), as an indirect measure of placental perfusion, and the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR), as an indirect measure of fetal oxygenation. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 1498 women with singleton pregnancy undergoing routine ultrasound examination at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. Pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia were excluded from the analysis. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricles. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity indices. In addition, the PI of the UtA, umbilical artery (UA) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) was determined and the CPR was calculated by dividing MCA-PI by UA-PI. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess determinants of fetal echocardiographic parameters. RESULTS: The study population included 146 (9.7%) small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses with birth weight < 10(th) percentile and 68 (4.5%) with fetal growth restriction (FGR). In the SGA and FGR groups, compared to the non-SGA and non-FGR fetuses, respectively, there was a more globular right ventricle and reduced left and right ventricular systolic function, and, from the left ventricular diastolic functional indices, the E/A ratio was increased. There was a linear association of right ventricular sphericity index, indices of left and right ventricular systolic function and E/A ratio with birth-weight Z-score. There were no significant associations between cardiac morphological and functional indices and UtA-PI Z-score or CPR Z-score. CONCLUSIONS: This screening study at 35-37 weeks' gestation has demonstrated that birth weight is a determinant of fetal cardiac morphology and function but UtA-PI and CPR, as indirect measures of placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation, are not. This suggests that the differences in fetal cardiac indices between small and appropriately grown fetuses may be part of a normal physiological response to change in fetal size rather than part of a pathological adaptation to abnormal placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Physiological response during exercise is preserved in children exposed to a suboptimal gestational environment.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigated whether exposure to suboptimal gestational factors (SGFs) alters mechanical efficiency (ME) and substrate oxidation during rest and exercise in children as a mechanism contributing to obesity. METHODS: Data from the Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth cohort were used. Children aged 8 to 10 years performed an incremental maximal cycling test with indirect calorimetry. Their ME was measured during submaximal and maximal effort. The substrate oxidation during rest and submaximal effort was also computed. ME and substrate oxidation results between children exposed to each SGF during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus: n = 68; hypertensive disorders: n = 49; maternal smoking: n = 77) and nonexposed children (n = 370) were compared. RESULTS: No difference was observed for ME during submaximal (F([3,540]) = 0.46, p = 0.713) and maximal effort (F([3,545]) = 0.86, p = 0.463) between exposed and nonexposed children. The percentage contributions of lipids and carbohydrates did not differ during rest (F([3,545]) =1.68, p = 0.169) or submaximal exercise (F([3,544]) = 0.31, p = 0.534) between exposed and nonexposed children. CONCLUSIONS: Children exposed to investigated SGFs display a similar physiological response regarding ME and substrate oxidation during rest and exercise compared to nonexposed children. Future studies should confirm these novel results and continue investigating other research avenues to explain the higher risk of obesity in this population.
[Congenital cardiopathies screening associated with diabetes mellitus using maternal fructosamine plasma concentration].; PURPOSE: to evaluate the importance of maternal plasma concentration of fructosamine as an indicator of fetal congenital cardiopathies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: this was a retrospective study conducted on 91 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus who underwent routine fetal echocardiography at a university reference center in fetal medicine. Sixty-five patientes who presented pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and plasma fructosamine level were registered in the medical records prior to the ultrasound exam. The first measurement recorded was compared with the result of routine fetal echocardiography, carried out by a specialist physician of the service. The presence or absence of echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies (EFCC) was related to plasma levels of fructosamine by the mean t-test and its accuracy for EFCC was verified by the ROC curve. Plsama fructosamine concentrations of 2.68, 2.9 and 2.23 mmol/L, which are, respectively, the local reference laboratory values, the value of the kit employed for measurement and the one of highest overall accuracy, were discussed as the cut-off values. RESULTS: EFCC was found in 52.3% of the fetuses. The first measurement of fructosamine, during the prenatal care period, was performed, on average, at 20.4+/-8.0 weeks of pregnancy. The maternal concentration ability of the fructosamine to identify fetuses with EFCC was significant (p<0.0001) and had an area under the ROC curve of 0.78 (95%CI=0.66-0.89). The 2.9 mmol/L plasma concentration of fructosamine revealed EFCC with better specificity, but with a higher percentage of false-negative results (96.8 and 55.9%). Values above 2.68 mmol/L were associated with a probability of 4.6 to identify fetuses with EFCC compared with lower values, with 58.8% of sensitivity and 87.1%, specificity. The value of 2.23 mmol/L proved to be the most overall accurate of the three values suggested, with a sensitivity of 88.2% in the identification of fetuses with echocardiographic abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS: it is possible to use a second trimester plasma fructosamine level to refer high risk pregnant women to a reference center of fetal echocardiography. These findings are important for the management of women with diabetes mellitus who initiate late prenatal care.
Inflammatory, metabolic, and endothelial biomarkers before and after pregnancy complications.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and preterm birth (PTB) have excess cardiovascular disease compared with those with uncomplicated births, perhaps related to prepregnancy inflammation, dysmetabolism, or endothelial dysfunction. We included 1238 women in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study (1985-2011) with 2215 births classified according to outcomes (term, uncomplicated births were the referent). Using repeated measures analysis of variance, we estimated prepregnancy and postpregnancy biomarkers, as well as biomarker change according to pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for confounders. GDM and term HDP groups had higher prepregnancy high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) (+0.37 [95% CI, 0.08-0.65]; +0.29 [95% CI, 0.04-0.55] log mg/L), higher leptin (+0.29 [95% CI, 0.09-0.50]; +0.37 [95% CI, 0.17-0.56] log ng/ml), and lower adiponectin (-0.25 [95% CI, -0.36 to -0.13); -0.11 [95% CI, -0.22 to -0.01] log ng/ml) values than those with uncomplicated births, and these profiles persisted in magnitude postpregnancy. Controlling for body mass index attenuated most profiles, except that lower prepregnancy adiponectin remained associated with GDM. PTB without HDP or GDM was related to lower prepregnancy hsCRP and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (-0.31 [95% CI, -0.56 to -0.06] log mg/L; -0.05 [95% CI, -0.09 to -0.01] log ng/ml) and a larger leptin increase from before to after pregnancy (+0.20 [95% CI, 0.02-0.37] log ng/ml). Prepregnancy inflammation and metabolic dysfunction contributed to GDM and HDP, perhaps due to higher body mass index. PTB may be related to adverse metabolic changes postpregnancy, although the unexpected endothelial biomarker profile warrants further study.
Maternal hypothyroidism and its effect on placental histopathology in singleton live births resulting from in vitro fertilization treatment.; We aimed to examine the impact of maternal hypothyroidism on placental pathology and perinatal outcomes in singleton live births resulting from IVF, using medical records of IVF births between 2009 and 2017 at a tertiary hospital. The primary outcomes included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. Secondary outcomes included foetal, maternal, perinatal, and delivery complications. There were 1,057 live births, of which 103 (9.7%) and 954 (90.3%) were in the study and control groups, respectively. Patients in the study group were more likely to have diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and non-reassuring foetal heart rate (NRFHR) tracing during delivery. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with the bilobed placenta (aOR 4.1; 95% CI 1.2-14.3), retroplacental haematoma (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.2-4.9), decidual arteriopathy (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2-4.1) and subchorionic thrombi (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.3-5.0). Additionally, there was a statistically significant relationship with NRFHR tracing. The incidence of acute chorioamnionitis and severe foetal inflammatory response was higher in the study group. In conclusion, the placental histopathology patterns of singleton IVF live births show that maternal hypothyroidism has a significant impact on adverse perinatal outcomes.
Abnormal umbilical cord coiling and association with pregnancy factors.; The umbilical cord, as a connecting bridge between two lives, plays an important role in fetal development. Though studies on the umbilical cord date back many years, extensive studies on certain umbilical cord characteristics, such as umbilical cord coiling, are rare. Cord coiling, measured by the umbilical coiling index, is a physiological phenomenon that offers resistance to external pressures. Umbilical cord coiling is a result of several factors, both environmental and genetic. However, umbilical cords sometimes coil abnormally, resulting in hypocoiling, hypercoiling, or non-coiling which have significant associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. An all-language literature search was conducted on Medline from 1970 to 2023. The following search terms were used; umbilical cord; umbilical coiling; coiling index; abnormal coiling; perinatal outcomes, and cross-referencing yielded further information. We comprehensively reviewed the literature on umbilical cord coiling, factors contributing to coiling, abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord, and the association with several factors including maternal age, gravida, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, abruption, birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal iron status, small for gestational age, fetal heart rate variations, ponderal index, and sought possible explanations.
Risk of cardiovascular events after gestational diabetes: a retrospective population study.; AIMS: To investigate whether the risk for post-partum cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is driven by gestational diabetes (GDM), by GDM-related risk factors and/or by pre-gestational (Pre-GD) or post-gestational diabetes (Post-GD). METHODS: Women delivering in Tuscany, Italy in years 2010-2012 (n = 74,720), were identified from certificates of care at delivery and further identified as affected with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD through regional administrative databases. Women with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD were retrospectively evaluated for risk of post-partum hospitalizations for CVD (myocardial infarction or stroke; n = 728) across years 2013-2021, comparing women with different forms of diabetes to those without diabetes. Risk of CVD was assessed as odds ratio (OR 95% CI), after logistic multivariate models, considering all recorded pre-gestational characteristics as covariates. RESULTS: The adjusted OR (aOR) for post-partum CVD hospitalizations was not significantly related to GDM itself (aOR: 0.85; 0.64-1.12; p = ns), but increased in women with Pre-GD (aOR: 2.02; 1.09-3.71; p = 0.024) and Post-GD, associated or not to prior GDM (aOR; 4.21; 2.45-7.23 and respectively aOR: 3.80; 2.38-6.05; p < 0.0001 for both). In presence of pre-pregnancy maternal obesity (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) the aOR of CVD approximatively doubled (aOR: 1.90; 1.51-2.40); p < 0.0001, independently of GDM and of Post-GD. The adjusted risk of CVD was lower among employed women (aOR: 0.83; 0.70-0.99); p = 0.04 and significantly higher in presence of poorer education levels (aOR: 1.32; 1.11-1.57); p < 0.0001. CONCLUSION: In this population the risk of post-partum CVD was driven by Pre- and Post-GD, not by GDM alone. Pre-gestational obesity represented a major independent risk factor for post-partum CVD.
Noncoding RNAs and the control of signalling via nuclear receptor regulation in health and disease.; Nuclear receptors belong to a superfamily of proteins that play central roles in human biology, orchestrating a large variety of biological functions in both health and disease. Understanding the interactions and regulatory pathways of NRs will allow development of potential therapeutic interventions for a multitude of disease processes. Non-coding RNAs have recently been discovered to have significant interactions with NR signalling pathways via a variety of biological connections. This review summarises the known interactions between ncRNAs and the NR superfamily in health, embryogenesis and a plethora of human diseases.
Development, validation, and clinical utility of a risk prediction model for recurrent preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVES: We aim to establish a predictive model for recurrent preeclampsia. METHODS: A retrospective review of medical records from three hospitals between 2010 and 2021 was conducted. The study included women who had two consecutive singleton deliveries at the same hospital, with the first delivery complicated by preeclampsia. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort, and subsequently cross-validated and tested using an independent cohort. The model's performance was assessed in terms of discrimination and calibration, and its clinical utility was evaluated using decision curve analysis (DCA). RESULTS: Among 296 405 deliveries, 694 women met the inclusion criteria, with 151 (21.8%) experiencing recurrent preeclampsia. The predictive model incorporated 10 risk factors from previous preeclampsia, including gestational weeks with elevated blood pressure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pericardial effusion, heart failure, limb edema, serum creatinine, white blood cell count, low platelet counts within one week before delivery, SBP on the first postpartum day, and postpartum antihypertensive use. Additionally, one risk factor from the index pregnancy was included, which was antihypertensive use before 20 weeks. The model demonstrated better discrimination, calibration, and a net benefit across a wide range of recurrent preeclampsia risk thresholds. Furthermore, the model has been translated into a clinical risk calculator, enabling clinicians to calculate individualized risks of recurrent preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates that a predictive tool utilizing routine clinical and laboratory factors can accurately estimate the risk of recurrent preeclampsia. This predictive model has the potential to facilitate shared decision-making by providing personalized and risk-stratified care.
Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women.; Despite an overall reduction in cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in the USA, the rate of coronary heart disease and CVD mortality is on the rise in younger women aged 35 to 54 years. This has been attributed to an increasing prevalence of CVD risk factors, which can portend disparate outcomes in women versus men. Women with diabetes and those who smoke have an excess relative risk of CVD when compared with their male counterparts. In addition to these discrepancies in traditional risk factors, a number of clinical conditions unique to women have been shown to increase CVD risks such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause and autoimmune diseases. The majority of these sex-specific risk factors can be identified at an early age, allowing for aggressive risk factor modification through lifestyle changes and, in certain patients, medications. The recently published 2018 American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) hypercholesterolaemia and 2019 ACC/AHA primary prevention guidelines reflect this, citing pre-eclampsia, early menopause and autoimmune diseases as 'risk enhancers' that if present may favour initiation of statin therapy in borderline or intermediate risk patients. This comprehensive review addresses both traditional and unique risk factors of CVD in women, as well as sex-specific risk stratification and management options.
Sleep Disordered Breathing and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 0.6% to 15% of reproductive-aged women. Because of an overlap in symptoms of SDB and normal pregnancy findings, the diagnosis of SDB in pregnancy is challenging. The repetitive arousals, sleep fragmentation, and hypoxias experienced by patients with SDB lead to an increase in oxidative stress and inflammation. In the nonpregnant population SDB is associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus, heart disease, and stroke. Increasing evidence identifies an association between SDB in pregnancy and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal growth abnormalities.
Stillbirth in women with diabetes: a retrospective analysis of fetal autopsy reports.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased rate of stillbirth. There are a wide variety of factors that have been implicated including placental insufficiency, hypoxia, hyperinsulinemia and impaired cardiac function. Furthermore, there is evidence that diabetic pregnancies have an increased rate of fetal cardiomyopathy as compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. Prior studies have indicated that this association can also be an etiology for diabetic stillbirth. The purpose of this study was to determine if diabetic pregnancies have an increased risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified on fetal autopsy as compared to non-diabetic women with a stillbirth in a cohort of pregnancies that had evaluation with a fetal autopsy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of women with a stillbirth who consented to fetal autopsy at an academic medical center from 2011 to 2017. Stillbirth was defined as an intrauterine fetal demise at ≥20 weeks' gestation. Women with diabetes defined as pre-gestational diabetes type 1, pre-gestational diabetes type 2, and gestational diabetes were compared to women without diabetes. Primary outcome was fetal cardiomyopathy. Other etiologies for stillbirth were also evaluated and classified according to the Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network (SCRN) initial causes of fetal death. Fisher exact test, χ2 test, and Mann Whitney U tests were performed as appropriate, with p < .05 considered significant. Generalized linear models were performed for fetal organ weights controlling for gestational age of delivery, maternal chronic hypertension, delivery body mass index, and birthweight. RESULTS: A total of 78 women elected to have fetal autopsy examinations during the study period. Of these, 75 had complete information available for review. A total of 60 women did not have diabetes and 15 women had diabetes. Of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, 11 had insulin dependent diabetes and 4 had non-insulin dependent diabetes. Fetal cardiomyopathy was diagnosed on autopsy for 7 (46.7%) of pregnancies with diabetes and 2 (3.3% of pregnancies without diabetes (RR 14.00 [95% CI 3.23-60.65], p < .001). These associations were still significant even when analyzing only those pregnancies without fetal congenital heart disease (7 [46.7%] diabetic pregnancies with cardiomyopathy versus 1 [2.0%] nondiabetic pregnancy with cardiomyopathy, RR 23.80 [95% CI 3.17-178.46], p < .001). There was no difference between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies in regards to other causes for stillbirth. Stillbirths in pregnancies with diabetes also had larger fetal heart, liver, and adrenal weights on fetal autopsy. CONCLUSION: Women with diabetes have 14 times the risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified at fetal autopsy as compared to women without diabetes. As the prediction and prevention of diabetic stillbirth is limited, information on potential causes of stillbirth may help future research identify those pregnancies at the greatest risk for adverse outcome.
Racial Disparities in Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes by Maternal Nativity and Length of US Residence in an Urban Low-Income Population in the United States.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Racial/ethnic differences in GDM prevalence have been described, but disparities by nativity and duration of US residence are not well studied. METHODS: We analyzed data from 6088 women (mean age: 27.5 years [standard deviation: 6.3 years]) from the Boston Birth Cohort who self-identified as non-Hispanic Black (NHB; n = 2697), Hispanic (n = 2395), or non-Hispanic White (NHW; n = 996). Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the cross-sectional association of nativity and duration of US residence (< 10 vs ≥ 10 years) with GDM within each race/ethnicity group. RESULTS: Foreign-born NHB, NHW, and Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had a lower prevalence of CVD risk factors than those with US residence of ≥ 10 years, respectively, as follows: smoking (NHB: 1.7% vs 3.1%; NHW: 5.7% vs 8.1%; Hispanic: 0.4% vs 2.6%); obesity (NHB: 17.1% vs 23.4%; NHW: 3.8% vs 15.6%; Hispanic: 10.9% vs 22.7%); and severe stress (NHB: 8.7% vs 11.9%; NHW: 5.7% vs 28.1%; Hispanic: 3.8% vs 7.3%). In analyses adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and CVD risk factors, foreign-born NHB women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had higher odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 1.60, 95% confidence interval: 0.99-2.60), compared with their US-born counterparts, whereas foreign-born Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had lower odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 0.54, 95% confidence interval: 0.32-0.91). The odds of having GDM in Hispanic and NHB women with a duration of US residence of ≥ 10 years were not significantly different from those of their US-born counterparts. CONCLUSIONS: The "healthy immigrant effect" and its waning with longer duration of US residence apply to the prevalence of GDM among Hispanic women but not NHB women. Further research on the intersectionality of race and nativity-based disparities is needed.
Brain responses to food viewing in women during pregnancy and post partum and their relationship with metabolic health: study protocol for the FOODY Brain Study, a prospective observational study.; INTRODUCTION: Food cravings are common in pregnancy and along with emotional eating and eating in the absence of hunger, they are associated with excessive weight gain and adverse effects on metabolic health including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with GDM also show poorer mental health, which further can contribute to dysregulated eating behaviour. Food cravings can lead to greater activity in brain centres known to be involved in food 'wanting' and reward valuation as well as emotional eating. They are also related to gestational weight gain. Thus, there is a great need to link implicit brain responses to food with explicit measures of food intake behaviour, especially in the perinatal period. The aim of this study is to investigate the spatiotemporal brain dynamics to visual presentations of food in women during pregnancy and in the post partum, and link these brain responses to the eating behaviour and metabolic health outcomes in women with and without GDM. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This prospective observational study will include 20 women with and 20 without GDM, that have valid data for the primary outcomes. Data will be assessed at 24-36 weeks gestational age and at 6 months post partum. The primary outcomes are brain responses to food pictures of varying carbohydrate and fat content during pregnancy and in the post partum using electroencephalography. Secondary outcomes including depressive symptoms, current mood and eating behaviours will be assessed with questionnaires, objective eating behaviours will be measured using Auracle and stress will be measured with heart rate and heart rate variability (Actiheart). Other secondary outcome measures include body composition and glycaemic control parameters. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud approved the study protocol (2021-01976). Study results will be presented at public and scientific conferences and in peer-reviewed journals.
Dyslipidemia management in women of reproductive potential: An expert clinical consensus from the national lipid association.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women and its incidence has been increasing recently, particularly among younger women. Across major professional society guidelines, dyslipidemia management remains a central tenet for atherosclerotic CVD prevention for both women and men. Despite this, women, particularly young women, who are candidates for statin therapy are less likely to be treated and less likely to achieve their recommended therapeutic objectives for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Elevated LDL-C and triglycerides are the two most common dyslipidemias that should be addressed during pregnancy due to the increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pre-term delivery, as well as pancreatitis in the presence of severe hypertriglyceridemia. In this National Lipid Association Expert Clinical Consensus, we review the roles of nutrition, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy as strategies to address elevated levels of LDL-C and/or triglycerides among women of reproductive age. We include a special focus on points to consider during the shared decision-making discussion regarding pharmacotherapy for dyslipidemia during preconception planning, pregnancy, and lactation.
Does treatment modality affect measures of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether arterial stiffness (AS) differs between healthy women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) managed by different treatment modalities. METHODS: This was a prospective longitudinal cohort study comparing AS in pregnancies complicated by GDM and low-risk controls. AS was assessed by recording aortic pulse-wave velocity (AoPWV), brachial augmentation index (BrAIx) and aortic augmentation index (AoAIx) using the Arteriograph® at four gestational-age windows: 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks (W1); 28 + 0 to 31 + 6 weeks (W2); 32 + 0 to 35 + 6 weeks (W3) and ≥ 36 + 0 weeks (W4). Women with GDM were considered both as a single group and as subgroups stratified by treatment modality. Data were analyzed using a linear mixed model on each AS variable (log-transformed) with group, gestational-age window, maternal age, ethnicity, parity, body mass index, mean arterial pressure and heart rate as fixed effects and individual as a random effect. We compared the group means including relevant contrasts and adjusted the P-values using Bonferroni correction. RESULTS: The study population comprised 155 low-risk controls and 127 women with GDM, of whom 59 were treated with dietary intervention, 47 were treated with metformin only and 21 were treated with metformin + insulin. The two-way interaction term of study group and gestational age was significant for BrAIx and AoAIx (P < 0.001), but there was no evidence that mean AoPWV was different between the study groups (P = 0.729). Women in the control group demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with the combined GDM group at W1-W3, but not at W4. The mean difference in log-transformed BrAIx was -0.37 (95% CI, -0.52 to -0.22), -0.23 (95% CI, -0.35 to -0.12) and -0.29 (95% CI, -0.40 to -0.18) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. The mean difference in log-transformed AoAIx was -0.49 (95% CI, -0.69 to -0.30), -0.32 (95% CI, -0.47 to -0.18) and -0.38 (95% CI -0.52 to -0.24) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. Similarly, women in the control group also demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with each of the GDM treatment subgroups (diet, metformin only and metformin + insulin) at W1-W3. The increase in mean BrAIx and AoAIx seen between W2 and W3 in women with GDM treated with dietary management was attenuated in the metformin-only and metformin + insulin groups. However, the mean differences in BrAIx and AoAIx between these treatment groups were not statistically significant at any gestational-age window. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by GDM demonstrate significantly higher AS compared with low-risk pregnancies regardless of treatment modality. Our data provide the basis for further investigation into the association of metformin therapy with changes in AS and risk of placenta-mediated diseases. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Maternal Obesity as a Risk Factor for the Development of Total Anomalous Pulmonary Venous Connection in Their Offspring.; The incidence of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) in the Caucasian population is 2.5/100,000 live births (LB), and the incidence in the Hispanic population is 19.8/100,000 LB. Without knowing the exact etiology for the development of congenital heart disease, our objective was to determine the maternal factors associated with the development of TAPVC. METHODS: 55 mother-child binomials with isolated TAPVC (group I) and 152 healthy mother-child binomials (group II) were included. Both groups had no maternal history of addiction, pre-eclampsia, or type 1, 2 or gestational diabetes mellitus. Complete clinical histories were obtained for the women in both groups and perinatal and birth data were recorded. In addition, genealogies across three generations were constructed to determine affected first- or second-degree relatives with complex congenital heart disease. RESULTS: Among the maternal characteristics analyzed, women in group I had a higher number of pregnancies before gestation of the index case (p = <0.05), and the Body Mass Index (BMI) before pregnancy was higher compared to Group II (p < 0.05), with an adjusted risk of OR = 3.6 (p = 0.011). The family history showed a higher prevalence in the group of patients with TAPVC compared to healthy children (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Maternal obesity before pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of CATVP in children in the Mexican population.
Increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic mothers.; Studies were conducted in rats to determine the effect of maternal diabetes and the consequent hyperglycemia on cardiovascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced in pregnant Wistar rats through streptozotocin injection (50 mg/kg). Cardiovascular parameters were measured in 2-mo-old offspring animals of diabetic (OD, n=12) and control rats (OC, n=8). Arterial pressure (AP), heart rate (HR), baroreflex sensitivity, and vascular responsiveness to phenylephrine (PH) and sodium nitroprusside (SN) were measured. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity in heart, kidney, and lung was determined. OD rats exhibited increases in systolic AP (138+/-8 vs. 119+/-6 mmHg, OD vs. OC), with no change in HR (342+/-21 vs. 364+/-39 beats per minute (bpm), OD vs. OC). The reflex tachycardia elicited by SN was reduced in OD rats, as indicated by the slope of the linear regression (-2.2+/-0.4 vs. -3.6+/-0.8 bpm/mmHg, OD vs. OC). Vascular responsiveness to PH was increased 63% in OD rats compared with OC. OD rats showed increases in ACE activity in heart, kidney, and lung (1.13+/-0.24, 3.04+/-0.86, 40.8+/-8.9 vs. 0.73+/-0.19, 1.7+/-0.45, 28.1+/-6 nmol His-Leu.min-1 mg protein-1, OD vs. OC). Results suggest that diabetes during pregnancy affects cardiovascular function in offspring, seen as hypertension, baroreflex dysfunction, and activation of tissue renin-angiotensin system.
Diagnosis and Management of IUGR in Pregnancy Complicated by Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.; This review discusses available literature on the diagnosis and management of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in women with type 1 diabetes. IUGR is diagnosed when ultrasound-estimated fetal weight is below the 10th percentile for gestational age. IUGR diagnosis implies a pathologic process behind low fetal weight. IUGR in pregnancy complicated by type 1 diabetes is usually caused by placental dysfunction related to maternal vasculopathy. Prevention of IUGR should ideally start before pregnancy. Strict glycemic control and intensive treatment of nephropathy and hypertension are essential. Low-dose aspirin initiated before 16 gestational weeks can also reduce IUGR risk in women with vasculopathy. Umbilical and uterine artery Doppler studies can guide diagnosis and surveillance of fetuses with IUGR. Decisions regarding the timing of delivery should be based on assessment of umbilical artery Doppler. The risk of prematurity and impaired fetal lung maturation should always be considered, especially in fetuses younger than 32 weeks.
Pregnancy Reveals Evolving Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease in Women.; Pregnancy serves as a cardiometabolic stressor that may unmask underlying metabolic and vascular abnormalities in an evolving continuum of pathophysiology. In 2011, the American Heart Association indicated that a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes classified a woman as at risk for cardiovascular disease. In this article, we discuss hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women.
Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus and Related Factors in East Gojjam (NW Ethiopia) in 2016: A Community-Based Study.; INTRODUCTION: Currently, diabetes is the second most common non-communicable disease (NCD) in Ethiopia. Its burden is 4.8% in this country, even though three quarter of its population live with undiagnosed diabetes mellitus (DM), which causes complications like heart failure, blood vessels, eyes, kidneys and nerves damages. Early detection of DM is vital for a timely intervention to prevent these life threatening complications. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of undiagnosed DM and related factors in East Gojjam, North West Ethiopia, in 2016. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 757 individuals in East Gojjam from June to September 2016. The sampled population was selected using multi-stage cluster sampling method. Basic data were collected in Amharic (local language) and a pretested interviewer administered the questionnaire. Peripheral blood samples were collected by puncturing the ring finger in order to measure fasting blood glucose. Univarite and multivariate logistic regressions analysis were performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software version 20.0. RESULTS: The percentage of undiagnosed DM in the study area was 11.5% (95%CI=9.2, 13.7). The prevalence was 11.3% among male vs. 11.8% among female; 13.4% in urban areas vs. 10.3% in rural areas. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was mainly associated with older age (AOR=5.99, 95%CI=1.54, 23.24), family history of diabetes (AOR=9.86, 95%CI=4.25, 22.89), history of gestational diabetes (AOR=3.01, 95%CI=1.17, 8.39) and sedentary behaviour >4 hours per day (AOR=2.13, 95%CI=1.04, 4.34). Being non-smoker (AOR=0.05, 95%CI=0.01, 0.17) and unmarried (AOR=0.09, 95%CI=0.02, 0.42) were also predictive characteristics for undiagnosed DM in the study area. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, this study revealed a relatively high prevalence of undiagnosed DM in the study area. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was significantly higher when associated with the age of the participants, their marital status, history of hypertension, diabetes family history, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, current smoking practices and sedentary behaviour. Thus, efforts have to be made, particularly by the individuals involved in health practice, to early detect the disease and thereby initiate a suitable therapeutic service, before complications arise.
Pregnancy maternal fetal outcomes among pregnancies complicated with atrioventricular block.; BACKGROUND: Atrioventricular block (AVB) during pregnancy is rare. Case study for pregnancy with AVB have been reported but a consensus guideline for peripartum management has not been established. This study aimed to investigate cardiac and obstetric complications and outcomes in our pregnant women with AVB and share our management experience. METHODS: This was a retrospective study. We reviewed a total of 74 pregnant women with AVB who delivered at our tertiary care center in the past 10 years. The patients were categorized into four groups according to the degree of block. The data were analyzed and compared among the four groups of patients. RESULTS: Regarding the cardiac complications, the cardiac function level showed significant difference among patient groups. The higher NYHA class were observed in patients with higher degree AVB. Pacemaker was placed before delivery in 32/33 patients with III° AVB, 8/25 patients with II° AVB, and 0/16 patient with I° AVB. Other types of arrhythmias except AVB were present in all groups of patients but more frequently observed in type I patients with II° AVB. No other heart abnormalities were observed among the patient groups. Obstetric complications were found in 21 women (28.4%), including premature labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, etc. The incidence rate of fetal cardiac abnormalities was 6.58%. But no statistical difference was detected among four groups of patients for fetal and maternal complications and fetal cardiac abnormalities (P>0.05). Caesarean section was performed more in patients with high-degree AVB than in patients with low-degree AVB. No maternal or neonatal death in our cases. CONCLUSIONS: Most women with AVB could achieve successful pregnancy and delivery. Patients with II° AVB type II and III° AVB should be monitored vigilantly during pregnancy and post-partum. Temporary pacing before delivery appeared to be beneficial for women with III°AVB, and accurate diagnosis and care by a multidisciplinary team was recommended.
Nimbolide protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy by regulating endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial function via the Akt/mTOR pathway.; Nimbolide has been demonstrated to possess protective properties against gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy. However, the role and molecular mechanism of nimbolide in diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) remain unknown. Diabetes was induced in rats via a single injection of streptozotocin (STZ) and then the diabetic rats were administered nimbolide (5 mg/kg and 20 mg/kg) or dimethyl sulfoxide daily for 12 weeks. H9c2 cardiomyocytes were exposed to high glucose (25 mM glucose) to mimic DCM in vitro. The protective effects of nimbolide against DCM were evaluated in vivo and in vitro. The potential molecular mechanism of nimbolide in DCM was further explored. We found that nimbolide dose-dependently decreased blood glucose and improved body weight of diabetic rats. Additionally, nimbolide dose-dependently improved cardiac function, alleviated myocardial injury/fibrosis, and inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and apoptosis in diabetic rats. Moreover, nimbolide dose-dependently improved mitochondrial function and activated the Akt/mTOR signaling. We consistently demonstrated the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide in an in vitro model of DCM. The involvement of ER stress and mitochondrial pathways were further confirmed by using inhibitors of ER stress and mitochondrial division. By applying a specific Akt inhibitor SC66, the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide were partially blocked. Our study indicated that nimbolide alleviated DCM by activating Akt/mTOR pathway. Nimbolide may be a novel therapeutic agent for DCM treatment.
Abnormal Fetal Echocardiography in Diabetic Pregnant Women at a Tertiary Care Hospital: A Descriptive Cross-sectional Study.; INTRODUCTION: The sedentary lifestyle of women and change in their food habits has a significant role in developing diabetes in pregnancies. This leads to an increased chance of fetal cardiac abnormality born by a mother with gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. The objective of the study is to find out the prevalence of abnormal fetal echocardiography in gestational and pre-existing diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital. METHODS: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted among 104 diabetic pregnant women in a tertiary care hospital from April 15, 2017, to April 14, 2018. Ethical approval was obtained from the institutional review committee. The convenient sampling method was used. The patients who were diagnosed as gestational diabetes and diabetic before pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was mainly done at a gestational age of 22-32 weeks depending upon the time of diagnosis of gestational diabetes and for pre-diabetic women, fetal echocardiography was done at 24-26 weeks of gestation. Statistical analysis was done using the Statistical Package of the Social Sciences version 20. RESULTS: Among 104 patients, 16 (15.38%) patients had abnormal fetal echocardiography. Eighty-three (79.81%) were gestational diabetics, 21 (20.19%) were pre-existing diabetic women. Among 83 gestational diabetes, 7 (8.4%) had abnormal echo finding and among 21 pre-existing diabetics, 9 (42.8%) had abnormal echo finding. CONCLUSIONS: There was an increased chance of fetal cardiac malformation in gestational diabetic and pre-existing diabetics diabetic especially in an uncontrolled glycemic state. And, if they were diagnosed prenatally, clinical outcomes for both mother and fetus would have been better.
Emergency repair of aortic dissection in a 37-week parturient: a case report.; Aortic dissection is a life-threatening condition with a 50% mortality rate in the first 48 hours and a 3-month mortality rate of 90% in untreated patients. Aortic dissection is a rare complication of pregnancy, but there is significant morbidity and mortality for the mother and infant. A 43-year-old woman with a 37-week intrauterine pregnancy was admitted to the emergency department 6 hours after the onset of tightness in her throat and neck pain. She described the pain as similar to pain she experienced with a myocardial infarction 2 years previously. Other pertinent history included hypertension, gestational diabetes, coronary artery disease, and a family history of aortic dissection. The patient was initially misdiagnosed. Transthoracic echocardio-" gram and computed tomography scan revealed a type A thoracic aortic dissection extending into the abdominal aorta. An emergency aortic repair and cesarean section were successfully performed. Recognition of aortic dissection and an evidence-based, collaborative approach to optimize treatment and recovery are vital to the patient's survival. The purpose of this article is to highlight successful management of aortic dissection in a parturient and to broaden the body of literature on the topic.
Echocardiographic measurements in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers.; AIM: To compare echocardiographic findings of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and healthy full term appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants. METHODS: Included in this study were 83 infants, admitted to our Neonatology Unit. Thirty-three IDMs, including both macrosomic and nonmacrosomic, comprised Group A, 25 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers comprised group B, and 25 healthy full term AGA infants comprised group C. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days after birth and compared by using one-way ANOVA, Post Hoc Tukey HSD and Student's t tests. RESULTS: The left ventricular end-systolic/left ventricular end-diastolic diameter ratio of group A was significantly smaller than that of group C (P<0.05). The interventricular septum/posterior wall thickness ratios of groups A and B were greater than those of group C (P<0.05). The left ventricular mass index of group A was greater than those of groups B and C (P<0.05). The shortening fraction and ejection fraction of group A were increased in comparison to group C (P<0.05). When comparing the values of echocardiographic measurements of macrosomic IDMs (n=9) with nonmacrosomic ones (n=24), and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (n=11) with those of gestational diabetes mothers (n=22), no statistical difference was found. CONCLUSION: The present study suggests that underlying mechanisms common to both macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and IDMs lead to less cardiac alterations in the macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers than in IDMs.
Maternal glucose levels and future risk of developing cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy has been considered as one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among women. Although the evidence regarding the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent CVD has been synthesised, there are no systematic reviews covering the evidence of the association among the non-GDM population. This systematic review and meta-analysis, therefore, aim to fill the gap by summarising existing evidence on the association between maternal glucose levels and the risk of future CVD in pregnant women with or without a diagnosis of GDM. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This systematic review protocol was reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocols guidelines. Comprehensive literature searches were performed in the following electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL to identify relevant papers from inception to 31 December 2022. All observational studies (case-control studies, cohort studies and cross-sectional studies) will be included. Two reviewers will perform the abstract and full-text screening based on the eligibility criteria through Covidence. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale will be used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. Statistical heterogeneity will be assessed by using the I(2) test and Cochrane's Q test. If the included studies are found to be homogeneous, pooled estimates will be calculated and meta-analysis will be performed using Review Manager 5 (RevMan) software. Random effects will be used to determine weights for meta-analysis, if needed. Pre-specified subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis will be performed, if needed. The study results will be presented in the sequence of main outcomes, secondary outcomes and important subgroup analysis for each type of glucose level separately. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Given no original data will be collected, ethics approval is not applicable for this review. The results of this review will be disseminated by publication and conference presentation. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42022363037.
Role of fetal echocardiography in the evaluation of structure and function of fetal heart in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To detect the structural and functional changes of fetal hearts in diabetic pregnancies by using Doppler echocardiography. METHODS: This prospective study included 119 pregnant women divided into three groups. Group 1 included 47 pregnant patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM), group 2 included 40 patients with gestational diabetes and group 3 included 32 non-diabetic pregnant women. M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum. The mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular shortening fraction were measured. RESULTS: HbA1c % was significantly lower in gestational diabetes group compared with the pre-existing diabetes group. The interventricular septum was significantly thicker in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with other groups. Tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios were significantly lower in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with gestational diabetes and control groups. Moreover, there were no significant differences in the tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios between gestational diabetes group and the control group. The right and left ventricular shortening fractions were similar in the three groups. CONCLUSION: Fetuses of women with well-controlled gestational diabetes lack the diastolic dysfunction that is present in fetuses of women with pre-existing diabetes.
Cardiac troponin I levels and its relation to echocardiographic findings in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Cardiomyopathy is noted in up to 40% of infants of diabetic mothers, and the exact mechanisms responsible for it are unknown. The aim of this study was to compare between infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) and infants of non- diabetic mothers (INDM) as regards cardiac troponin I (cTnI) levels (as a marker of cardiac dysfunction) and to examine the relationship between this marker and neonatal echocardiographic changes (cardiac structure and function). METHODS: A prospective, comparative study included eighty full term neonates during the first three days of life, during the period from April 2008 to June 2011. They were divided into 2 groups, group I: included 40 infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs)and group II: included 40 infants of non diabetic healthy mothers as a control group. RESULTS: 37.5% of the IDMs were large for gestational age and demonstrated a significantly lower blood glucose level than the control group (34.6 ± 11.3mg/dl Vs 77.2 ± 19.8 mg/dl respectively) , respiratory distress and cyanosis were the presenting signs in 67.5% of IDMs. Cardiac TnI on the second day of life increased significantly in infants of diabetic mothers in comparison to INDM (p < 0.006) . IDMs had a significant increase in left atrial thickness ( 11.5 ± 1.8mm in IDM Vs 10.5 ± 0.9mm in INDM P < 0.002*) and a significant increase in septal thickness (5.0 ± 1.2mm in IDM Vs 4.0 ± 0.5mm in INDM P < 0.001*). CTnI correlated positively with interventricular septum thickness (P-value = 0.002*). Cardiac TnI was significantly increased in IDMs with respiratory distress (P -value < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated a highly significant positive correlation between cTnI level on the second day of life and the left ventricular end diastolic diameter (LVED) and interventricular septum diameter (IVSD). Cardiac troponin I (cTnI) is a useful biochemical marker for monitoring myocardial injury in infants of diabetic mothers. An elevated cTnI concentration in infants of diabetic mothers with respiratory distress was a good predictor for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and/or left ventricular dysfunction.
Evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: We aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity or gestational diabetes on body composition, lipid, and glucose metabolism, arterial morphology, and functions in children, and to investigate these effects in terms of cardiometabolic diseases. METHODS: The study group was composed of 48 children who had a history of gestational diabetes or maternal obesity, and the control group was composed of 33 children. Echocardiographic assessments were performed. Socio-economic status and education level of mothers were obtained. RESULTS: In the study group, carotid intima-media thickness, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and arterial stiffness values were found to be significantly higher compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while arterial distensibility and arterial strain values were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.003, p = 0.008, respectively). Among the children who had similar body mass index in both groups, children in the study group had higher carotid intima-media thickness and epicardial adipose tissue thickness values. Arterial stiffness values were significantly reduced (p = 0.028) and arterial distensibility and strain values were significantly increased (p = 0.039, p = 0.033, respectively) in the children whose mothers had gestational diabetes and high socio-economic status. Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic internal thickness were found to be significantly increased in the children who had obese and unemployed mothers (p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). CONCLUSION: Low socio-economic status was found to be associated with increased maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Poor socio-economic status, poor glycaemic control and being overweight during pregnancy indicate negative cardiometabolic outcomes for children in the long term.
Sex differences in offspring neurodevelopment, cognitive performance and microglia morphology associated with maternal diabetes: Putative targets for insulin therapy.; Diabetes during pregnancy has been shown to affect the central nervous system (CNS) of the offspring, resulting in short- and long-term adverse effects. Children of diabetic mothers are more likely to develop cognitive impairment, also having increased susceptibility to psychiatric disorders. Microglia, the immune cells of the CNS, work as sensors of environmental changes, namely metabolic challenges, as early as the intrauterine period. During this period, microglia is actively involved in processes of neurogenesis, synaptic pruning and detection of any environmental alteration that may impact brain development. The remarkable sex dimorphism in neurodevelopment, as well as sex differences in the morphology and immune function of microglia during development, led us to clarify if maternal diabetes affects specific behavioral traits and microglia morphology during infancy in a sex-specific manner. Another important goal of this study was to clarify if insulin, the gold standard treatment of diabetes during gestation, could prevent maternal diabetes-induced behavioral changes, as well as microglia morphology, also considering sex specificities. Other molecular and cellular players potentially involved in the link between changes in metabolism and behavior were also analyzed in the hippocampus, a brain region implicated in cognition and other behavioral outcomes. Diabetes during pregnancy globally delayed female and male offspring development and was associated with impairments in recognition memory, but only in female offspring. In line with these results, at early and late infancy, some molecular and cellular markers were altered in offspring hippocampus in a sex-specific manner. The strict control of glycemia by insulin during pregnancy prevented most of the negative effects induced by uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Notably, insulin administration to diabetic dams may also modulate offspring development in a way that differs from what is observed in physiological conditions, since it promoted the expedited acquisition of developmental milestones and of discrimination ability at memory test, also inducing a hyper-ramification of male and female hippocampal microglia. Importantly, this study highlights the importance of analyzing the impact of maternal diabetes and insulin therapy, taking into account sex differences, since male and female present different vulnerabilities to hyperglycemia in this critical period of life.
The prevalence of documented cardiovascular-related pregnancy complications: cross-sectional study in an academic primary care centre.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy and the postpartum period offer a unique opportunity to identify patients with risk factors leading to premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), which often go unrecognised. AIM: This study investigates self-reported prevalence of CVD-related pregnancy complications and its documentation in electronic medical records (EMRs) in an academic family health team (AFHT). DESIGN & SETTING: A retrospective cross-sectional survey conducted from 2016 to 2017 in an AFHT. METHOD: The survey assessed self-reported pregnancy complications and obstetric histories of adult females. EMRs of responders who provided consent were appraised for documented pregnancy complications, and management of traditional cardiovascular risk factors post-pregnancy. RESULTS: Out of 211 responders, 28% (n = 60) had at least one pregnancy complication reported in the survey and/or in the EMR, of which 67% (n = 40) had the complication documented in their EMR. The most prevalent complications were preterm birth (PTB; 12%, n = 25), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; 10%, n = 22), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; 7%, n = 14). Twenty-nine per cent (n = 4) of the patients with GDM had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test result documented post-pregnancy. Of those with HDP, 36% (n = 8) had body mass index and 50% (n = 11) had a blood pressure measurement recorded after delivery. CONCLUSION: There has been a significant lack of documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors and subsequent management, introducing a missed opportunity for early cardiovascular intervention. Adequate documentation of pregnancy complications in the EMR and better transitions in care between obstetric and primary care teams could potentially enable clinicians to intervene early and better manage females at increased risk of CVD.
Cardiovascular Disease and Risk Factors in Individuals With a History of Out-of-home Care.; BACKGROUND: Exposure to childhood out-of-home care (foster family and residential care) is associated with an increased risk of ill-health and disability in adulthood, but the risk for cardiovascular disease has not previously been studied longitudinally. METHODS: This was a national cohort study generated from linkage of a range of population-based registers, resulting in a national cohort of 881 731 of whom 26 310 (3.0%) had a history of out-of-home care. The study population, born 1972 to 1981, was followed from age 18 to age 39 to 48 years for hospitalizations and death. RESULTS: After adjusting for year of birth and maternal education, individuals with a history of childhood out-of-home-care experienced a doubling of the risk for coronary disease (hazard ratio; 95% confidence interval: 2.05; 1.74-2.41) and stroke (hazard ratio 1.85; 1.59-2.15), compared with the general population, with similar estimates for men and women. Women with a history of out-of-home care had a more than doubled risk for cigarette smoking in early pregnancy, with a relative risk of 2.26; (2.18-2.34) and a moderately increased risk for gestational diabetes relative risk 1.49 (1.19-1.86). There was marked attenuation (40% to 90%) in effect estimates for disease and risk factors after further control for cohort members educational achievement at age 15-16 years. CONCLUSIONS: A history of childhood out-of-home care was associated with a doubled risk of early cardiovascular disease events. Cigarette smoking and educational underachievement were the main identified risk factors.
A cross-sectional study of tumor markers during normal and high-risk pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To determine tumor marker concentrations during normal and high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: The present cross-sectional study included women attending the gynecology outpatient department at All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India, between November 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. Their serum was assayed for carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), cancer antigen 19-9 (CA19-9), and cancer antigen 15-3 (CA15-3). RESULTS: A total of 251 pregnant women and 31 nonpregnant women were included. Median CEA value was lower among pregnant women than among nonpregnant women (1.2μg/L vs 1.4μg/L; P=0.006), whereas that of CA15-3 was higher (16.7U/mL vs 12.3U/mL; P=0.03). CA19-9 concentration was higher among pregnant women aged 25-29years (7.0U/mL) or 30-34years (7.2U/mL) than among those aged 20-24years (4.2U/mL; P=0.01 for both). The CA15-3 level was increased during the second (13.0U/mL) and third (60.5U/mL) trimesters compared with the first trimester (9.5U/mL) (P≤0.01 for both comparisons). It was also raised in high-risk pregnancies (33.7U/mL), specifically pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (39.7U/mL), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (64.3U/mL), or heart disease (54.0U/mL) (P<0.05 for all). CONCLUSION: CA15-3 concentrations rise during pregnancy, but whether this increase can be attributed to physiological changes in breast tissue needs to be investigated further.
Functional aortic stenosis diagnosed in fetal period.; We report a case of fetal congenital heart disease prenatally diagnosed as critical aortic valve stenosis at 25 weeks of gestation. Fetal echocardiography demonstrated severe mitral regurgitation, aortic valve stenosis, hypocontractility of the left ventricle, and showed retrograde flow in the aortic arch like HLHS (hypoplastic left heart syndrome). However, soon after delivery, improvement in the baby's hemodynamics and myocardial contractility were recognized without any treatment.
Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are cardiovascular risk factors that are unique to women and include gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia. While these risk factors emerge during the reproductive years and allow for early risk reduction counseling, they are often overlooked and not elicited by providers. This mini-review focuses primarily on GDM and preeclampsia, their relationship with CVD, mechanisms by which these conditions lead to CVD, and management, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, for the clinician who is caring for a woman with a history of an APO.
One risk assessment tool for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease.; OBJECTIVE: Individuals at high risk for chronic cardiometabolic disease (cardiovascular disease [CVD], type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease [CKD]) share many risk factors and would benefit from early intervention. We developed a nonlaboratory-based risk-assessment tool for identification of people at high cardiometabolic disease risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data of three population-based cohorts from different regions of the Netherlands were merged. Participants were 2,840 men and 3,940 women, white, aged 28-85 years, free from CVD, type 2 diabetes, and CKD diagnosis at baseline. The outcome was developing cardiometabolic disease during 7 years follow-up. RESULTS: Age, BMI, waist circumference, antihypertensive treatment, smoking, family history of myocardial infarction or stroke, and family history of diabetes were significant predictors, whereas former smoking, history of gestational diabetes, and use of lipid-lowering medication were not. The models showed acceptable calibration (Hosmer and Lemeshow statistics, P > 0.05) and discrimination (area under the receiver operating characteristic [ROC] curve 0.82 [95% CI 0.81-0.83] for women and 0.80 [0.78-0.82] for men). Discrimination of individual outcomes was lowest for diabetes (area under the ROC curve 0.70 for men and 0.73 for women) and highest for CVD mortality (0.83 for men and 0.85 for women). CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate that a single risk stratification tool can identify people at high risk for future CVD, type 2 diabetes, and/or CKD. The present risk-assessment tool can be used for referring the highest risk individuals to health care for further (multivariable) risk assessment and may as such serve as an important part of prevention programs targeting chronic cardiometabolic disease.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and health outcomes: a systematic review of epidemiological studies.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) plays a potential role in the development of obesity and other diet-related noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), but no studies have systematically focused on this. This study aimed to summarize the evidence for the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. METHODS: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science to identify all relevant studies. Epidemiological studies were included, and identified studies were evaluated for risk of bias.A narrative review of the synthesized findings was provided to assess the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. RESULTS: 20 studies (12 cohort and 8 cross-sectional studies) were included in the analysis, with a total of 334,114 participants and 10 health outcomes. In a narrative review, high UPFs consumption was obviously associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality, overall cardiovascular diseases, coronary heart diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, overweight and obesity, depression, irritable bowel syndrome, overall cancer, postmenopausal breast cancer, gestational obesity, adolescent asthma and wheezing, and frailty. It showed no significant association with cardiovascular disease mortality, prostate and colorectal cancers, gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational overweight. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicated a positive association between UPFs consumption and risk of several health outcomes. Large-scale prospective designed studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Ethnic variation in the activity of lipid desaturases and their relationships with cardiovascular risk factors in control women and an at-risk group with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Lipid desaturase enzymes mediate the metabolism of fatty acids to long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and their activities are related to metabolic risk factors for Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). There are marked ethnic differences in risks of CHD and T2DM but little is known about ethnic differences in desaturase activities. METHODS: Samples from a study of CVD risk in women with previous gestational diabetes were analysed for percentage fatty acids in plasma free fatty acid, triglyceride, cholesterol ester and phospholipid pools for 89 white European, 53 African Caribbean and 56 Asian Indian women. The fatty acid desaturase activities, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD, calculated separately for C16 and C18 fatty acids), delta 6 desaturase (D6D) and delta 5 desaturase (D5D) were estimated from precursor-to-product ratios and their relationships with adiposity, blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and insulin sensitivity explored. Ethnic differences in desaturase activities independent of ethnic variation in risk factor correlates of desaturase activities were then identified. RESULTS: There was significant ethnic variation in age, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, serum triglycerides and HDL cholesterol concentrations and insulin resistance. Desaturase activities showed significant correlations, independent of ethnicity, with BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol. Independent of ethnic variation in BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol, SCD-16 activity, calculated from each of the four lipid pools measured, was 18-35 percent higher in white Europeans than in African Caribbeans or Asian Indians (all p < 0.001). Similar, though less consistent differences were apparent for SCD-18 activity. Also independently of risk factor variation, but specifically when calculated from the cholesterol ester and phospholipid, pools, D6D activity was significantly lower in Asian Indians, and D5D activity higher in African Caribbeans. CONCLUSIONS: Significant ethnic differences exist in desaturase activities, independently of ethnic variation in other risk factors. These characteristics did not accord with higher risk of T2DM among African Caribbeans and Asian Indians nor with lower risk of CHD among African Caribbeans but did accord with the higher risk of CHD in Asian Indians.
Fetal malnutrition and long-term outcomes.; Epidemiological studies have shown that lower birthweight is associated with a wide range of adverse outcomes in later life, including poorer 'human capital' (shorter stature, lower cognitive performance), increased risk factors for later disease (higher blood pressure and reduced glucose tolerance, and lung, kidney and immune function), clinical disease (diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic lung and kidney disease), and increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Higher birthweight is associated with an increased risk of cancer and (if caused by gestational diabetes) obesity and diabetes. The 'developmental origins of health and disease' hypothesis proposes that fetal nutrition has permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism ('programming'). This is supported by studies in animals showing that maternal under- and overnutrition during pregnancy can produce similar abnormalities in the adult offspring. Common chronic diseases could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition, and this could have additional benefits for survival and human capital. Recent follow-up of children born after randomized nutritional interventions in pregnancy provides weak evidence of beneficial effects on growth, vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Animal studies indicate that epigenetic phenomena may be an important mechanism underlying programming, and that nutritional interventions may need to start preconceptionally.
Effects of periodontal disease on glycemic control, complications, and incidence of diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders with high mortality and morbidity associated with complications such as cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, and stroke. The prevalence of diabetes is 9.4% in US adults, and prevalence increases markedly with age, with 1 in 4 adults aged ≥65 years affected by diabetes. The estimated number of adults with type 2 diabetes globally almost tripled between 2002 and 2017, reflecting increases seen in the USA and elsewhere. This increase raises concerns about the increased morbidity and mortality associated with the complications of diabetes, including periodontal disease and tooth loss. There is a reciprocal adverse relationship between diabetes and periodontal disease, with diabetes as a major risk factor for periodontal disease, and in those patients with diabetes who also have periodontal disease then there are adverse effects on glycemic control and complications such as cardiovascular disease and end stage renal disease. In this review, those studies detailing the adverse effects of periodontal disease and diabetes will be discussed. Also, evidence is accumulating that periodontitis may play a role in increasing the incidence of new cases of type 2 diabetes, and possibly gestational diabetes. Of course, these studies need to be expanded to better understand the effects of periodontitis on diabetes glycemic control, complications, prediabetes, and the incidence of new cases. However, given the tremendous burden of diabetes on society, the dental profession should be proactive in preventing and treating periodontal disease, not only to preserve the dentition, but also to minimize the adverse effects of periodontitis on diabetes and its complications.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk factor management.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading health threat to American women. In addition to establish risk factors for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, smoking, and obesity, adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and gestational diabetes are now recognized as factors that increase a woman's risk for future CVD. CVD risk factor burden is disproportionately higher in those of low socioeconomic status and in ethnic/racial minority women. Since younger women often use their obstetrician/gynecologist as their primary health provider, this is an opportune time to diagnose and treat CVD risk factors early. Embedding preventive care providers such as nurse practitioners or physician assistants within OB/GYN practices can be considered, with referral to family medicine or internist for ongoing risk assessment and management. The American Heart Association (AHA)/American Stroke Association (ASA) stroke prevention guidelines tailored to women recommend that women with a history of pre-eclampsia can be evaluated for hypertension and other CVD risk factors within 6 months to 1-year post-partum. Given the burden and impact of CVD on women in our society, the entire medical community must work to establish feasible practice and referral patterns for assessment and treatment of CVD risk factors.
Fetal myocardial deformation in maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity.; OBJECTIVE: Experimental evidence suggests that changes in the fetal myocardium result from intrauterine effects of maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity. The aim of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function using two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography to determine the effects of maternal diabetes and obesity on the fetal myocardium. METHODS: Comparative cross-sectional evaluation of myocardial function in fetuses of mothers with diabetes mellitus (FDM) or obesity (FO) and normal gestational age-matched control fetuses (FC) was performed using two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography at two centers. RESULTS: In total, 178 fetuses (82 FDM, 26 FO and 70 FC) met the enrolment criteria. Mean gestational age at assessment was similar among groups: 25.3 ± 5.1 weeks for FDM, 25.0 ± 4.6 weeks for FO and 25.1 ± 4.9 weeks for FC. Mean maternal body mass index was significantly higher in FDM and FO groups compared with the FC group. Statistically significant differences in fetal cardiac function were detected between FDM and FC for global longitudinal strain (mean ± SD, -21.4 ± 6.5% vs -27.0 ± 5.2%; P < 0.001), global circumferential strain (mean ± SD, -22.6 ± 6.5% vs -26.2 ± 6.8%; P = 0.002), average longitudinal systolic strain rate (median, -1.4 (interquartile range (IQR), -1.7 to -1.1)/s vs -1.6 (IQR, -2.0 to -1.4)/s; P = 0.001) and average circumferential systolic strain rate (median, -1.4 (IQR, -1.9 to -1.1)/s vs -1.6 (IQR, -2.1 to -1.3)/s; P = 0.006). Cases of non-obese FDM also had abnormal strain parameters compared with FC. Global longitudinal strain (mean ± SD, -21.1 ± 7.5%) and average circumferential systolic strain rate (median, -1.3 (IQR, -1.8 to -1.1)/s) were significantly lower in FO compared with FC. CONCLUSIONS: Unfavorable changes occur in the fetal myocardium in response to both maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity. The long-term prognostic implications of these changes require further study. Copyright © 2016 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Distributed application of guideline-based decision support through mobile devices: Implementation and evaluation.; BACKGROUND: Traditionally guideline (GL)-based Decision Support Systems (DSSs) use a centralized infrastructure to generate recommendations to care providers, rather than to patients at home. However, managing patients at home is often preferable, reducing costs and empowering patients. Thus, we wanted to explore an option in which patients, in particular chronic patients, might be assisted by a local DSS, which interacts as needed with the central DSS engine, to manage their disease outside the standard clinical settings. OBJECTIVES: To design, implement, and demonstrate the technical and clinical feasibility of a new architecture for a distributed DSS that provides patients with evidence-based guidance, offered through applications running on the patients' mobile devices, monitoring and reacting to changes in the patient's personal environment, and providing the patients with appropriate GL-based alerts and personalized recommendations; and increase the overall robustness of the distributed application of the GL. METHODS: We have designed and implemented a novel projection-callback (PCB) model, in which small portions of the evidence-based guideline's procedural knowledge are projected from a projection engine within the central DSS server, to a local DSS that resides on each patient's mobile device. The local DSS applies the knowledge using the mobile device's local resources. The GL projections generated by the projection engine are adapted to the patient's previously defined preferences and, implicitly, to the patient's current context, in a manner that is embodied in the projected therapy plans. When appropriate, as defined by a temporal pattern within the projected plan, the local DSS calls back the central DSS, requesting further assistance, possibly another projection. To support the new model, the initial specification of the GL includes two levels: one for the central DSS, and one for the local DSS. We have implemented a distributed GL-based DSS using the projection-callback model within the MobiGuide EU project, which automatically manages chronic patients at home using sensors on the patients and their mobile phone. We assessed the new GL specification process, by specifying two very different, complex GLs: for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and for Atrial Fibrillation. Then, we evaluated the new computational architecture by applying the two GLs to the automated clinical management, at real time, of patients in two different countries: Spain and Italy, respectively. RESULTS: The specification using the new projection-callback model was found to be quite feasible. We found significant differences between the distributed versions of the two GLs, suggesting further research directions and possibly additional ways to analyze and characterize GLs. Applying the two GLs to the two patient populations proved highly feasible as well. The mean time between the central and local interactions was quite different for the two GLs: 3.95 ± 1.95 days in the case of the gestational diabetes domain, and 23.80 ± 12.47 days, in the case of the atrial fibrillation domain, probably corresponding to the difference in the distributed specifications of the two GLs. Most of the interaction types were due to projections to the local DSS (83%); others were data notifications, mostly to change context (17%). Some of the data notifications were triggered due to technical errors. The robustness of the distributed architecture was demonstrated through the successful recovery from multiple crashes of the local DSS. CONCLUSIONS: The new projection-callback model has been demonstrated to be feasible, from specification to distributed application. Different GLs might significantly differ, however, in their distributed specification and application characteristics. Distributed medical DSSs can facilitate the remote management of chronic patients by enabling the central DSSs to delegate, in a dynamic fashion, determined by the patient's context, much of the monitoring and treatment management decisions to the mobile device. Patients can be kept in their home environment, while still maintaining, through the projection-callback mechanism, several of the advantages of a central DSS, such as access to the patient's longitudinal record, and to an up-to-date evidence-based GL repository.
Epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in Taiwan: a retrospective nationwide study.; BACKGROUND: During pregnancy, the hyperdynamic physiology of circulation can exacerbate many cardiovascular disorders. Congestive heart failure (CHF) usually occurs during late pregnancy, which is significantly associated with a high level of maternal and neonatal morbidities and mortalities. The profile of women who develop peripartum CHF (PCHF) is unknown. We investigated the epidemiological profiles of PCHF. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, PCHF patients were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Risk factors and obstetric outcomes were compared in women with and without PCHF. RESULTS: From 2,115,873 birth-mothers in Taiwan between 1997 and 2013, we identified 512 with PCHF (incidence: 24.20/10(5)). More women with than without PCHF were older (≥ 35, 18.16% vs. 9.62%), and had more multifetal gestations (7.42% vs. 1.40%), gestational hypertension (HTN) (19.2% vs. 1.31%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (4.10% vs. 0.67%). After the analysis had been adjusted for confounders, the leading comorbidities associated with PCHF were structural heart diseases (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 67.21; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 54.29-83.22), pulmonary diseases (aOR: 13.12; 95% CI: 10.28-16.75), chronic HTN (aOR: 11.27; 95% CI: 6.94-18.28), thyroid disease (aOR: 9.53; 95% CI: 5.27-17.23), and gestational HTN (aOR: 5.16; 95% CI: 3.89-6.85). PCHF patients also had a higher rate of cesarean sections (66.41% vs. 34.46%; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Maternal structural heart diseases, pulmonary diseases, thyroid disorders, and preexisting or gestational HTN are associated with a higher risk of developing PCHF. Birth-mothers with PCHF also had a higher risk of caesarean section and adverse outcomes, including maternal death. Our findings should benefit healthcare providers, and government and health insurance policy makers.
GATA2/FGF21 Axis Regulates the Effects of High Glucose on the Apoptosis, Autophagy and Oxidative Stress of Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cell via PI3K/AKT/mTOR Pathway.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated the role and mechanism of GATA-binding factor 2/Fibroblast growth factor 21 (GATA2/FGF21) axis in high glucose (HG)-induced injury in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). METHODS: After HG treatment and transfection, the viability and apoptosis of HUVECs were determined via Cell Counting Kit-8 and Hoechst 33258 staining methods, and the content of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) was measured via colorimetric assay and DCFH-DA staining. The potential transcription factor of FGF21 was predicted with bioinformatic analysis and confirmed via dual-luciferase reporter assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation. The expressions of GATA2/FGF21, apoptosis-, autophagy- and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway-related factors were quantified with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction or Western blot. RESULTS: Overexpressed FGF21 abolished the effects of HG on repressing the expressions of FGF21 and cell viability, and promoting apoptosis, the levels of LDH and ROS and autophagy in HUVECs, with increased Bcl-2 and p62 expression yet decreased Bax, Cleaved PARP, Cleaved caspase-3, LC3 II/LC3 I ratio and Beclin 1. GATA2 was the transcription factor of FGF21 and was downregulated after HG treatment, and the effects of overexpressed FGF21 in HG-treated HUVECs were all reversed after the silence of GATA2. Besides, overexpressed FGF21 promoted the activation of PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway, with increased phosphorylation levels of PI3K, AKT and mTOR, whereas silencing GATA2 abolished the trend. CONCLUSION: GATA2/FGF21 axis has a protective function against HG in HUVEC via regulating PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Instituting a Curriculum for Cardio-Obstetrics Subspecialty Fellowship Training.; Maternal mortality is rising in the United States, and cardiovascular disease is the leading cause. Adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes heighten the risk of cardiovascular complications during pregnancy and the peripartum period and are associated with long-term cardiovascular risks. The field of cardio-obstetrics is a subspecialty within adult cardiology that focuses on the management of women with or at high risk for heart disease who are considering pregnancy or have become pregnant. There is growing recognition of the need for more specialists with dedicated expertise in cardio-obstetrics to improve the cardiovascular care of this high-risk patient population. Current recommendations for cardiovascular fellowship training programs accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education involve establishing core competency in the knowledge of managing heart disease in pregnancy. However, little granular detail is available of what such training should entail, which can lead to knowledge gaps. Additionally, dedicated advanced subspecialty training in this area is not commonly offered. Multidisciplinary collaborative teams have been shown to improve outcomes in cardiac patients during pregnancy, and cardiovascular fellows-in-training interested in cardio-obstetrics should have the opportunity to participate in and contribute to a pregnancy heart team. In this document, we describe a proposed specialized cardio-obstetrics training pathway that could serve to adequately prepare trainees to competently and comprehensively care for women with cardiovascular disease before, during, and after pregnancy.
Alterations of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk for venous thromboembolism. Activation of sympathetic nervous system affects blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and platelet activation by several mechanisms. We aimed to study the relationship of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes. Forty-one white women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant and 14 nonpregnant controls were studied. We assayed serial nocturnal (at 12 p.m., 4 a.m. and 7 a.m.) changes of the adrenergic transmitter noradrenaline, coagulation variables and platelet activation with PFA-100. Plasma noradrenaline increased from 4 to 7 a.m. in both pregnant groups. During the same time period, prothrombin time (PT) shortened in gestational diabetes compared with healthy pregnant and nonpregnant controls. In gestational diabetes, nocturnal FVIII:C levels were lower compared with normal pregnancy and also variables associated with von Willebrand factor tended to be lower. Platelet activity increased at midnight in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women without differences between gestational diabetes and normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with concomitant early morning sympathetic stimulation and activation of extrinsic coagulation pathway (shortened PT). Decreased FVIII:C may refer to compensatory anticoagulatory mechanism. These alterations could reflect increased risk of pregnancy-related thromboembolism in gestational diabetes.
Association of tribbles homologue 1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells with duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered to be an important factor that epigenetically predisposes offspring to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, the mechanisms of how intrauterine hyperglycaemia affects offspring have not been thoroughly studied. The mammalian tribbles homologue 1 (TRIB1) gene is associated with plasma lipid concentrations and coronary artery disease (CAD). Our aim was to study the effect of GDM and its treatment terms on the level of TRIB1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) of newborns from women with and without GDM. The study included 50 women with GDM and 25 women without GDM (control group). Women with GDM were divided into three groups according to their gestational age when the treatment of GDM started: 24-28 weeks (GDM1, N = 16), 29-32 weeks (GDM2, N = 25) and >34 weeks (GDM3, N = 9). The levels of TRIB1 gene expression in GDM3, GDM2, GDM1 and control groups were 2.8 ± 1.1, 4.2 ± 2.4, 6.0 ± 3.4 and 8.1 ± 6.1, respectively (p = 0.001). After comparison in pairs the difference was significant for the following pairs: GDM2-control (p = 0.004), GDM3-control (p = 0.002), GDM1-GDM3 (p = 0.012). Notably, if treatment had been started before the 28th week of gestation, the difference in TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs was not significant (p = 0.320 for comparison between GDM1 and control groups). Our findings support the hypothesis that TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs depends on the duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Clinical Characteristics of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in South Korea.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare disorder associated with pregnancy that can lead to life-threatening conditions. The incidence and clinical characteristics of this condition remain poorly understood. METHODS AND RESULTS: We aimed to perform the first population-based study of PPCM in South Korea, using the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who fulfilled predefined diagnostic criteria for PPCM from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2012, were identified from International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. To discriminate PPCM from other causes of heart failure, we excluded subjects who already had heart failure-related International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes at least 1 year before delivery. During the study period, there were 1 404 551 deliveries in South Korea, and we excluded 20 159 patients who already had heart failure. In those, a total of 795 cases were identified as PPCM. Patients with PPCM were older, had a higher prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, and were more likely to be primiparous and have multiple pregnancies. Moreover, cesarean section and pregnancy-related complications and in-hospital death were also more common in patients with PPCM. Intriguingly, a considerable number of heart failure cases (n=64; 8.1% of total PPCM) were noted between 5 and 12 months after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of PPCM was 1 in 1741 deliveries in South Korea. Patients with PPCM were older, were more associated with primiparity and multiple pregnancy, had more pregnancy-related complications, and revealed higher in-hospital mortality than controls. The number of cases diagnosed as PPCM were decreased over time after delivery; however, a large number of patients were still noted through 12 months after delivery.
Sex differences in cardiovascular risk factors and disease prevention.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been seen as a men's disease for decades, however it is more common in women than in men. It is generally assumed in medicine that the effects of the major risk factors (RF) on CVD outcomes are the same in women as in men. Recent evidence has emerged that recognizes new, potentially independent, CVD RF exclusive to women. In particular, common disorders of pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension and diabetes, as well as frequently occurring endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age (e.g. polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and early menopause) are associated with accelerated development of CVD and impaired CVD-free survival. With the recent availability of prospective studies comprising men and women, the equivalency of major RF prevalence and effects on CVD between men and women can be examined. Furthermore, female-specific RFs might be identified enabling early detection of apparently healthy women with a high lifetime risk of CVD. Therefore, we examined the available literature regarding the prevalence and effects of the traditional major RFs for CVD in men and women. This included large prospective cohort studies, cross-sectional studies and registries, as randomised trials are lacking. Furthermore, a literature search was performed to examine the impact of female-specific RFs on the traditional RFs and the occurrence of CVD. We found that the effects of elevated blood pressure, overweight and obesity, and elevated cholesterol on CVD outcomes are largely similar between women and men, however prolonged smoking is significantly more hazardous for women than for men. With respect to female-specific RF only associations (and no absolute risk data) could be found between preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and menopause onset with the occurrence of CVD. This review shows that CVD is the main cause of death in men and women, however the prevalence is higher in women. Determination of the CV risk profile should take into account that there are differences in impact of major CV RF leading to a worse outcome in women. Lifestyle interventions and awareness in women needs more consideration. Furthermore, there is accumulating evidence that female-specific RF are of influence on the impact of major RF and on the onset of CVD. Attention for female specific RF may enable early detection and intervention in apparently healthy women. Studies are needed on how to implement the added RF's in current risk assessment and management strategies to maximize benefit and cost-effectiveness specific in women.
The Relationship between Gestational Diabetes Metabolic Control and Fetal Autonomic Regulation, Movement and Birth Weight.; (1) Background: Maternal metabolic control in gestational diabetes is suggested to influence fetal autonomic control and movement activity, which may have fetal outcome implications. We aimed to analyze the relationship between maternal metabolic control, fetal autonomic heart rate regulation, activity and birth weight. (2) Methods: Prospective noninterventional longitudinal cohort monitoring study accompanying 19 patients with specialist clinical care for gestational diabetes. Monthly fetal magnetocardiography with electro-physiologically-based beat-to-beat heart rate recording for analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) and the 'fetal movement index' (FMI) was performed. Data were compared to 167 healthy pregnant women retrieved from our pre-existing study database. (3) Results: Fetal vagal tone was increased with gestational diabetes compared to controls, whereas sympathetic tone and FMI did not differ. Within the diabetic population, sympathetic activation was associated with higher maternal blood-glucose levels. Maternal blood-glucose levels correlated positively with birth weight z scores. FMI showed no correlation with birth weight but attenuated the positive correlation between maternal blood-glucose levels and birth weight. (4) Conclusion: Fetal autonomic control is altered by gestational diabetes and maternal blood-glucose level, even if metabolic adjustment and outcome is comparable to healthy controls.
The Effects of a Low GI Diet on Cardiometabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Patients with Type 2 and Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials.; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally, and its effect on patients and the healthcare system can be significant. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes are well established risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and strategies for managing these conditions include dietary interventions, such as the use of a low glycemic index (GI) diet. AIMS: This review aimed to evaluate the effects of a low GI diet on the cardio-metabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes and women with GDM and assess whether the effects are different in these conditions. METHODS: This review was based on the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Three databases (EMBASE, Pubmed, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception to 20 February 2019 using search terms that included synonyms and Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) in line with the population, intervention, comparator, outcomes, and studies (PICOS) framework. Studies were evaluated for the quality and risk of bias. RESULTS: 10 randomised controlled studies were included in the systematic review, while 9 were selected for the meta-analysis. Two distinct areas were identified: the effect of a low GI diet on lipid profile and the effect of a low GI diet on inflammatory parameters. The results of the meta-analysis showed that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets with respect to total cholesterol, HDL, and LDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, there was a significant difference (p = 0.027) with respect to triglyceride which increased by a mean of 0.06 mmol/L (0.01, 0.11) in patients with type 2 diabetes on higher GI diet. With respect to the women with GDM, the findings from the systematic review were not consistent in terms of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile. The results of the meta-analysis did not show significant differences (p > 0.05) between low GI and higher GI diets with respect to adiponectin and C-reactive proteins in patients with type 2 diabetes, but a significant difference (p < 0.001) was observed between the two groups in relation to interleukin-6. CONCLUSION: This systematic review and meta-analysis have demonstrated that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets in relation to total cholesterol-HDL and LDL cholesterol-in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, a significant difference (p < 0.05) was observed between the two groups with respect to triglyceride in patients with type 2 diabetes. The results of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile in patients with GDM were not consistent. With respect to the inflammatory parameters, the low GI diet significantly decreased interleukin-6 in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to the higher GI diet. More studies are needed in this area of research.
Maternal Cardiac Function in Pregnancies with Metabolic Disorders.; The obesity epidemic is growing and poses significant risks to pregnancy. Metabolic impairment can be associated with short- and long-term maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The cardiovascular implications are known in those with metabolic disorder outside of pregnancy; however, little is known of the cardiac function in pregnancies complicated by obesity. Maternal cardiac adaptation plays a vital role in normal pregnancy and is known to be involved in the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Bariatric surgery is the most successful treatment for sustainable weight loss and pre-pregnancy bariatric surgery can drastically change the maternal metabolic profile and pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we discuss the available evidence on maternal cardiac function in pregnancies affected by obesity and its associated consequences of gestational diabetes and hypertension (chronic and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy), as well as pregnancies following bariatric surgery.
Maternal ophthalmic artery doppler velocimetry in type 1 diabetes during pregnancy.; Our purpose was to evaluate whether maternal ophthalmic artery pulsatility index (PI) in normotensive pregnancies with type 1 diabetes is different from that in normal normotensive pregnancies. The ophthalmic artery in 15 normal normotensive pregnant women, and 13 normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was studied once with colour Doppler flow imaging and pulsed Doppler ultrasonography after 16 weeks gestation. The heart rate, mean arterial blood pressure, and ophthalmic artery PI were calculated in each group. The PI (1.94 +/- 0.45) in normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was significantly lower than that (2.73 +/- 0.32) in normal normotensive pregnant women (P < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in maternal heart rate or mean arterial blood pressure between the two groups. These results suggest that vascular resistance in the maternal orbital circulation is reduced in pregnancies with type 1 diabetes that are normotensive. The lower PI in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes should be interpreted as orbital vascular vasodilatation, indicating orbital hyperperfusion or hyperaemia.
Pregnancy as an Early Cardiovascular Moment: Peripartum Cardiovascular Health.; Pregnancy is commonly referred to as a window into future CVH (cardiovascular health). During pregnancy, physiological adaptations occur to promote the optimal growth and development of the fetus. However, in approximately 20% of pregnant individuals, these perturbations result in cardiovascular and metabolic complications, which include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational age infant. The biological processes that lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes begin before pregnancy with higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes observed among those with poor prepregnancy CVH. Individuals who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes are also at higher risk of subsequent development of cardiovascular disease, which is largely explained by the interim development of traditional risk factors, such as hypertension and diabetes. Therefore, the peripartum period, which includes the period before (prepregnancy), during, and after pregnancy (postpartum), represents an early cardiovascular moment or window of opportunity when CVH should be measured, monitored, and modified (if needed). However, it remains unclear whether adverse pregnancy outcomes reflect latent risk for cardiovascular disease that is unmasked in pregnancy or if adverse pregnancy outcomes are themselves an independent and causal risk factor for future cardiovascular disease. Understanding the pathophysiologic mechanisms and pathways linking prepregnancy CVH, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cardiovascular disease are necessary to develop strategies tailored for each stage in the peripartum period. Emerging evidence suggests the utility of subclinical cardiovascular disease screening with biomarkers (eg, natriuretic peptides) or imaging (eg, computed tomography for coronary artery calcium or echocardiography for adverse cardiac remodeling) to identify risk-enriched postpartum populations and target for more intensive strategies with health behavior interventions or pharmacological treatments. However, evidence-based guidelines focused on adults with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are needed to prioritize the prevention of cardiovascular disease during the reproductive years and beyond.
Genetic contributions to risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), low birthweight (LBW), and preterm birth (PTB), along with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are associated with short- and long-term maternal and fetal cardiovascular risks. This review focuses on the genetic contributions to the risk of APOs and PPCM. RECENT FINDINGS: The expansion of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) has led to better understanding of the biologic mechanisms underpinning APO, PPCM, and the predisposition to cardiovascular disease across the life course. Genetic loci known to be involved with the risk of hypertension (FTO, ZNF831) have been associated with the development of overall HDP and preeclampsia. Additionally, four loci significantly associated with type 2 diabetes have been associated with GDM (CDKAL1, MTNR1B, TCF7L2, CDK2NA-CDKN2B). Variants in loci known to affect genes coding for proteins involved in immune cell function and placental health (EBF1, EEFSEC, AGTR2, 2q13) have been implicated in the development of PTB and future cardiovascular risks for both the mother and the offspring. Genetic similarities in rare variants between PPCM and dilated cardiomyopathy have been described suggesting shared pathophysiologic origins as well as predisposition for future risk of heart failure, highlighting the need for the development PPCM genetic counseling guidelines. SUMMARY: Genetics may inform mechanisms, risk, and counseling for individuals after an APO or PPCM. Through recent advances in genetic techniques and analytic approaches, new insights into the underlying biologic mechanisms and genetic variants leading to these risks have been discovered.
Management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy.; During the past decade, our major objective in the management of pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus has become normalization of maternal and, therefore, fetal glucose levels. For most women with insulin-dependent diabetes, this goal may be achieved through the use of multiple insulin injections combined with an appropriate dietary intake. The results of such therapy can now be accurately assessed by means of home glucose monitoring. Patients with gestational diabetes can be properly treated only if they are first identified. Therefore, all pregnant women should be tested for this disorder because screening based on past obstetric history or clinical criteria alone may miss up to 50% of patients with gestational diabetes. Between 1980 and 1984, the perinatal mortality rate reported in the American literature for more than 800 insulin-dependent patients was 21 per 1000, with more than 50% of these deaths resulting from major malformations. Such data emphasize the need to achieve maternal euglycemia before conception, as poor maternal control has been associated with teratogenesis. Prepregnancy assessment should also include a thorough evaluation of maternal vasculopathy.
Laboratory diagnosis of gestational diabetes: An in silico investigation into the effects of pre-analytical processing on the diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of the oral glucose tolerance test.; INTRODUCTION: Delayed separation of red cells from plasma causes pre analytical glucose loss, which in turn results in an under-diagnosis of GDM (gestational diabetes) based on the OGTT (oral glucose tolerance test). In silico investigations may help laboratory decision making, when exploring pragmatic improvements to sample processing. METHODS: Late pregnancy 0, 1 and 2h 75g OGTT values were obtained from two distinct populations of pregnant women: 1. Values derived from the HAPO (Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome) Study and 2. New Zealand women identified as at higher risk of GDM by their caregivers, undergoing OGTT during routine antenatal care. In both populations studied, in silico modelling focussed on the effects of pre-analytical delays in plasma separation, when using fluoride collection tubes. RESULTS: Using a model that 'batched' samples from the three OGTT collection times, diagnostic sensitivity was estimated as follows: 66.1% for HAPO research population and 48.4% for the 1305 women receiving routine antenatal care. If samples were not batched, but processed shortly after each blood sample was collected, then sensitivity increased to 81%. CONCLUSION: Exploration of a range of clinical and laboratory scenarios using in silico modelling, showed that delaying the processing of pregnancy OGTT samples, using batched sample collection into fluoride tubes, causes unacceptable loss of GDM diagnostic sensitivity across two distinct population groups. This modelling approach will hopefully provide information that helps with final decision making around improved laboratory processing techniques.
Cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the cardiovascular disease risk factor profiles of parous women with a history of gestational diabetes who had not developed diabetes, parous women with diagnosed diabetes, and parous women with neither condition. METHODS: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of 4,631 parous women who were not currently pregnant in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994). Women were classified by self-report as having a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetic (n=85), diagnosed diabetics (n=218), or as having neither condition (n=4,328). We compared these groups with respect to cholesterol subtypes, blood pressure, uric acid, microalbuminuria, insulin, glucose, and clustering of risk factors, before and after adjustment for demographic and behavioral factors and central obesity. RESULTS: In unadjusted comparisons, women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics had a more favorable or similar risk factor profile compared with unaffected women, with two exceptions: greater levels of mean fasting glucose (94.0 mg/dL compared with 106.8 mg/dL, P<.001) and mean fasting insulin (10.2 international units/L compared with 14.0 international units/L, P<.001). These patterns were attenuated after adjustment for demographic factors and waist circumference, but remained significant for fasting glucose and the ratio of urine microalbumin/creatinine. Parous women with diagnosed diabetes had significantly worse cardiovascular disease risk profiles than unaffected women before and after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics have a similar cardiovascular disease risk profile to unaffected women, with the exception of insulin and glucose levels.
Pregnancy in a patient with cancer and heart failure: challenges and complexities.; A 24-year-old African American female (L.R.) with a history of smoking and gestational diabetes was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma. She received multiple chemotherapies, including six cycles of ABVD (doxorubicin, bleomycin, vinblastine, and dacarbazine), followed by radiation therapy to left inguinal areas for a total of 30.6 Gy in 17 fractions; she obtained complete remission. Two years later, L.R. had disease relapse in the mediastinum and received two cycles of ESHAP (etoposide, methylprednisolone, high-dose cytarabine, cisplatin) followed by etoposide and ifosfamide. She then received BEAM (carmustine, etoposide, cytarabine, and melphalan) as a conditioning regimen and underwent autologous bone marrow transplant. Her post-transplant course was complicated by cytomegalovirus antigenemia, aspergillus pneumonia, and congestive heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of 20%-25%. She was treated with an ACE inhibitor (lisinopril) and a beta-blocker (carvedilol) with improvement of her LVEF to 30%-35%. A follow-up chest x-ray showed an increase in the size of the anterior mediastinal adenopathy suspicious for relapse of lymphoma, and at the same time she was also found to be 5 weeks pregnant. Given her cardiomyopathy, significant obesity, poorly controlled diabetes, and cancer recurrence, L.R. was advised by her gynecologist that the pregnancy was very high risk and might not be viable. The oncologists advised her to terminate the pregnancy within the first trimester, as she needed salvage radiotherapy treatment to the mediastinum and chemotherapy treatments that might endanger the fetus. However, the patient decided to continue with the pregnancy. A multidisciplinary team-which included a cardiologist, oncologist, high-risk obstetrician, pharmacist, and nurse practitioner-was then involved to provide care during the pregnancy. A social worker was also solicited to help with home and financial issues because L.R. was a single mother with a 2-year-old son. L.R. was treated with carvedilol and furosemide, with monthly cardiology clinical follow-up during the first and second trimesters, then every 2 weeks starting with the 28th week, and weekly thereafter until delivery. Between visits, she notified the clinic for symptoms of heart failure exacerbation and was seen as necessary. The possible in utero effects of both medications were discussed with the patient. L.R. had a normal uncomplicated pregnancy and delivered a 6-pound, 10-ounce healthy boy at 39 weeks via vaginal delivery and was discharged home 2 days later. A week after delivery, L.R. presented to the cardiology clinic in good spirits and was excited to show pictures of her newborn baby. She had no cardiac complaints and the repeat echocardiogram showed an unchanged LVEF of 30%-35%.
Rural/urban disparities in the trends and outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy in delivery hospitalizations.; BACKGROUND: Rural-urban disparities in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are not well known. We examined rural-urban differences in maternal, fetal, and cardiovascular outcomes in PPCM during delivery hospitalizations. METHODS: We used 2003-2020 data from the National Inpatient Sample for delivery hospitalizations in individuals with PPCM. The 9th and 10th editions of the International Classification of Diseases were used to identify PPCM and cardiovascular, maternal, and fetal outcomes. Rural and urban hospitalizations for PPCM were 1:1 propensity score-matched using relevant clinical and sociodemographic variables. Odds of in-hospital mortality were assessed using logistic regression. RESULTS: Among 72,880 delivery hospitalizations with PPCM, 4,571 occurred in rural locations, while 68,309 occurred in urban locations. After propensity matching, there were a total of 4,571 rural-urban pairs. There was significantly higher in-hospital mortality in urban compared to rural hospitalizations (adjusted OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.10-1.89). Urban PPCM hospitalizations had significantly higher cardiogenic shock (2.9% vs. 1.3%), mechanical circulatory support (1.0% vs. 0.6%), cardiac arrest (2.3% vs. 0.9%), and VT/VF (4.5% vs. 2.1%, all p <.05). Additionally, urban PPCM hospitalizations had worse maternal and fetal outcomes as compared to rural hospitalizations, including higher preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, and fetal death (all p<.05). Notably, significantly more rural individuals were transferred to a short-term hospital (including tertiary care centers) compared to urban individuals (13.5% vs. 3.2%, p<.0001). CONCLUSIONS: There are significant rural-urban disparities in delivery hospitalizations with PPCM. Worse outcomes were associated with urban hospitalizations, while rural PPCM hospitalizations were associated with increased transfers, suggesting inadequate resources and advanced sickness.
Pregnancy Complications and Later Development of Hypertension.; Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and diabetes affect approximately 5 to 10 % of all pregnancies and compromise maternal and fetal health during gestation. Complications during pregnancy may also contribute to the development of hypertension and future cardiovascular risk in the mother. Moreover, fetal exposure to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy can program hypertension and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Transgenerational transmission of programmed cardiovascular risk highlights the importance of understanding the mechanisms that link complications during pregnancy with later hypertension in her offspring and subsequent generations. However, experimental studies are needed to investigate the cause and effect of increased blood pressure in the mother following a complicated pregnancy and provide insight into the development of preventative measures that may improve the long-term cardiovascular health of women and their offspring.
Plasma and urinary inositol isomer profiles measured by UHPLC-MS/MS reveal differences in scyllo-inositol levels between non-pregnant and pregnant women.; Previous studies support that myo- and D-chiro-inositol isomers are promising bioactives for the treatment of women with polycystic ovary syndrome and for lowering the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women, whereas scyllo-inositol may have some benefits for neurological disorders (e.g., Alzheimer's disease). Though potentially useful to better understand inositol isomer metabolism and study their role in health and disease, routine analysis of inositol isomers in plasma and urine with a single analytical method is not yet feasible due to the lack of a suitable analytical assay. To address this, we developed and validated a robust ultra-high-performance-liquid chromatography tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS) method for the quantification of inositol isomers in plasma and urine. This method resolves seven inositol isomers with accurate quantification of total chiro- (D and L enantiomers), myo-, and scyllo-inositols and is semi-quantitative for neo-inositol. For urine and plasma myo-inositol, the method repeatability and intermediate reproducibility were below 6% and 8%, respectively. Then, for both chiro- and scyllo-inositols, repeatability and intermediate reproducibility were below 10% and 14%, respectively. A pilot study was carried out to quantify and compare the pattern of inositol isomers in urine and plasma of non-pregnant and pregnant women and showed for the first time that urinary myo- and scyllo-inositol concentrations were significantly higher for women in the third trimester of pregnancy compared with non-pregnant women. These findings warrant further research to understand the biological significance of the observed differences in inositol profiles and suggest a potential role of scyllo-inositol.Graphical abstract Plasma and urinary inositol isomer profiles measured by UHPLC-MS/MS reveal differences in scyllo-inositol levels between non-pregnant and pregnant women.
Engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells.; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through stress-induced dysfunction of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Although several approaches have been previously explored to restore endothelial function, their widespread adoption remains tampered by systemic side effects of adjuvant drugs and unintended immune response of gene therapies. Here, we report a strategy to rejuvenate circulating vascular progenitor cells by conjugation of drug-loaded liposomal nanoparticles directly to the surface of GDM-exposed ECFCs (GDM-ECFCs). Bioactive nanoparticles can be robustly conjugated to the surface of ECFCs without altering cell viability and key progenitor phenotypes. Moreover, controlled delivery of therapeutic drugs to GDM-ECFCs is able to normalize transgelin (TAGLN) expression and improve cell migration, which is a critical key step in establishing functional vascular networks. More importantly, sustained pseudo-autocrine stimulation with bioactive nanoparticles is able to improve in vitro and in vivo vasculogenesis of GDM-ECFCs. Collectively, these findings highlight a simple, yet promising strategy to rejuvenate GDM-ECFCs and improve their therapeutic potential. Promising results from this study warrant future investigations on the prospect of the proposed strategy to improve dysfunctional vascular progenitor cells in the context of other chronic diseases, which has broad implications for addressing various cardiovascular complications, as well as advancing tissue repair and regenerative medicine.
Live Birth Following Uterine Transplantation From a Nulliparous Deceased Donor.; BACKGROUND: Nulliparous uterine grafts have never been used in uterus transplantation (UTx), possibly due to presumed infertility. Our objective was to verify the feasibility of nulliparous uterine graft transplantation. METHODS: The Czech Uterus Transplant Trial (registered under ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT03277430) is a 2-arm trial comparing the efficacy of deceased donor (DD) versus live-donor uterus transplant (10 patients in both arms). A 25-year-old patient suffering from inborn absolute uterine factor infertility underwent a DD uterus transplant. The donor was a 20-year-old nulliparous brain-dead donor. RESULTS: The transplant procedure was uneventful. The posttransplant period was complicated by (1) recurrent episodes of acute cellular rejection, (2) neutropenia necessitating the administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, (3) vaginal anastomotic stenosis treated with the insertion of a self-expanding stent, (4) the concurrence of Clostridium difficile colitis and acute appendicitis, and (5) temporary renal function impairment of a combined cause. Two years after the UTx, after the fourth embryo transfer, the patient became pregnant. Apart from gestational diabetes mellitus, the pregnancy was uneventful. Due to preterm contractions, delivery was achieved via caesarean section at gestational age 34 + 6 years. The postoperative course was uneventful for both the mother and the newborn. CONCLUSIONS: Herein, we report the first live birth after a DD UTx in Europe. This report provides a proof of concept that nulliparous uteri may present a suitable source of uterine grafts for UTx. Stenting may serve as a feasible treatment method for vaginal anastomotic stenosis.
Metabolic and vascular abnormalities in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes: the early start of a dangerous situation.; Various groups at risk for type 2 diabetes have been identified, including individuals with family history of type 2 diabetes, obesity, prior gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia and particularly those with pre-diabetes (impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose). To various degrees, all these groups have also been identified with significant vascular abnormalities that range from endothelial dysfunction and low-grade or sub-clinical inflammation to evident atherosclerosis. The mechanisms involved in establishing a link between the risk of type 2 diabetes and vascular dysfunction are multiple and complex. The presence in the circulation of various cytokines, hormones and substrates associated with increased visceral fat and insulin resistance, the frequent appearance of associated cardiovascular risk factors and/or the possibility of some genetically determined intrinsic vascular abnormalities are all explanatory mechanisms that are being evaluated in clinical research. Whereas the possibility of appreciating a significant reduction in cardiovascular outcomes in long-term prospective clinical trials in all these groups at risk for type 2 diabetes is still lacking, understanding these mechanisms and recognizing how various interventions may improve vascular health is a worthwhile area of research that may translate into important clinical strategies to reduce the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
School-age children born to diabetic mothers and to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit a high rate of inattention and fine and gross motor impairment.; OBJECTIVES: To study the neurobehavioral effects that pregestational and gestational diabetes might have on offspring at school age. STUDY DESIGN: We studied neurobehavioral function at school age of 57 children born to 48, well controlled, diabetic mothers and of 32 children born to 32 women with gestational diabetes. Their development was compared with 57 control children matched by age, birth order and parental socio-economic status, using a number of cognitive, behavioral, sensory and motor neurological tests. RESULTS: The IQ scores on the WISC-R and Bender tests of the children born to diabetic mothers were similar to those of control children, but the Bender scores of the children born to mothers with gestational diabetes were slightly lower. No differences were found between the study groups in various sensory-motor functions in comparison to controls. However, both study group children performed less well than controls in fine and gross motor functions as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzki test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to the mothers with pregestational diabetes were higher than controls on the Touwen & Prechtl neurological examination (worse function). The children from both research groups also performed worse on the Pollack taper test that is designed to detect inattention and hyperactivity. The children of the two study groups also had slightly higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parents-teachers questionnaire measuring hyperactivity and inattention, but the differences from controls were not statistically significant. We found a negative correlation between the performance of the children born to mothers with pregestational diabetes on various neurodevelopmental and behavioral tests and the severity of maternal hyperglycemia as assessed by blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels and acetonuria. CONCLUSIONS: Pregestational or gestational diabetes was found to adversely affect attention span and motor functions of offspring at school age, but not their cognitive ability. These effects were negatively correlated with the degree of maternal glycemic control, and were more pronounced in younger children.
Maternal cardiovascular events in autoimmune rheumatic diseases and antiphospholipid syndrome pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) and autoimmune rheumatic diseases (ARDs) are known to increase the risk for cardiovascular events (CVEs) in the general population.(,) However, research in pregnancy is limited. We compared the occurrence of acute CVEs in pregnant women with and without ARDs or primary APS using a Californian population-based cohort. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant individuals who delivered singleton infants in California between 2005 and 2020. Birth certificates were linked by the Study of Outcomes of Mothers and Infants to maternal records. The study was approved by institutional review boards of the State of California and the University of California San Diego. Pregnancies with ARDs were identified by ≥1 International Classification of Diseases (ICD) code for rheumatoid arthritis (RA), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), spondyloarthritis, Sjogren’s syndrome, and other ARDs (systemic sclerosis, inflammatory myositis, and vasculitides) in maternal hospital discharge, emergency, or ambulatory surgery records. Lupus nephritis (LN) was defined as SLE plus glomerulonephritis, renal failure, nephritic or nephrotic syndrome, or proteinuria. Primary APS included women with APS without concurrent ARDs. Women without ARDs or APS comprised the reference group. Acute CVEs during pregnancy and up to 6 weeks postpartum were identified by ICD codes and compared between groups. CVEs were classified as myocardial infarction, cardiovascular accident, heart failure and peripartum cardiomyopathy, inflammatory heart diseases, cardiac dysrhythmias, and venous thromboembolism (VTE). Covariates identified and adjusted for include age, race and ethnicity, insurance, education, prepregnancy body mass index, preexisting hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, depression, and substance use disorders. A log linear regression with a Poisson distribution was used to estimate the adjusted relative risks (aRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations of ARDs and APS with CVEs. Analyses were performed using Statistical Analysis Software (SAS), version 9.4 (SAS Institute, Cary, NC). Causal mediation analyses were performed for potential mediators, such as gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Overall, 19,340 women had ARDs, 7758 had primary APS, and 7,004,334 had neither condition. The ARD and APS groups had more traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Acute CVEs were observed in 2.0% of ARD cases (388/19,340), 7.0% of primary APS cases (540/7,758), and 0.4% of reference group cases (24,402/7,004,334). The aRR for CVEs in the ARD and APS groups in comparison with the reference group was 4.1-fold (95% CI, 3.7–4.5) and 14.7-fold (95% CI, 13.5–16.0), respectively (Table). Of the 388 CVEs that occurred in women with ARDs, 164 (42%) were VTEs, 96 (25%) were heart failure or peripartum cardiomyopathy, and 92 (24%) were cardiac dysrhythmias. In primary APS cases, 453 of 540 (83%) CVEs were VTE. Acute CVEs occurred in 3.1% (159/8,422) of patients with overall SLE, in 10.7% (55/513) of patients with SLE with APS, and in 8.5% (77/903) of patients with SLE with LN (Table). The aRR for CVEs was 6-fold higher among those with SLE (95% CI, 5.3–6.8) and was notably increased with concurrent APS or LN, with aRRs of 18.1 (95% CI, 13.9–23.6) and 12.7 (95% CI, 10.1–15.9), respectively (Figure). The risks for both VTE and non-VTE CVEs was increased among pregnancies affected by ARD and APS (Figure). Five of 6 in-hospital deaths in ARD pregnancies (5/388 or 1.3%) occurred among women with acute CVEs (Table). The risks for CVEs were higher during all perinatal periods. In mediation analyses, 11.2% of the excess risk for CVE in ARD pregnancies was mediated by preeclampsia, whereas <0.5% was mediated by gestational diabetes or hypertension. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies affected by ARDs and APS had both more traditional cardiovascular risk factors and about a 4-fold and 15-fold higher CVE risk, respectively, than the reference group. Pregnancies affected by SLE with APS (18.1-fold) and LN (12.7-fold) had substantial increased risks for CVEs. VTEs were the most frequently observed CVEs. The in-hospital mortality rate for any acute CVE in ARD pregnancies was 1.3% (Table).
[Documento de consenso de la Sociedad Española de Obstetricia y Ginecologia (SEGO) y el Comité Español Interdisciplinario para la Prevención Vascular (CEIPV). Ventana de oportunidad: prevención del riesgo vascular en la mujer. Resultados adversos del embarazo y riesgo de enfermedad vascular.].; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.
Perinatal and Postpartum Health Among People With Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities.; IMPORTANCE: Small, geographically limited studies report that people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have increased risk for serious pregnancy-related and birth-related challenges, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and increased anxiety and depression, than their peers. United States-based population-level data among people with IDD are lacking. OBJECTIVES: To identify perinatal and postpartum outcomes among a national, longitudinal sample of people with IDD enrolled in public health insurance, compare subgroups of people with IDD, and compare outcomes among people with IDD with those of peers without IDD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This retrospective cohort study used national Medicaid claims from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2019, for 55 440 birthing people with IDD and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD. Medicaid funds almost half of all births and is the largest behavioral health insurer in the US, covering a robust array of services for people with IDD. Statistical analysis was performed from July 2023 to June 2024. EXPOSURE: People who had a documented birth in Medicaid during the study years. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES: Perinatal outcomes were compared across groups using univariate and multivariate logistic regression. The probability of postpartum anxiety and depression was estimated using Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: The study sample included 55 440 birthing people with IDD (including 41 854 with intellectual disabilities [ID] and 13 586 with autism; mean [SD] age at first delivery, 24.9 [6.7] years) and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD (mean [SD] age at first delivery, 26.4 [6.3] years). People with IDD were younger at first observed delivery, had a lower prevalence of live births (66.6% vs 76.7%), and higher rates of obstetric conditions (gestational diabetes, 10.3% vs 9.9%; gestational hypertension, 8.7% vs 6.1%; preeclampsia, 6.1% vs 4.4%) and co-occurring physical conditions (heart failure, 1.4% vs 0.4%; hyperlipidemia, 5.3% vs 1.7%; ischemic heart disease, 1.5% vs 0.4%; obesity, 16.3% vs 7.4%) and mental health conditions (anxiety disorders, 27.9% vs 6.5%; depressive disorders, 32.1% vs 7.5%; posttraumatic stress disorder, 9.5% vs 1.2%) than people without IDD. The probability of postpartum anxiety (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 3.2 [95% CI, 2.9-3.4]) and postpartum depression (AHR, 2.4 [95% CI, 2.3-2.6]) was significantly higher among autistic people compared with people with ID only and people without IDD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this retrospective cohort study, people with IDD had a younger mean age at first delivery, had lower prevalence of live births, and had poor obstetric, mental health, and medical outcomes compared with people without IDD, pointing toward a need for clinician training and timely delivery of maternal health care. Results highlight needed reproductive health education, increasing clinician knowledge, and expanding Medicaid to ensure access to care for people with IDD.
Maternal diet quality and associations with plasma lipid profiles and pregnancy-related cardiometabolic health.; PURPOSE: To assess the relationship of early pregnancy maternal diet quality (DQ) with maternal plasma lipids and indicators of cardiometabolic health, including blood pressure (BP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational weight gain (GWG). METHODS: Women (n = 215) aged 18-40 years with singleton pregnancies were recruited at 10-20 weeks gestation. Diet quality was assessed by the Dietary Guideline Index, calculated at early ([mean ± SD]) (15 ± 3 weeks) and late (35 ± 2 weeks) pregnancy. Lipidomic analysis was performed, and 698 species across 37 lipid classes were measured from plasma blood samples collected at early (15 ± 3 weeks) and mid (27 ± 3 weeks)-pregnancy. Clinical measures (BP, GDM diagnosis, weight) and blood samples were collected across pregnancy. Multiple linear and logistic regression models assessed associations of early pregnancy DQ with plasma lipids at early and mid-pregnancy, BP at three antenatal visits, GDM diagnosis and total GWG. RESULTS: Maternal DQ scores ([mean ± SD]) decreased significantly from early (70.7 ± 11.4) to late pregnancy (66.5 ± 12.6) (p < 0.0005). At a false discovery rate of 0.2, early pregnancy DQ was significantly associated with 13 plasma lipids at mid-pregnancy, including negative associations with six triglycerides (TGs); TG(54:0)[NL-18:0] (neutral loss), TG(50:1)[NL-14:0], TG(48:0)[NL-18:0], TG(52:1)[NL-18:0], TG(54:1)[NL-18:1], TG(50:0)[NL-18:0]. No statistically significant associations were found between early pregnancy DQ and BP, GDM or GWG. CONCLUSION: Maternal diet did not adhere to Australian Dietary Guidelines. Diet quality was inversely associated with multiple plasma TGs. This study provides novel insights into the relationship between DQ, lipid biomarkers and cardiometabolic health during pregnancy.
Pregnancy-Related Complications and Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review.; Pregnancy-related complications are associated with a higher risk of various incident cardiovascular diseases, but their specific potential relationship with incident atrial fibrillation (AF) is less clear. This systematic review summarises the available evidence from observational studies which have examined associations between pregnancy-related complications and the risk of AF. MEDLINE and EMBASE (Ovid) were searched for studies between 1990 to 10 February 2022. Pregnancy-related complications examined included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age and stillbirth. Study selection, data extraction and quality assessment were completed independently by two reviewers. Narrative synthesis was used to evaluate the results of the included studies. Nine observational studies were included, with eight eligible for narrative synthesis. Sample sizes ranged from 1839 to 2,359,386. Median follow-up ranged from 2 to 36 years. Six studies reported that pregnancy-related complications were associated with a significantly increased risk of incident AF. Hazard ratios (HRs) (95% confidence intervals) for the four studies that evaluated HDP ranged from 1.1 (0.8-1.6) to 1.9 (1.4-2.7). For the four studies that evaluated pre-eclampsia, HRs ranged from 1.2 (0.9-1.6) to 1.9 (1.7-2.2). Current evidence from observational studies suggests pregnancy-related complications are associated with a significantly higher risk of incident AF. However, only a small number of studies examining each pregnancy-related complication were identified, and considerable statistical heterogeneity was observed. Further large-scale prospective studies are required to confirm the association between pregnancy-related complications and incident AF.
Maternal exposure to diets containing flaxseed flour or flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation protects the aortic remodeling in adult male offspring of diabetic rat dams.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular complications in the fetus and extends into adulthood. Therapeutic applications of flaxseed have been studied in cardiovascular disorders, because its oilseed is the best plant source of omega-3 fatty acid, which is currently considered by researchers to be an essential protective against cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and oil on cardiovascular biochemical parameters and the histoarchitecture of the aorta in adult rats which were offspring of diabetic mothers. RESULTS: At 100 days of age in offspring it was observed that maternal consumption of a high-fat diet containing flaxseed oil (FOG) and flaxseed flour (FFG) did not affect the serum concentration of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, vascular endothelial growth factor, cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density-, low-density- or very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. However, the thickness of the intima media layer of the aorta was significantly smaller in FOG and FFG groups; the lumen area was similar among the groups; and a higher percentage of elastic fiber was found in FOG and FFG groups. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that the use of both flaxseed flour and its oil reduces the remodeling of the aorta; however; it has not been possible to modify the cardiovascular biochemical parameters.
Maternal morbidity and risk of death at delivery hospitalization.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of underlying maternal morbidities on the odds of maternal death during delivery hospitalization. METHODS: We used data that linked birth certificates to hospital discharge diagnoses from singleton live births at 22 weeks of gestation or later during 1995-2003 in New York City. Maternal morbidities examined included prepregnancy weight more than 114 kilograms (250 pounds), chronic hypertension, pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic cardiovascular disease, pulmonary hypertension, chronic lung disease, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and preeclampsia or eclampsia. Associations with maternal mortality were estimated using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: During the specified time period, 1,084,862 live singleton births and 132 maternal deaths occurred. Patients with increasing maternal age, non-Hispanic black ethnicity, self-pay or Medicaid, primary cesarean delivery, and premature delivery had higher rates of maternal mortality during delivery hospitalization. From the entire study population, 4.1% had preeclampsia or eclampsia (n=44,004), 1.8% had chronic hypertension (n=19,647), 1.1% of patients were classified as obese (n=11,936), 0.7% had pregestational diabetes (n=7,474), 0.4% had HIV (n=4,665), and 0.01% had pulmonary hypertension (n=166). Preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 8.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.5-12.1), chronic hypertension (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 4.7-12.5), underlying maternal obesity (adjusted OR, 2.9; 95% CI 1.1-8.1), pregestational diabetes (adjusted OR, 3.3; 95% CI 1.3-8.1), HIV (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 3.4-17.8), and pulmonary hypertension (adjusted OR, 65.1; 95% CI 15.8-269.3) were associated with an increased risk of death during the delivery hospitalization. CONCLUSION: The presence of maternal disease significantly increases the odds of maternal mortality at the time of delivery hospitalization. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia: analysis of 1396 cases.; Preeclampsia is a major cause of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, but how to identify women and fetuses at increased risk for later adverse events is a challenge. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia. Data from 1396 women with preeclampsia were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Eighteen candidate risk factors and 12 adverse outcomes were investigated. The following factors were found to be significantly associated with at least one adverse outcome: maternal age 35 years or older, multiple birth, the usage of assisted reproductive technology, living in a rural area, history of pregnancy-induced hypertension, male fetus, multigravida, or having polycystic ovary syndrome, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid disease, or liver disease. Compared with patients without any identified risk factors, patients with preeclampsia with three or more risk factors were at increased risk for severe adverse outcomes. Those findings demonstrated that maternal risk factors could be used as indicators supplementary to clinical symptoms and laboratory test results for the risk assessment in women with preeclampsia.
Diabetes Mellitus and Related Admission Factors Among Hospitalized Patients in King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.; Background Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a rapidly increasing serious health problem that affects the population all over the world. The increasing prevalence of DM in Saudi Arabia is reflected in our hospital admissions as well. This study aimed to assess the proportion of DM (including type 1 and type 2 diabetes) among hospitalized patients and the reasons for admissions to the medical unit at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital (KAUH) in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Methods We conducted a hospital record-based cross-sectional study at KAUH from January to April 2021. The study included all adult patients admitted to the internal medicine wards and isolation unit but excluded patients in the coronary care unit and those with gestational diabetes. We reviewed the medical records to collect demographic data, causes of admission, laboratory results, and outcomes. Results Among the hospitalized patients, 49.9% had DM. The most common associated risk factors and causes of admission among patients with DM were hypertension (HTN; 73.2%) and dyslipidemia (43.1%). Other less common reasons for admission were heart failure (20.6%), coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19; 17.8%), chronic kidney disease (CKD; 14.5%), pneumonia (12.3%), and stroke (10%). Dyslipidemia, HTN, CKD, diabetic ketoacidosis, heart failure, and need for intensive care unit (ICU) admission were significantly higher in diabetic patients as compared to patients without diabetes. HTN, dyslipidemia, CKD, heart failure, stroke, acute abdomen, and malignancy were significantly higher in patients with type 2 diabetes. Among diabetic patients, those with non-Saudi nationality, low hemoglobin level, dyslipidemia, pneumonia, sepsis, and requiring ICU admission had a greater risk of death. Conclusions The high burden of DM on the secondary healthcare level in Saudi Arabia highlights the need for effective diabetes prevention and treatment strategies in primary care and hospital outpatient settings. Such measures would help reduce the hospitalization rate and ease the healthcare system's burden.
Preexisting Diabetes and Pregnancy.; The prevalence of diabetes in adolescents and women of reproductive age has increased since 1995. However, no prospective national population-based data from the United States are available regarding women with preexisting diabetes in pregnancy (pregestational)—that is, type 1 diabetes or type 2 diabetes identified before pregnancy. Knowledge of the true prevalence depends on inclusion of women with early pregnancy losses, which are not available in birth certificate or hospital discharge data. In this chapter, prevalence data are presented from selected populations, including women who have recently given birth to a live infant, women who have used diabetes medications during pregnancy, women who have delivered in hospitals, and women enrolled in specific health plans. These reports, as well as population-based reports from other countries, suggest that diabetes during pregnancy has at least doubled since 1995, with increases in pregnancies affected by type 1 and type 2 diabetes and across all age groups. Surveys of diabetes in female youth show that the prevalence of type 1 diabetes is greater than type 2 diabetes, but by the time in life of pregnancy, the ratio has reversed in population-based analyses of births. The former crude prevalence of preexisting diabetes mellitus in pregnancy of approximately 0.3% has risen to 1.0%–1.9% in major parts of North America, paralleling the diabetes prevalence in reproductive-age women, which was approximately 1.85%–3.0% between 2002 and 2009. Preconception care of diabetes has consistently been reported to reduce major congenital malformations and perinatal complications by over 60%, thus rendering such care cost-effective. Utilization of preconception care is suboptimal, in part because of the high frequency of unplanned pregnancy, as well as lack of access to care. No national or regional surveillance systems are in place to prospectively monitor utilization of preconception care of diabetes and outcomes in the United States. Even though the risks of unplanned pregnancy are greater in women with diabetes than in nondiabetic women, women with diabetes are less likely to receive contraception counseling than women without diabetes. Large prospective studies of diabetic women from the preconception period forward are needed in order to obtain reliable data on the prevalence of preconception care of diabetes and the use of contraception, as well as the number of diabetic women becoming and remaining pregnant. This effort might also have the effect of better linkage of general diabetes care to enhanced preconception management of diabetic women. Severe maternal complications of pregnancy may be rare in the United States, but diabetes increases the relative risks of maternal mortality, ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, preeclampsia-eclampsia, and possibly sepsis and venous thromboembolism. Prevention of diabetic ketoacidosis and severe maternal hypoglycemia is crucial; their frequencies should be monitored as indicators of quality of care, including self-care by the patient. Population-based systems to monitor these important comorbidities are lacking in the United States. Proliferative retinopathy can progress during pregnancy, but risk of vision loss can be reduced by comprehensive ophthalmologic screening and photocoagulation as necessary. Data from other countries suggest that pregnancy does not exacerbate mild nephropathy in the long term, although the presence of nephropathy can contribute to poorer birth outcomes and worsen prognosis over the long term. Hypertensive disorders affect >10% of diabetic pregnancies, contributing to neonatal morbidity. Prospective data on treatment of hypertension during diabetic pregnancy are lacking. First trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (A1c) levels >7.0% are associated with poorer birth outcomes. The teratogenic effects of hyperglycemia may be compounded by obesity, smoking, alcohol use, and/or poor nutrition. Fetal complications include a higher frequency of major congenital malformations, the most common of which are cardiovascular. It is controversial whether the use of medications common among women with diabetes contributes to the malformation risk, although insulin, antihyperglycemic medications, and oral contraceptives do not appear to do so. Stillbirths occur more frequently among women with poorer glucose control, and degree of risk increases with degree of A1c elevation. The prevalences of major malformations and stillbirths in surveys depend on the inclusion of terminations of pregnancy or late fetal losses at 20–23 weeks gestation, respectively. Women with diabetes also have a 30%–60% higher risk of infants affected by preterm delivery and macrosomia with concomitant birth trauma events, such as shoulder dystocia with vaginal delivery. In 2009, approximately 56.5% of births to women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were by cesarean section, and 16%–27% of births resulted in birth weights >4,000 g. Other adverse events among infants of mothers with diabetes include infant mortality and neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, although such events are infrequent. Infants of diabetic mothers can experience a higher frequency of respiratory distress, polycythemia, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, and hyperbilirubinemia compared to infants of mothers without diabetes. In rare cases, these complications also can contribute to neonatal encephalopathy. The increasing frequency of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in young women and increasing maternal age at conception are likely to further increase the risk of adverse maternal, birth, and infant outcomes. Population-based data are needed to track conception, miscarriage, major malformations, and livebirth and stillbirth frequencies among women with diabetes. Such data would guide the optimal timing and tailoring of preconception interventions. Interventions are needed that quantify the optimal amount of surveillance during fetal development (balancing costs and benefits), along with interventions that examine long-term risk to mothers and offspring. The subject matter in this chapter is necessarily broad, as it not only discusses prevalence of pregestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy but also prevalence of diabetes in reproductive-age women; preconception care and contraception; complications in the mother, fetus, infant, and developing offspring; and methodologic issues related to assessment of outcomes in the mother, fetus, and infant. The beauty and the devil is in the details. The definitions and management of pregnancy-related conditions can vary considerably among studies and, in many cases, are controversial.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.; We studied the prevalence of mitochondrial gene mutations in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in a Chinese population living in Taiwan. Eighty-four subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 105 unrelated normal controls were recruited in the present study. Both an A-to-G mutation at position 3243 and a mutation at position 8,344 of the mitochondrial DNA were screened by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism methods and confirmed by direct DNA sequence analysis. The insulin secretory response was assessed by the C-peptide response to glucagon administration. Among 84 IDDM patients, two (2.4%) subjects were found to carry the 3,243 nucleotide pair (np) mutation. There was no np 8,344 mutation in this series. Of the two subjects carrying a mitochondrial gene mutation, case 1 manifested initially as gestational diabetes mellitus. Manifestation of case 2 was consistent with MELAS, a syndrome of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes. The pancreatic beta cell reserve was reduced, as the glucagon-stimulated C-peptide response was very low in these two cases. HLA genotyping studies revealed that case 2 carried DRB1*0301-DQA1*0501-DQB*0201/ DRB1*0405-DQA1*0301-DQB1*0302, which was the most susceptible genotype to IDDM in our population. Anti-GAD65 antibody was also positive in this patient. In addition to the nuclear genes, a defective mitochondrial gene might contribute to some of the clinical cases with IDDM.
Reducing Birth Defects by Decreasing the Prevalence of Maternal Chronic Diseases-Evaluated by Linked National Registration Dataset.; Birth defects (BDs) are an important cause of abortion, stillbirth, and infant mortality that may cause lifelong disability. The defects can be caused by genetics, environmental exposure, or maternal chronic diseases. We conducted a study to analyze the association between maternal chronic diseases and BDs and to evaluate the effect of decreasing the prevalence of maternal chronic diseases on reducing BDs. The data of newborns and their mothers were concatenated and analyzed from three national population databases: the National Health Insurance Research Database, the Birth Certificate Application, and the Birth Registration Database in Taiwan during the period of 2005 to 2014. Codes 740-759 of the International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision—Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) were used as the diagnosis of BDs. The prevalence of BDs was 2.72%. Mothers with cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM had a significantly higher prevalence of BDs. The population attributable risk percent (PAR%) of BDs was 1.63%, 0.55%, 0.18%, 1.06%, 0.45%, 0.22%, 0.48%, and 0.24% for maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. The percentage change (−1%, −5%, and −10% of prevalence in 2034 compared with the prevalence in 2005−2014) of maternal disease and the predicted number of live births was used to estimate the decrease in the number of newly diagnosed BDs in 2034. By using the middle-estimated number of live births in 2034, we predicted that the number of BDs would decrease by 302, 102, 33, 196, 83, 41, 89, and 44 with a −5% prevalence of maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. We conclude that mothers with chronic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, have a significantly higher (p < 0.01) prevalence of having offspring with BDs. Mothers with chronic diseases are associated with BDs. It is very important to set up a policy to decrease the prevalence of these maternal chronic diseases; then, we can reduce the incidence of BDs.
Mechanisms by which poor early growth programs type-2 diabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome.; Fetal programming is gaining momentum as a highly documented phenomenon which links poor early growth to adult disease. It is backed up by large cohorts in epidemiological studies worldwide and has been tested in various animal models. The root causes of programming link closely with maternal condition during pregnancy, and therefore the fetal environment. Suboptimal fetal environments due to poor or inadequate nutrition, infection, anemia, hypertension, inflammation, gestational diabetes or hypoxia in the mother expose the fetus to hormonal, growth factor, cytokine or adipokine cues. These in turn act to alter metabolic, immune system, vascular, hemodynamics, renal, growth and mitochondrial parameters respectively and most evidently in the later stages of life where they impact on the individual as poor glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obesity and heart disease. These events are compounded by over-nutrition or lifestyle choices which are in conflict with the programming of the fetus. We and others have utilised various species to test the early life programming hypothesis and to identify key molecular mechanisms. With parallel studies of human cohorts, these molecular markers can be validated as realistic targets for intervention.
Endothelial dysfunction in obesity and insulin resistance: a road to diabetes and heart disease.; Obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction closely coexist throughout the natural history of type 2 diabetes. They all can be identified not only in people with type 2 diabetes, but also in various groups at risk for the disease, such as individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, family history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, prior gestational diabetes, or polycystic ovary syndrome. Whereas their evident association cannot fully establish a cause-effect relationship, fascinating mechanisms that bring them closer together than ever before are rapidly emerging. Central or abdominal obesity leads to insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction through fat-derived metabolic products, hormones, and cytokines. Insulin resistance leads to endothelial dysfunction through the frequent association with traditional cardiovascular risk factors and through some more direct novel mechanisms. Some specific and shared insulin signaling abnormalities in muscle, fat, and endothelial cells, as well as some new genetic and nontraditional factors, may contribute to this interesting association. Some recent clinical studies demonstrate that nonpharmacological and pharmacological strategies targeting obesity and/or insulin resistance ameliorate endothelial function and low-grade inflammation. All these findings have added a new dimension to the association of obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction that may become a key target in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Association between H. pylori infection and health Outcomes: an umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses.; OBJECTIVE: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses have revealed the associations between H. pylori infection and various health outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the strength and breadth of evidence on the associations. DESIGN: Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. SETTING: No settings. PARTICIPANTS: No patients involved. DATA SOURCES: Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library Databases, CNKI, VIP database and Wangfang database from inception to February 1, 2019. OUTCOMES MEASURES: Diverse diseases (such as cancer and ischaemic heart disease). RESULTS: Sixty articles reporting 88 unique outcomes met the eligible criteria. 74 unique outcomes had nominal significance (p<0.05). Of the outcomes with significance, 61 had harmful associations and 13 had beneficial associations. Furthermore, 73% (64) of the outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity . Of the these meta-analyses, 32 had moderate to high heterogeneity (I(2)=50%-75%) and 24 had high heterogeneity (I(2)>75%). Moreover, 20% exhibited publication bias (p<0.1). In addition, 97% of the methodological qualities were rated 'critically low'. 36% of the evidence qualities of outcomes were rated 'low', 56% of the evidence qualities were rated 'very low' and 8% of the evidence qualities were rated 'moderate'. H. pylori infection may be associated with an increased risk of five diseases and a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome. CONCLUSION: Although 60 meta-analyses explored 88 unique outcomes, moderate quality evidence only existed for six outcomes with statistical significance. H. pylori infection may be associated with a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome and an increased risk of hypertriglyceridemia, chronic cholecystitis and cholelithiasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, gastric cancer and systemic sclerosis. TRIAL REGISTRATION: CRD42019124680.
Management of type 2 diabetes in young adults aged 18-30 years: ADS/ADEA/APEG consensus statement.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes in young adults (nominally, 18-30 years of age) is a more aggressive condition than that seen in older age, with a greater risk of major morbidity and early mortality. This first Australian consensus statement on the management of type 2 diabetes in young adults considers areas where existing type 2 diabetes guidance, directed mainly towards older adults, may not be appropriate or relevant for the young adult population. Where applicable, recommendations are harmonised with current national guidance for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents (aged < 18 years). The full statement is available at https://www.diabetessociety.com.au, https://www.adea.com.au and https://www.apeg.org.au. MAIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Advice is provided on important aspects of care including screening, diabetes type, psychological care, lifestyle, glycaemic targets, pharmacological agents, cardiovascular disease risk management, comorbidity assessment, contraception and pregnancy planning, and patient-centred education. Special considerations for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians are highlighted separately. CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT AS A RESULT OF THIS STATEMENT: Management recommendations for young adults, which differ from those for adults, include: ▪screening for diabetes in young adults with overweight or obesity and additional risk factors, including in utero exposure to type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus; ▪more stringent glucose targets (glycated haemoglobin ≤ 6.5% [≤ 48 mmol/mol]); ▪in the context of obesity or higher cardio-renal risk, glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors are preferred second line agents; ▪β-cell decline is more rapid, so frequent review, early treatment intensification and avoidance of therapeutic inertia are indicated; ▪a blood pressure target of < 130/80 mmHg, as the adult target of ≤ 140/90 mmHg is too high; ▪absolute cardiovascular disease risk calculators are not likely to be accurate in this age group; early statin use should therefore be considered; and ▪a multidisciplinary model of care including an endocrinologist and a certified diabetes educator.
Imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Autonomic nervous system dysfunction is observed in Type 2 diabetes. As gestational diabetes is a potent risk factor of later Type 2 diabetes, we set out to determine whether autonomic nervous system imbalance could already be observed in women with this condition. Because activity of the sympathetic nervous system tends to be relatively stable in the nocturnal hours, we performed the study at night. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 41 women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant controls and 14 non-pregnant controls. We assayed plasma noradrenaline at 24.00, 04.00 and 07.00 h and performed an overnight Holter recording for heart rate variability analysis. In addition, we assayed plasma adrenomedullin, a cardiovascular protective hormone. RESULTS: Compared with non-pregnant controls, plasma noradrenaline levels were increased at 04.00 and 07.00 h in the gestational diabetic (P = 0.003) and pregnant control (P = 0.002) groups, with no difference between them. Heart rate variability, very-low-frequency and low-frequency power were lower in pregnant groups compared to the non-pregnant controls. Heart rate variability remained unchanged between specified sampling times in the gestational diabetic group, in contrast to fluctuation seen in the control groups. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes, compared with normal pregnancy, seems not to be a state of overall sympathetic nervous system activation. At the heart level, however, an inhibitory effect on autonomic nervous system modulation was seen. Plasma noradrenaline and heart rate variability correlated well, supporting the use of this function in future studies of overall sympathetic activity during pregnancy.
Folic Acid Supplement Use and Increased Risk of Gestational Hypertension.; Current results regarding the effect of folic acid (FA) supplement use on gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia are limited and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate whether FA supplement use was associated with GH and preeclampsia. Participants from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort with information on periconceptional FA supplement use and diagnosis of GH/preeclampsia were included (n=4853). Robust Poisson regression was used to assess the association of FA supplement use and GH and preeclampsia. Among the 4853 participants in this study, 1161 (23.9%) and 161 (3.3%) women were diagnosed with GH and preeclampsia, respectively. The risk ratio of developing GH was higher in women who used ≥800 µg/d FA supplement from prepregnancy through midpregnancy than nonusers (risk ratio, 1.33 [1.08-1.65]). After adjusting for social-demographic, reproductive, lifestyle factors, family history of hypertension, other supplement use, and gestational weight gain, the adverse association remained significant (risk ratio, 1.32 [1.06-1.64]). Restricting the analysis among women with normal weight, without family history of hypertension, and without gestational diabetes mellitus, the positive FA-GH association still existed. We did not find any significant association between FA supplement use and preeclampsia regardless of adjustment. High-dose (≥800 µg/d) FA supplement use from prepregnancy through midpregnancy was associated with increased risk of GH. Attention should be given to avoid the potential risk of GH due to inappropriate FA supplement use in women who are planning or capable of pregnancy.
Gender does matter in perinatal medicine.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate complications and outcome of pregnancies with male and female fetuses. METHODS: A population-based study comparing all singleton deliveries between the years 1988 and 1999 was performed. We compared pregnancies with male vs. female fetuses. Patients with a previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from the study. Statistical analyses with the Mantel-Haenszel technique and multiple logistic regression models were performed to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period there were 55,891 deliveries of male and 53,104 deliveries of female neonates. Patients carrying male fetuses had higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.01-1.12; p = 0.012), fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.0; 95% CI 1.8-2.1; p < 0.001), failure to progress during the first and second stages of labor (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.3; p < 0.001 and OR = 1.4; 95% CI 1.3-1.5; p < 0.001, respectively), cord prolapse (OR = 1.3; 95% CI 1.1-1.6; p = 0.014), nuchal cord (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.2; p < 0.001) and true umbilical cord knots (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.7; p < 0.001). Higher rates of CS were found among male compared with female neonates (8.7 vs. 7.9%; OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.06-1.16; p < 0.001). Using three multivariate logistic regression models and controlling for birth weight and gestational age, male gender was significantly associated with non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.4-1.6; p < 0.001), low Apgar scores at 5 min (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.8; p < 0.001) and CS (OR = 1.2; 95%CI 1.2-1.3; p < 0.001). Controlling for possible confounders like gestational diabetes, cord prolapse, failed induction, nonprogressive labor, fetal macrosomia, nuchal cord and true umbilical cord knots using the Mantel-Haenszel technique did not change the significant association between male gender and CS. CONCLUSION: Male gender is an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Early-Life Predictors of Systolic Blood Pressure Trajectories From Infancy to Adolescence: Findings From Project Viva.; Childhood blood pressure (BP) is a strong predictor of later risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few studies have assessed dynamic BP trajectories throughout the early-life period. We investigated the relationship between early-life factors and systolic BP (SBP) from infancy to adolescence using linear spline mixed-effects models among 1,370 children from Project Viva, a Boston, Massachusetts-area cohort recruited in 1999-2002. After adjusting for confounders and child height, we observed higher SBP in children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (vs. normoglycemia; age 3 years: β = 3.16 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.28, 6.04); age 6 years: β = 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.06, 3.60)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (vs. normal maternal BP; age 6 years: β = 1.39 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.10, 2.67); age 9 years: β = 1.84 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.34, 3.34); age 12 years: β = 1.70 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.48, 2.92)), higher neonatal SBP (per 10-mm Hg increase; age 3 years: β = 1.26 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.42, 2.09); age 6 years: β = 1.00 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.49, 1.51); age 9 years: β = 0.75 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.17, 1.33)), and formula milk in the first 6 months of life (vs. breast milk only; age 12 years: β = 2.10 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 3.74); age 15 years: β = 3.52 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.40, 5.64); age 18 years: β = 4.94 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.88, 7.99)). Our findings provide evidence of programming of offspring SBP trajectories by gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and formula milk intake and of neonatal BP being a potentially useful marker of childhood BP. These factors could be relevant in identifying children who are at risk of developing elevated BP.
Factors influencing necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a multifactorial gastrointestinal disease with high morbidity and mortality among premature infants. However, studies with large samples on the factors of NEC in China have not been reported. This meta-analysis aims to systematically review the literature to explore the influencing factors of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China and provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), China Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), Wanfang and VIP databases were systematically searched from inception to February 2023. We used Stata14.0 software to perform the systematic review and meta-analysis. We used fixed or random effects models with combined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and quality was evaluated using the Newcastle‒Ottawa Scale (NOS). RESULTS: The total sample was 8616 cases, including 2456 cases in the intervention group and 6160 cases in the control group. It was found that 16 risk factors and 3 protective factors were related to necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants. Septicemia (OR = 3.91), blood transfusion (OR = 2.41), neonatal asphyxia (OR = 2.46), pneumonia (OR = 6.17), infection (OR = 5.99), congenital heart disease (OR = 4.80), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR = 2.71), mechanical ventilation (OR = 1.44), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 3.08), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (OR = 3.28), hypoalbuminemia (OR = 2.80), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (OR = 3.10), respiratory failure (OR = 7.51), severe anemia (OR = 2.86), history of antibiotic use (OR = 2.12), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) (OR = 3.14) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants in China. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.31), oral probiotics (OR = 0.36), and prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.38) were protective factors for NEC in preterm infants. CONCLUSIONS: Septicemia, blood transfusion, neonatal asphyxia, pneumonia, infection, congenital heart disease, ICP, GDM, RDS, hypoproteinemia, PDA, respiratory failure, severe anemia, history of antibiotic use and MSAF will increase the risk of NEC in premature infants, whereas breastfeeding, oral probiotics and prenatal use of glucocorticoids reduce the risk. Due to the quantity and quality of the included literature, the above findings need to be further validated by more high-quality studies.
[Heart failure caused by myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic fetopathy].; Diabetic fetopathy is still a common clinical problem correlated with a high morbidity of the neonate. These children are often macrosome, suffer from respiratory distress syndrome due to delayed lung maturity, acidosis, hypoglycaemia, electrolyte-imbalances and polycythaemia. We describe a male neonate with diabetic fetopathy as a result of gestational diabetes of the mother. In addition to the symptoms described above, our patient clinically presented with severe hypertrophy of the right ventricle associated with intrauterine heart failure. The boy was born with serious prenatal asphyxia which made initial neonatal intensive care treatment necessary. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy normalized within 6 weeks after birth without further treatment. Different causes of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (infections, metabolic disorders, neurologic affections, syndromes) could be ruled out, so that the diabetic fetopathy was the most probable cause for the condition. If we are looking at the heart only, this case-report suggests a good prognosis of septumhypertrophy as well as right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with diabetic fetopathy. The case also elucidates that not only the diabetes type I can entail serious fetal damage but also gestational diabetes can. Therefore, in suspect mothers screening for gestational diabetes should be expanded to oral glucose tolerance testing.
Assessment of a personalized and distributed patient guidance system.; OBJECTIVES: The MobiGuide project aimed to establish a ubiquitous, user-friendly, patient-centered mobile decision-support system for patients and for their care providers, based on the continuous application of clinical guidelines and on semantically integrated electronic health records. Patients would be empowered by the system, which would enable them to lead their normal daily lives in their regular environment, while feeling safe, because their health state would be continuously monitored using mobile sensors and self-reporting of symptoms. When conditions occur that require medical attention, patients would be notified as to what they need to do, based on evidence-based guidelines, while their medical team would be informed appropriately, in parallel. We wanted to assess the system's feasibility and potential effects on patients and care providers in two different clinical domains. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We describe MobiGuide's architecture, which embodies these objectives. Our novel methodologies include a ubiquitous architecture, encompassing a knowledge elicitation process for parallel coordinated workflows for patients and care providers; the customization of computer-interpretable guidelines (CIGs) by secondary contexts affecting remote management and distributed decision-making; a mechanism for episodic, on demand projection of the relevant portions of CIGs from a centralized, backend decision-support system (DSS), to a local, mobile DSS, which continuously delivers the actual recommendations to the patient; shared decision-making that embodies patient preferences; semantic data integration; and patient and care provider notification services. MobiGuide has been implemented and assessed in a preliminary fashion in two domains: atrial fibrillation (AF), and gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Ten AF patients used the AF MobiGuide system in Italy and 19 GDM patients used the GDM MobiGuide system in Spain. The evaluation of the MobiGuide system focused on patient and care providers' compliance to CIG recommendations and their satisfaction and quality of life. RESULTS: Our evaluation has demonstrated the system's capability for supporting distributed decision-making and its use by patients and clinicians. The results show that compliance of GDM patients to the most important monitoring targets - blood glucose levels (performance of four measurements a day: 0.87±0.11; measurement according to the recommended frequency of every day or twice a week: 0.99±0.03), ketonuria (0.98±0.03), and blood pressure (0.82±0.24) - was high in most GDM patients, while compliance of AF patients to the most important targets was quite high, considering the required ECG measurements (0.65±0.28) and blood-pressure measurements (0.75±1.33). This outcome was viewed by the clinicians as a major potential benefit of the system, and the patients have demonstrated that they are capable of self-monitoring - something that they had not experienced before. In addition, the system caused the clinicians managing the AF patients to change their diagnosis and subsequent treatment for two of the ten AF patients, and caused the clinicians managing the GDM patients to start insulin therapy earlier in two of the 19 patients, based on system's recommendations. Based on the end-of-study questionnaires, the sense of safety that the system has provided to the patients was its greatest asset. Analysis of the patients' quality of life (QoL) questionnaires for the AF patients was inconclusive, because while most patients reported an improvement in their quality of life in the EuroQoL questionnaire, most AF patients reported a deterioration in the AFEQT questionnaire. DISCUSSION: Feasibility and some of the potential benefits of an evidence-based distributed patient-guidance system were demonstrated in both clinical domains. The potential application of MobiGuide to other medical domains is supported by its standards-based patient health record with multiple electronic medical record linking capabilities, generic data insertion methods, generic medical knowledge representation and application methods, and the ability to communicate with a wide range of sensors. Future larger scale evaluations can assess the impact of such a system on clinical outcomes. CONCLUSION: MobiGuide's feasibility was demonstrated by a working prototype for the AF and GDM domains, which is usable by patients and clinicians, achieving high compliance to self-measurement recommendations, while enhancing the satisfaction of patients and care providers.
Maternity Log study: a longitudinal lifelog monitoring and multiomics analysis for the early prediction of complicated pregnancy.; PURPOSE: A prospective cohort study for pregnant women, the Maternity Log study, was designed to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of bioinformatic data in pregnancy and explore the associations between genomic and environmental factors and the onset of pregnancy complications, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm labour, using continuous lifestyle monitoring combined with multiomics data on the genome, transcriptome, proteome, metabolome and microbiome. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant women were recruited at the timing of first routine antenatal visits at Tohoku University Hospital, Sendai, Japan, between September 2015 and November 2016. Of the eligible women who were invited, 65.4% agreed to participate, and a total of 302 women were enrolled. The inclusion criteria were age ≥20 years and the ability to access the internet using a smartphone in the Japanese language. FINDINGS TO DATE: Study participants uploaded daily general health information including quality of sleep, condition of bowel movements and the presence of nausea, pain and uterine contractions. Participants also collected physiological data, such as body weight, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature, using multiple home healthcare devices. The mean upload rate for each lifelog item was ranging from 67.4% (fetal movement) to 85.3% (physical activity), and the total number of data points was over 6 million. Biospecimens, including maternal plasma, serum, urine, saliva, dental plaque and cord blood, were collected for multiomics analysis. FUTURE PLANS: Lifelog and multiomics data will be used to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of pregnancy. The reference catalogue will allow us to discover relationships among multidimensional phenotypes and novel risk markers in pregnancy for the future personalised early prediction of pregnancy complications.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4-6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, well-controlled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor; her blood pressure was 102/63 mmHg, heart rate 78 beats/min and weight 53 kg (BMI 22.6 kg/m(2)). Laboratory data revealed low urine osmolality 89 mOsmol/kg (350-1000), serum osmolality 293 mOsmol/kg (278-295), serum sodium 144 mmol/l (135-145), potassium 4.1 mmol/l (3.5-5.0), urea 2.2 mmol/l (2.5-6.7), glucose 3.5 mmol/l and HbA1c 5.3%. Bilirubin, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and full blood count were normal. The patient was started on desmopressin with improvement in her symptoms, and normalisation of serum and urine osmolality (280 and 310 mOsmol/kg respectively). A fetus was delivered at the 39th week without major problems. After delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. Her sodium, serum/urine osmolality at 12-weeks post-partum were normal. A pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed the neurohypophyseal T1-bright spot situated ectopically, with a normal adenohypophysis and infundibulum. She remains clinically well, currently breastfeeding, and off all medication. This case illustrates some challenges in the diagnosis and management of transient gestational DI. LEARNING POINTS: Gestational DI is a rare complication of pregnancy occurring in two to four out of 100 000 pregnancies. It usually develops at the end of the second or third trimester of pregnancy and remits spontaneously 4-6 weeks after delivery.Gestational DI occurrence is related to excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts during pregnancy, which metabolises AVP. Its activity is proportional to the placental weight, explaining the higher vasopressinase activity in third trimester or in multiple pregnancies.Vasopressinase is metabolised by the liver, which most likely explains its higher concentrations in pregnant women with hepatic dysfunction, such acute fatty liver of pregnancy, HELLP syndrome, hepatitis and cirrhosis. Therefore, it is important to assess liver function in patients with gestational DI, and to be aware of the risk of DI in pregnant women with liver disease.Serum and urine osmolality are essential for the diagnosis, but other tests such as serum sodium, glucose, urea, creatinine, liver function may be informative. The water deprivation test is normally not recommended during pregnancy because it may lead to significant dehydration, but a pituitary MRI should be performed at some point to exclude lesions in the hypothalamo-pituitary region.These patients should be monitored for vital signs, fluid balance, body weight, fetal status, renal and liver function, and treated with desmopressin. The recommended doses are similar or slightly higher than those recommended for central DI in non-pregnant women, and should be titrated individually.
[Pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life].; In recent years several large epidemiological studies have been published that demonstrate that women who experience gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia have an increased risk of developing type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. 15-50% of women who experience gestational diabetes develop type-2 diabetes mellitus; the risk is particularly high in those who require insulin therapy during pregnancy. - Chronic hypertension frequently develops years after a pregnancy complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertension, especially in women who have had pregnancy-induced hypertension in multiple pregnancies. Women who experience pre-eclampsia in the first 36 weeks of pregnancy or in multiple pregnancies have an increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in later life. Therefore gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia provide an opportunity to identify individuals with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease at an early age. This may create new perspectives on prevention.
Reducing morbidity and mortality among pregnant obese.; Obesity is increasing; in the UK, almost 20% of pregnant women have a body mass index (BMI) of ≥30 kg/m(2). Obese mothers have increased risks of pregnancy complications including miscarriage, congenital anomaly, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, macrosomia, induction of labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic and surgical complications, post-partum haemorrhage, infection and venous thromboembolism. Complications tend to be greater in those with the highest BMIs. In recent triennia, obesity (27-29%) was over-represented in maternal mortality figures. Strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality include calculating BMI at booking visit to identify obese mothers and plan their antenatal care and delivery. This should include nutritional and lifestyle advice, screening for gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, thromboembolism risk assessment, antenatal anaesthetic review if BMI is ≥ 40 kg/m(2), ensuring availability of robust theatre tables and other equipment and involving senior doctors, especially in the labour ward. Afterwards, continuing weight reduction should be encouraged to reduce future pregnancy and health risks.
Troponins, heat shock proteins and glycogen phosphorylase BB in umbilical cord blood of complicated pregnancies.; PURPOSE OF THE STUDY: Heat shock proteins (Hsp) are evolutionary conserved molecules with a chaperone role in cell survival. We hypothesized that cord blood concentrations of molecules reflecting fetal cardiac muscle insult, including Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and glycol-phosphorylase BB (GP-BB) would be elevated in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia (PIH) compared to healthy controls. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnant women admitted for delivery at >28 weeks were divided into four groups: healthy patients delivered vaginally (VAG), healthy patients delivered by c-section (CS), patients with PIH, and patients with GDM. Demographics, clinical characteristics, and cord blood concentrations of Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and GP-BB were compared between groups. Statistical analyses included t-test, Chi square, and Wilcoxon rank sum as appropriate. RESULTS: cTnI concentrations were significantly higher in the PIH group compared to the GDM and VAG groups and they were higher in the CS group compared to the VAG group. Concentrations of Hsp70 were higher in the GDM group compared to the VAG and CS groups. Concentration of GP-BB was higher in the PIH group compared to the VAG group. CONCLUSIONS: GP-BB and cTNI are the most sensitive markers for PIH-related fetal myocyte injury as is Hsp70 in pregnancies complicated by GDM.
Augmented insulin secretory response in early pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study aimed to examine changes in the insulin secretory response in early pregnancy, while accounting for changes in insulin sensitivity. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a previously conducted longitudinal physiological study. In 34 women, insulin secretory response (by IVGTT) and insulin sensitivity (by euglycaemic clamp) were assessed prior to pregnancy, in early pregnancy (12-14 weeks gestation) and in late pregnancy (34-36 weeks gestation). Using mixed-effects models, we compared insulin secretory response and sensitivity in early pregnancy to the same variables prior to pregnancy and in late pregnancy, with adjustment for age, obesity status and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We examined changes in insulin secretory response after adjustment for insulin sensitivity using both multivariate modelling and the disposition index (DI). We explored the relationship between insulin secretory response and circulating hormones. RESULTS: The insulin secretory response increased from prior to pregnancy to early pregnancy (unadjusted mean [SD] first-phase insulin response 465.1 [268.5] to 720 [358.2], p < 0.0001) and from early pregnancy to late pregnancy (to 924 [494.6], p = 0.01). Insulin sensitivity increased from prior to pregnancy to early pregnancy (insulin sensitivity index 0.10 [0.04] to 0.12 [0.05], p = 0.001) and decreased in late pregnancy (to 0.06 [0.03], p < 0.0001). Accounting for changes in insulin sensitivity, using either multivariate modelling or the DI, did not attenuate the early-pregnancy augmentation of insulin secretory response. Leptin was positively associated with insulin secretory response, independent of insulin sensitivity and adiposity (p = 0.004). Adjustment for leptin attenuated the observed augmentation of insulin secretory response in early pregnancy (adjusted mean change 121.5, p = 0.13). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The insulin secretory response increases markedly in early pregnancy, prior to and independent of changes in insulin sensitivity. Circulating hormones may mediate this metabolic adaptation. Identifying mediators of this physiological effect could have therapeutic implications for treating hyperglycaemia during and outside of pregnancy.
Role of metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes: recent advances.; Metformin is one of the oldest antidiabetic medications, commonly used in the management of type 2 diabetes. Its mechanism of action is based on reducing glucose production in the liver, decreasing insulin resistance, and increasing insulin sensitivity. The drug has been studied extensively and has been shown to be effective in lowering blood glucose levels without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It has been used for the treatment of obesity, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. According to current guidelines, metformin can be used as the first‑line agent in the management of diabetes; however, in individuals with type 2 diabetes who would benefit from cardio‑renal protection, newer agents, such as sodium‑glucose cotransporter‑2 inhibitors and glucagon‑like peptide‑1 receptor agonists, are favored as the first‑line therapy. The novel classes of antidiabetic medications have demonstrated significant positive effects on glycemia with added benefits in patients with obesity, renal disease, heart failure, and cardiovascular disease. The emergence of these more effective agents has significantly altered the way diabetes is managed, thus prompting re‑evaluation of metformin as the initial therapy for all patients with diabetes.
Brain Dead and Pregnant.; The presence of pregnancy in a brain-dead woman is a rare circumstance. We present a case of a 31-year-old woman who was 22 weeks pregnant at the time of diagnosis of brain death after intracranial and subarachnoid hemorrhage. After a multidisciplinary approach, the decision was made to continue somatic support to maintain the pregnancy until optimal fetus viability. Cesarean section was performed after 11 weeks (33 weeks gestational age) of brain-death diagnosis with a successful delivery of a live infant. Management of brain-death complications during pregnancy is described.
Transitional hemodynamics in infants of diabetic mothers by targeted neonatal echocardiography, electrocardiography and peripheral flow study.; OBJECTIVE: Metabolic alterations of intrauterine environment in diabetes mellitus (DM) lead to fetal cardiac dysfunctions that can persist after birth. The aim of the study was to assess the cardiovascular adaptation in infants born to diabetic mothers (IDM) with different degrees of glycometabolic control, in relation to revised guidelines for diagnosis of DM and quality improvements in neonatal care. MATERIALS AND METHODS: An observational case-control study was conducted on IDM with gestational, type 1 and type 2 DM. Relevant maternal and neonatal anamnestic, clinical and laboratory data were analyzed. Electrocardiographic and echocardiographic analyses, including structural and systo-diastolic evaluation, were performed. RESULTS: In 68 IDM enrolled, we observed a lower incidence of negative perinatal outcome than expected. Comparing to non-IDM, they presented larger fetal shunts, higher pulmonary pressures, early and atrial wave velocities. At 72 hours, kinesis and heart rate variability remained low. Cerebral blood flow velocities were higher. The most serious impairment of transition was in pregestational IDM. CONCLUSION: Maternal DM impaired neonatal transitional hemodynamics also in asymptomatic IDM with good glycometabolic control. These results confirm the need for an early cardiologic and cerebrovascular evaluation, to identify IDM with delayed maturation at risk of worse long-term metabolic, cardiovascular, and neurodevelopmental outcome.
Associations between OGTT results during pregnancy and offspring TSH levels: a birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Limited evidence exists regarding the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and elevated levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) in newborns. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the potential risk of elevated TSH levels in infants exposed to maternal GDM, considering the type and number of abnormal values obtained from the 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). METHODS: A population-based, prospective birth cohort study was conducted in Wuhan, China. The study included women who underwent GDM screening using a 75-g OGTT. Neonatal TSH levels were measured via a time-resolved immunofluorescence assay. We estimated and stratified the overall risk (adjusted Risk Ratio [RR]) of elevated TSH levels (defined as TSH > 10 mIU/L or > 20 mIU/L) in offspring based on the type and number of abnormal OGTT values. RESULTS: Out of 15,236 eligible mother-offspring pairs, 11.5% (1,753) of mothers were diagnosed with GDM. Offspring born to women diagnosed with GDM demonstrated a statistically significant elevation in TSH levels when compared to offspring of non-GDM mothers, with a mean difference of 0.20 [95% CI: 0.04-0.36]. The incidence of elevated TSH levels (TSH > 10 mIU/L) in offspring of non-GDM women was 6.3 per 1,000 live births. Newborns exposed to mothers with three abnormal OGTT values displayed an almost five-fold increased risk of elevated TSH levels (adjusted RR 4.77 [95% CI 1.64-13.96]). Maternal fasting blood glucose was independently and positively correlated with neonatal TSH levels and elevated TSH status (TSH > 20 mIU/L). CONCLUSIONS: For newborns of women with GDM, personalized risk assessment for elevated TSH levels can be predicated on the type and number of abnormal OGTT values. Furthermore, fasting blood glucose emerges as a critical predictive marker for elevated neonatal TSH status.
A distinctive fatty acid profile in circulating lipids of Korean gestational diabetics: a pilot study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient metabolic disorder that is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Previously, GDM was associated with reduced red cell long-chain omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in population (British) with high intake of total and saturated fat. The aim of the study was to examine blood fatty acids status of GDM patients (n=12) and normoglycaemic women (control, n=12) from South Korea where typical diet retains high omega-3 fat with low total fat intake. Subjects were matched for BMI and gestation week. Blood obtained at delivery were analyzed for plasma triacylglycerols (TG), phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingomyelin (SM), and red cell PC, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and SM fatty acids. GDM patients had lower total saturated fatty acids (SFA) in the plasma TG (p<0.05) and PC (p<0.0001), and higher omega-6 and omega-3 metabolites in the plasma PC (p<0.05) than the controls. Conversely, the red cell PC and PE of the GDM contained higher proportions of palmitic (p<0.05) and SFA (p<0.05) but lower arachidonic (p<0.05) and docosahexaenoic (p>0.05) acids compared with the controls. Interestingly, red cell PC arachidonic acid level was comparable between Korean and British women whereas docosahexaenoic acid level decreased in the order of Korean control (5.5+/-0.9)>Korean GDM (3.5+/-2.1)=British control (3.9+/-2.9)>British GDM (2.8+/-2.3) (p<0.05). The similarity in the plasma and red cell fatty acids profile between Korean and British cohort suggests that the reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in GDM might be attributed to the effect of the disease itself regardless of ethnicity, obesity, or diet.
Cardiometabolic risk, knowledge, risk perception, and self-efficacy among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To describe cardiometabolic risk among a sample of American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes and describe the women's knowledge, risk perception for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and self-efficacy beliefs related to preventing these diseases. DESIGN: Mixed methods, cross-sectional, exploratory, descriptive. SETTING: Four campuses within one American Indian tribal health care system in a southwestern state. PARTICIPANTS: A purposeful sample of 22 self-identified American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. METHODS: Qualitative interview data were subjected to content analysis, and descriptive statistics were used to analyze quantitative questionnaire data and biophysiologic data. RESULTS: The majority of participants (13 of 21) were classified as having metabolic syndrome, and 13 of 18 women were found to be insulin resistant. In general, the women had high levels of knowledge related to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and high risk perception, but low self-efficacy related to preventing cardiometabolic disease. The overarching theme from the in-depth interviews, struggling to change lifestyle behaviors while doubting prevention is possible, encompassed four categories that provided further illumination into participants' risk perceptions and self-efficacy beliefs: concerns, control, beliefs/attitudes, and prevention. CONCLUSIONS: High levels of knowledge and risk perception do not necessarily promote increased self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes. Findings indicate the need to further explore women's self-efficacy beliefs in the context of American Indian culture prior to developing interventions aimed at increasing self-efficacy to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Women with previous gestational diabetes are at increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease, independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes.
Amniotic Fluid Embolism in a Patient Presenting for Induction of Labor for Cholestasis of Pregnancy.; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare but potentially catastrophic complication during pregnancy. The most common presenting symptoms of AFE are cardiac arrest, hemodynamic instability, and profound hemorrhage. Here, we present a case of a 28-year-old female with a past medical history of anemia, gestational diabetes, hypothyroidism, anxiety, and depression, presenting for induction of labor for cholestasis of pregnancy. The labor course was complicated by sudden cardiac arrest and resuscitation, followed by an emergent bedside peri-cardiac arrest cesarean section. Subsequently, the patient developed coagulopathy, uterine atony, and bleeding from the vagina and cervix. The AFE protocol was initiated, and the care team proceeded with a hysterectomy. Supportive treatment correcting for metabolic acid-base disturbances and coagulopathies was maintained. The patient was stabilized for air transport to a higher level of care.
Influence of Strict Lockdown on Vitamin D Deficiency in Pregnant Women: A Word of Caution.; The main source of vitamin D results from skin sunlight exposure. Vitamin D deficiency (VDD) is linked to several adverse events during pregnancy. While performing a cross-sectional study with 886 pregnant women in Elda (Spain) from September 2019 to July 2020 to determine the association of VDD with gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to body mass index, a strict lockdown (SL) due to the COVID-19 pandemic was declared from 15 March 2020 to 15 May 2020. To determine if VDD prevalence in the local population of pregnant women was influenced by SL, a retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted to estimate the prevalence odds ratio (POR) for the association of VDD and SL. A crude logistic regression model was calculated, and then further adjusted by the biweekly measured vitamin D-specific UVB dose in our geographical area. The POR during SL was 4.0 (95%CI = 2.7-5.7), with a VDD prevalence of 77.8% in the quarantine period. Our results revealed that VDD prevalence in pregnant women was influenced by SL. This valuable information could guide us in future if public officials order the population to stay indoors for any given reason.
Provider Counseling About and Risk Perception for Future Chronic Disease Among Women with Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; Background: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes or preeclampsia are at a greater risk of developing future type 2 diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, and cardiovascular disease. Increased perception of future chronic disease risk is positively associated with making health behavior changes, including in pregnant women. Although gestational diabetes is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, few women have heightened risk perception. Little research has assessed receipt of health advice from a provider among women with preeclampsia and its association with risk perception regarding future risk of high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. Among women with recent diagnoses of preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, we assessed associations between receipt of health advice from providers, psychosocial factors, and type of pregnancy complication with risk perception for future chronic illness. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis among 79 women diagnosed with preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes using surveys and medical record abstraction after delivery and at 3 months postpartum. Results: Overall, fewer than half of the 79 women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes reported receiving health advice from a provider, and women with preeclampsia were significantly less likely to receive counseling as compared with women with gestational diabetes (odds ratio 0.23). We did not identify a difference in the degree of risk perception by pregnancy complication or receipt of health advice. There were no significant differences in risk perception based on age, race, education, or health insurance coverage. Conclusions: We demonstrated that women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are not routinely receiving health advice from providers regarding future chronic disease risk, and that women with preeclampsia are less likely to be counseled on their risk, compared with women with gestational diabetes. Provider and patient-centered interventions are needed to improve postpartum care and counseling for women at high risk for chronic disease based on recent pregnancy complications.
Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health: Consensus Bundle on Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care.; Cardiac conditions are the leading cause of pregnancy-related deaths and disproportionately affect non-Hispanic Black people. Multidisciplinary maternal mortality review committees have found that most people who died from cardiac conditions during pregnancy or postpartum were not diagnosed with a cardiovascular disease before death and that more than 80% of all pregnancy-related deaths, regardless of cause, were preventable. In addition, other obstetric complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, are associated with future cardiovascular disease risk. Those with cardiac risk factors and those with congenital and acquired heart disease require specialized care during pregnancy and postpartum to minimize risk of preventable morbidity and mortality. This bundle provides guidance for health care teams to develop coordinated, multidisciplinary care for pregnant and postpartum people with cardiac conditions and to respond to cardio-obstetric emergencies. This bundle is one of several core patient safety bundles developed by the Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health that provide condition- or event-specific clinical practices for implementation in appropriate care settings. The Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care bundle is organized into five domains: 1) Readiness , 2) Recognition and Prevention , 3) Response , 4) Reporting and Systems Learning , and 5) Respectful Care . This bundle is the first by the Alliance to be developed with the fifth domain of Respectful Care . The Respectful Care domain provides essential best practices to support respectful, equitable, and supportive care to all patients. Further health equity considerations are integrated into elements in each domain.
Gestational diabetes, inflammation, and late vascular disease.; Physiological changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance and activation of the innate immunity with an inflammatory response. The working hypothesis is that the sub-clinical inflammation associated with excessive adiposity may favor the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) and Type 2 diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease later in life. In this paper we review the complex interrelationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic syndrome, and endothelium dysfunction in women with GDM and discuss if women with previous GDM (pGDM) could be considered at risk for cardiovascular diseases. MEDLINE was searched for articles relating GDM and the adipokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha and adiponectin) as well as the acute-phase inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein that contribute to the development of diabetic pregnancy and vascular complications. However, to date, in pGDM women no prospective study is available, to corroborate the hypothesis that inflammatory pattern could be taken as predictor of cardiovascular disease later in life. Therefore, our paper should provide arguments to perform follow-up programs to prevent cardiovascular events in women with pGDM. Control of body weight, regular physical exercise are indeed powerful intervention tools able at improving insulin sensitivity and reduce sub-clinical inflammation, both involved in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease.
Hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction is alleviated by thioredoxin mimetic peptides through the restoration of VEGFR-2-induced responses and improved cell survival.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is an important cardiovascular risk factor characterized by elevated plasma glucose levels. High glucose (HG) negatively influences endothelial cell (EC) function, which is characterized by the inability of ECs to respond to vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-A) stimulation. We aimed to identify potential strategies to improve EC function in diabetes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Human umbilical cord endothelial cells (HUVECs) were subjected to hyperglycemic milieu by exposing cells to HG together with glucose metabolite, methylglyoxal (MG) in vitro. Hyperglycemic cells showed reduced chemotactic responses towards VEGF-A as revealed by Boyden chamber migration assays, indicating the development of "VEGF resistance" phenotype. Furthermore, HG/MG-exposed cells were defective in their general migratory and proliferative responses and were in a pro-apoptotic state. Mechanistically, the exposure to HG/MG resulted in reactive oxygen species (ROS) accumulation which is secondary to the impairment of thioredoxin (Trx) activity in these cells. Pharmacological and genetic targeting of Trx recapitulated VEGF resistance. Functional supplementation of Trx using thioredoxin mimetic peptides (TMP) reversed the HG/MG-induced ROS generation, improved the migration, proliferation, survival and restored VEGF-A-induced chemotaxis and sprouting angiogenesis of hyperglycemic ECs. Importantly, TMP treatment reduced ROS accumulation and improved VEGF-A responses of placental arterial endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetes mellitus patients. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a putative role for Trx in modulating EC function and its functional impairment in HG conditions contribute to EC dysfunction. Supplementation of TMP could be used as a novel strategy to improve endothelial cell function in diabetes.
Associations Between Sedentary Time, Physical Activity, and Cardiovascular Health in 6-Year-Old Children Born to Mothers With Increased Cardiometabolic Risk.; PURPOSE: To assess associations between sedentary time (ST), physical activity (PA), and cardiovascular health in early childhood. METHOD: Cross-sectional study including 160 children (age 6.1 y [SD 0.5], 86 boys, 93 maternal body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2, and 73 gestational diabetes) assessed for pulse wave velocity, echocardiography, ultra-high frequency 48-70 MHz vascular ultrasound, and accelerometery. RESULTS: Boys had 385 (SD 53) minutes per day ST, 305 (SD 44) minutes per day light PA, and 81 (SD 22) minutes per day moderate to vigorous PA (MVPA). Girls had 415 (SD 50) minutes per day ST, 283 (SD 40) minutes per day light PA, and 66 (SD 19) minutes per day MVPA. In adjusted analyses, MVPA was inversely associated with resting heart rate (β = -6.6; 95% confidence interval, -12.5 to -0.7) and positively associated with left ventricular mass (β = 6.8; 1.4-12.3), radial intima-media thickness (β = 11.4; 5.4-17.5), brachial intima-media thickness (β = 8.0; 2.0-14.0), and femoral intima-media thickness (β = 1.3; 0.2-2.3). MVPA was inversely associated with body fat percentage (β = -3.4; -6.6 to -0.2), diastolic blood pressure (β = -0.05; -0.8 to -0.1), and femoral (β = -18.1; -32.4 to -0.8) and radial (β = -13.4; -24.0 to -2.9) circumferential wall stress in boys only. ST and pulse wave velocity showed no significant associations. CONCLUSIONS: In young at-risk children, MVPA is associated with cardiovascular remodeling, partly in a sex-dependant way, likely representing physiological adaptation, but ST shows no association with cardiovascular health in early childhood.
Pulmonary embolism during delivery--treatment and outcome.; Pulmonary embolism during delivery is not a frequent occurrence. It is often impossible to ascertain whether it is a case of embolism by amniotic fluid or thromboembolism. Diagnostics of pulmonary embolism in labor is based solely on clinical symptoms. Immediate interdisciplinary treatment with cardiopulmonary resuscitation, hemodynamic stabilization, and correction of haemostasis disorders play a decisive role in prognosis. This paper presents diagnostics, treatment, and consequences of pulmonary embolism in expulsion phase during delivery in epidural anesthesia of a multiparous patient aged 37.
Maternal Diabetes, Birth Weight, and Neonatal Risk of Congenital Heart Defects in Norway, 1994-2009.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between pregestational or gestational diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart defects and the association between large-for-gestational-age birth weight and risk of cardiac defects in offspring of diabetic women. METHODS: Information on pregestational and gestational diabetes, cardiac defects, and birth weight among all births in Norway in 1994-2009 was ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, national health registries, and the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project. The relative risk (RR) compared offspring risk of cardiac defects for maternal diabetes with offspring risk in nondiabetic mothers adjusted for year of birth, maternal age, and parity. RESULTS: Among 914,427 births (live births, stillbirths, terminated pregnancies), 5,618 (0.61%) were complicated by maternal pregestational diabetes and 9,726 (1.06%) by gestational diabetes. Congenital heart defects were identified in 10,575 offspring. The prevalence of cardiac defects differed between groups: 344 of 10,000 births to women with pregestational diabetes, 172 of 10,000 to women with gestational diabetes, and 114 of 10,000 in women without diabetes (adjusted RRs 2.92, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.54-3.36 and 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.71). During the study period, the adjusted RRs for congenital heart defects did not change. The risk of cardiac defects in neonates very large for gestational age (birth weight greater than 3 standard deviations above the mean) was compared with neonates with birth weight appropriate for gestational age. For pregestational diabetes, the prevalences of offspring cardiac defects were 561 compared with 248 per 10,000 births (adjusted RR 2.23, 95% CI 1.39-3.59) and for gestational diabetes 388 compared with 132 per 10,000 (adjusted RR 2.73, 95% CI 1.53-4.85). CONCLUSION: The increased risk of having a child with a congenital heart defect has not changed for diabetic women in Norway since 1994. Among women with pregestational or gestational diabetes, having a large-for-gestational-age neonate was associated with a two- to threefold increased risk of cardiac defects compared with neonates with normal birth weight.
[Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor].; OBJECTIVES: Search for data necessary to elaborate recommendations for obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor. METHODS: Systematic review of the literature and levels of evidence. RESULTS: In case of gestational diabetes and in the absence of disease or other risk factor associated, there is no evidence to support a systematic rate of clinical follow up different from other pregnancy. The relevance of ultrasound estimates of fetal weight is limited. No formula is superior to others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of the research septal hypertrophy is not demonstrated (EL4). The systematic application of umbilical Doppler has no proven benefits in the absence of growth restriction or hypertension associated (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring of the fetus can be proposed for diabetics on insulin or poorly controlled. In cases of gestational diabetes controlled by diet, cardiotocography of fetal heart rate has not proven useful. In poorly controlled diabetes and/or on insulin, the registration may be discussed taking into account other risk factors associated (EL4). A weekly recording of fetal heart rate is often recommended in case of type 2 diabetes discovered during pregnancy. In case of preterm labor, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin antagonists can be used without specific precautions. The risk of using beta-adrenergic outweighs the benefit. Administration of corticosteroid can be done under glycemic control, with insulin therapy if necessary. Screening test for gestational diabetes should not be performed within few days after last steroid injection.
[Diabetes].; In 2009 a novel screening strategy for diabetes based on the level of glycated hemoglobin has been proposed by the main international organizations, with a diagnostic threshold of 6.5%. The preventive efficacy of multiple risk factor control in type 2 diabetes reflected by the low rate of cardiac events in the DIAD 2 study calls for a revision of the current recommendations for coronary disease screening. In gestational diabetes, the linear correlation between degree of hyperglycemia and risk of associated complications in the HAPO study strenghtens the therapeutic targets for this frequent condition, which identifies women at high future risk of diabetes. No conclusive evidence for an increased risk of cancer associated with insulin glargin remains when taking into account all the data currently available on this topic.
Postpartum complications increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at a higher risk of cardiometabolic and psychiatric comorbidities and preconception and antepartum complications, but the impact of polycystic ovary syndrome during the postpartum period is unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease complications and perinatal and postpartum depression. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study conducted using a United States insurance claims database. Women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome aged 18 to 50 years enrolled continuously in a single health plan during the preconception, antepartum, and postpartum periods between 2000 and 2016 were included. The primary outcome was postpartum cardiovascular disease and depression (perinatal and postpartum). Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for covariates including age, geographic location, preterm delivery, assisted reproductive technology use, multiple births, prepregnancy depression, prepregnancy diabetes, prepregnancy hypertension, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, obesity, history of hyperlipidemia, smoking, and race. RESULTS: We identified 42,391 unique women with polycystic ovary syndrome and 795,480 women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In multivariable models, women with polycystic ovary syndrome had significantly higher odds of cardiovascular disease complications, including postpartum preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.17-1.45), eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.86) cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.54), hypertensive heart disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32: 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.64), thrombotic disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-1.87), congestive heart failure (adjusted odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.61), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.29), than those without polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as both perinatal (adjusted odds ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-1.33) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.36-1.57). Nonobese women with polycystic ovary syndrome had higher odds of postpartum eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio 1.72; 95% confidence interval, 1.31-2.26), peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.79), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.19-1.38) than nonobese women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In the group of women without prepregnancy depression, the odds of perinatal depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-1.39) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.39-1.62) were higher in women with polycystic ovary syndrome than those without polycystic ovary syndrome. CONCLUSION: In a large United States cohort, our study found that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk of both cardiovascular and psychiatric complications during the postpartum period. Polycystic ovary syndrome should be recognized as an at-risk condition; our findings underscore the need for routine screening and early interventions for these major comorbidities.
Comparison of maternal morbidity and medical costs during pregnancy and delivery between patients with gestational diabetes and patients with pre-existing diabetes.; AIMS: To evaluate the effects of gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes on maternal morbidity and medical costs, using data from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. METHODS: Delivery cases in 2010, 2011 and 2012 (459 842, 442 225 and 380 431 deliveries) were extracted from the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database. The complications and medical costs were compared among the following three pregnancy groups: normal, gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. RESULTS: Although, the rates of pre-existing diabetes did not fluctuate (2.5, 2.4 and 2.7%) throughout the study, the rate of gestational diabetes steadily increased (4.6, 6.2 and 8.0%). Furthermore, the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased in conjunction with maternal age, pre-existing hypertension and cases of multiple pregnancy. The risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, urinary tract infections, premature delivery, liver disease and chronic renal disease were greater in the gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes groups than in the normal group. The risk of venous thromboembolism, antepartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and placenta disorder were greater in the pre-existing diabetes group, but not the gestational diabetes group, compared with the normal group. The medical costs associated with delivery, the costs during pregnancy and the number of in-hospital days for the subjects in the pre-existing diabetes group were the highest among the three groups. CONCLUSIONS: The study showed that the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased with maternal age at pregnancy and were associated with increases in medical costs and pregnancy-related complications.
A Review of National Level Guidelines for Risk Management of Cardiovascular and Diabetic Disease.; Cardiovascular diseases and diabetes are among the leading preventable causes of morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease risk reduction aimed to address the significant modifiable risk factors, including lifestyle-related risk factors, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes. Given the severity and disease burden, many insurances, including Medicare, cover the annual counseling for risk reduction of cardiovascular disease. Although numerous national-level guidelines are available for managing these conditions, most of them focus on disease management. Given the broad areas covered in these recommendations, a concise review summarizing the measures addressing the preventive approach in these conditions is not readily available. Herewith, we review and outline the currently available guidelines from national-level publications with principal attention to the primary prevention measures to provide a broad overview and assist providers with the risk reduction counseling.
Ideal Cardiovascular Health and Vascular Phenotype Associations in Mothers with Obesity and Their Six-Year-Old Children.; BACKGROUND: Heredity and family-shared lifestyle contribute to cardiovascular risk, but the magnitude of their influence on arterial structure and function in early childhood is unknown. We aimed to assess associations between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health, maternal subclinical atherosclerosis, and child arterial phenotype. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) longitudinal cohort was done at child age 6.1 ± 0.5 years with assessments of ideal cardiovascular health (BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, total cholesterol, diet quality, physical activity, smoking), body composition, very-high frequency ultrasound of carotid arteries (25 and 35 MHz), and pulse wave velocity. RESULTS: We found no association between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health but report evidence of particular metrics correlations: total cholesterol (r=0.24, P=0.003), BMI (r=0.17, P=0.02), diastolic blood pressure (r=0.15, P=0.03), and diet quality (r=0.22, P=0.002). Child arterial phenotype was not associated with child or maternal ideal cardiovascular health. In the multivariable regression explanatory model adjusted for child sex, age, systolic blood pressure, lean body mass, and body fat percentage, child carotid intima-media thickness was independently associated only with maternal carotid intima-media thickness (0.1 mm increase [95% CI 0.05, 0.21, P=0.001] for each 1 mm increase in maternal carotid intima-media thickness). Children of mothers with subclinical atherosclerosis had decreased carotid artery distensibility (1.1 ± 0.2 vs 1.2 ± 0.2%/10 mmHg, P=0.01) and trend toward increased carotid intima-media thickness (0.37 ± 0.04 vs 0.35 ± 0.04 mm, P=0.06). CONCLUSION: Ideal Cardiovascular Health metrics are heterogeneously associated in mother-child pairs in early childhood. We found no evidence of child or maternal Ideal Cardiovascular Health effect on child arterial phenotype. Maternal carotid intima-media thickness predicts child carotid intima-media thickness, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Maternal subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with local carotid arterial stiffness in early childhood.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate indices during oral glucose tolerance test.; AIMS: To study the effect of maternal glucose ingestion during a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test on fetal heart rate indices. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective study including 50 pregnant patients with an abnormal glucose challenge test who underwent a 100 g glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks gestation. Fetal heart rate was recorded and analyzed with the computerized Sonicaid Fetal Monitor System (Oxford 8000). RESULTS: Baseline fetal heart rate significantly increased 120 and 180 minutes following glucose ingestion (p < 0.05) both in patients who were subsequently diagnosed to have gestational diabetes and in these in whom the diagnosis was excluded. No significant changes were noted in other fetal heart indices. CONCLUSIONS: The significant and consistent increase in baseline fetal heart rate following maternal glucose ingestion indicates that the fetus responds to changes in its' environment. The exact mechanism which causes this response has yet to be defined.
Pregnancy As a Predictor of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: The Era of CardioObstetrics.; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in women accounting for one in three deaths. There remains an under recognition of CVD as well as a lack of awareness of risk in women. Promotion of CVD prevention is essential, but the current risk assessment tools do not incorporate any sex-specific cardiovascular risk factors. There is increasing recognition of sex-specific risk factors that appear during pregnancy that are associated with CVD. These adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) include preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, miscarriage, and high parity number. Although the underlying biological mechanism for these association remains to be elucidated, current international guidelines are beginning to recommend the inclusion of APOs in the assessment of CVD risk in women. This review summarizes the evidence for the association between APOs and future CVD. It also highlights the importance of considering APOs in the cardiovascular risk assessment, specifically in young women, allowing for targeted lifestyle-modifying interventions with the potential to alter their risk trajectory and improve their long-term cardiovascular health.
Pregnancy Complications and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome for the Offspring.; Metabolic syndrome is a growing problem globally, and is a contributor to non-communicable diseases such as type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The risk of developing specific components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and elevated fasting blood sugar has been largely attributed to environmental stressors including poor nutrition, lack of exercise, and smoking. However, large epidemiologic cohorts and experimental animal models support the "developmental origins of adult disease" hypothesis, which posits that a significant portion of the risk for adult metabolic conditions is determined by exposures occurring in the perinatal period. Maternal obesity and the rate of complications during pregnancy such as preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes continue to rise. As our ability to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality improves the long-term metabolic consequences remain uncertain, pointing to the need for further research in this area.
Invited Commentary: Gestational Hypertension and Diabetes-A Major Public Health Concern.; The obesity epidemic in the United States and other countries has contributed to an increase in the rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension. In the past, it was thought that most cases of gestational diabetes and hypertension would resolve after completion of pregnancy. In this issue of the Journal, Pace et al. (Am J Epidemiol. 2017;186(10):1115-1124) clearly documented that both gestational diabetes and hypertension lead to diabetes and hypertension and that the combination of both during pregnancy leads to very high rates of subsequent diabetes and hypertension. A new generation of epidemiology studies using the evolving new technologies and genetics (host susceptibility studies) are needed to improve our understanding of the etiology of gestational diabetes and hypertension. Early identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes and hypertension, better treatment during pregnancy, and preventive and clinical therapies for treatment of diabetes and hypertension after pregnancy are very important for improving women's health and reducing risk of cardiovascular disease later in life.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labour.; AIM: To investigate data enabling the development of guidelines for obstetrical monitoring and management of the threat of preterm labour in gestational diabetes. METHODOLOGY: Systematic literature review. RESULTS: With gestational diabetes and the absence of other disorders or associated risk factors, there is no argument justifying a systematic clinical monitoring schedule different from other pregnancies. The relevance of ultrasound weight estimations is limited. No formula has emerged as being superior to the others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of testing for asymmetric septal hypertrophy has not been demonstrated (EL4). The routine performance of umbilical artery Doppler has no demonstrated utility in the absence of growth restriction or associated hypertension (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring can be proposed for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin. With gestational diabetes that is well-controlled with diet, foetal heart rate recording has no demonstrated use. The recording is debatable for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin, while taking associated risk factors into consideration. Weekly recording of the foetal heart rate is often advised for type 2 diabetes diagnosed during pregnancy. If there is a threat of preterm labour, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin receptor antagonists may be used without special precautions. The risk-benefit ratio does not appear favourable for the β2-adrenergic agonists. Lung maturation with corticosteroids may be done in parallel with glycaemic testing and insulin therapy if necessary. Diabetic screening tests should be done several days after the last injection of corticosteroid.
The clinical approach to obesity in pregnancy.; Over one third of reproductive age women are obese, and this marked prevalence is impacting pregnancy. Obese women face many challenges from preconception to postpartum. They are at increased risk for both maternal and fetal complications including gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, congenital anomalies, stillbirth, fetal macrosomia, cesarean delivery, venous thromboembolism, wound complications, breast-feeding difficulty, postpartum depression, postpartum weight retention, and neonatal death. This discussion is designed to help clinicians understand how obesity affects pregnancy, how to counsel patients regarding gestational weight gain, and how to implement management strategies during pregnancy to optimize health outcomes for these patients.
Impact of Maternal-Fetal Environment on Mortality in Children With Single Ventricle Heart Disease.; BACKGROUND Children with single ventricle heart disease have significant morbidity and mortality. The maternal-fetal environment (MFE) may adversely impact outcomes after neonatal cardiac surgery. We hypothesized that impaired MFE would be associated with an increased risk of death after stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. METHODS AND RESULTS We performed a retrospective cohort study of children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (and anatomic variants) who underwent stage 1 Norwood reconstruction between 2008 and 2018. Impaired MFE was defined as maternal gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and/or smoking during pregnancy. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to investigate the association between impaired MFE and death while adjusting for confounders. Hospital length of stay was assessed with the competing risk of in-hospital death. In 273 children, the median age at stage 1 Norwood reconstruction was 4 days (interquartile range [IQR], 3-6 days). A total of 72 children (26%) were exposed to an impaired MFE; they had more preterm births (18% versus 7%) and a greater percentage with low birth weights <2.5 kg (18% versus 4%) than those without impaired MFE. Impaired MFE was associated with a higher risk of death (hazard ratio [HR], 6.05; 95% CI, 3.59-10.21; P<0.001) after adjusting for age at surgery, Hispanic ethnicity, genetic syndrome, cardiac diagnosis, surgeon, and birth era. Children with impaired MFE had almost double the risk of prolonged hospital stay (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.41-2.70; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS Children exposed to an impaired MFE had a higher risk of death following stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. Prenatal exposures are potentially modifiable factors that can be targeted to improve outcomes after pediatric cardiac surgery.
Eosinophilic/T-cell Chorionic Vasculitis: Histological and Clinical Correlations.; Eosinophilic T-cell chorionic vasculitis (E/TCV) is composed of eosinophils and T-lymphocytes originating within chorionic vessels, radiating toward the intervillous space and away from the amnion in a fashion different from the fetal vascular response seen in amnionitis. Clinical significance and risk factors are not well established. We report four pregnancies (five infants, one triplet was spared) with E/TCV, gestational ranging from 23 weeks to term. All had concurrent acute chorioamnionitis, three had the typical acute fetal inflammatory response. One had placental fetal obstructive vasculopathy and an upper extremity reduction defect (radio-ulnar synostosis), the mother had pre-eclampsia. A second case involved 2 of 3 23 week previable triplets. Our third case had a metatarsus varus resistant to casting, the mother had gestational diabetes. The last case was a normal infant. We review the literature, discuss the clinical findings and present the histologic characteristics of this infrequently recognized lesion.
Effects of a partially home-based exercise program for women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effectiveness of a partially home-based, moderate-intensity aerobic exercise program for women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: This was a randomized experimental design. Thirty-three women with gestational diabetes were randomly assigned to the exercise or the no-exercise group. Subjects underwent hemoglobin A1C assay and submaximal cycle ergometer fitness tests at baseline and at study conclusion. Subjects kept diaries of home fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose determinations. Exercise subjects were asked to exercise for 30 minutes three to four times weekly at 70% of estimated maximal heart rate for the weeks of study participation. Two exercise sessions weekly were supervised by the investigator, and two were unsupervised at home. Control-group subjects were asked to maintain their current activity level. RESULTS: Daily fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1C, incidence of exogenous insulin therapy, and incidence of newborn hypoglycemia were not different between the groups. There was a training effect in the exercise group (P = .005) but not in the control group (P = .25). A significant decline in daily grams of carbohydrate consumed was observed in the control group (P = .03), but not in the exercise group (P = .97). No complications were found in the subjects who exercised. CONCLUSIONS: A partially home-based exercise program did not reduce blood glucose levels, but did result in a modest increase in cardiorespiratory fitness. The intervention appeared safe.
Relationship between ABO blood group and pregnancy complications: a systematic literature analysis.; Given the expression of ABO blood group antigens on the surface of a wide range of human cells and tissues, the putative interplay of the ABO system in human biology outside the area of transfusion and transplantation medicine constitutes an intriguing byway of research. Thanks to evidence accumulated over more than 50 years, the involvement of the ABO system in the pathogenesis of several human diseases, including cardiovascular, infectious and neoplastic disorders, is now acknowledged. However, there is controversial information on the potential association between ABO blood type and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including pre-eclampsia and related disorders (eclampsia, HELLP syndrome and intrauterine growth restriction), venous thromboembolism, post-partum haemorrhage and gestational diabetes. To elucidate the role of ABO antigens in pregnancy-related complications, we performed a systematic review of the literature published in the past 50 years. A meta-analytical approach was also applied to the existing literature on the association between ABO status and pre-eclampsia. The results of this systematic review are presented and critically discussed, along with the possible pathogenic implications.
Trajectories of cardiovascular risk predict pregnancy outcomes: The Bogalusa Heart Study and the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.; BACKGROUND: Life course patterns of change in risk-trajectories-affect health. OBJECTIVES: To examine how trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors are associated with pregnancy and birth outcomes. METHODS: Data from two cohort studies participating in the International Childhood Cardiovascular Consortium-The Bogalusa Heart Study (BHS; started in 1973, N = 903 for this analysis) and the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study (YFS; started in 1980, N = 499) were used. Both followed children into adulthood and measured cardiovascular risk factors, including body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP/DBP), total, lipoprotein (LDL)- and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and serum triglycerides. Discrete mixture modelling was used to divide each cohort into distinct trajectories according to these risk factors from childhood to early adulthood, and these groups were then used to predict pregnancy outcomes including small for gestational age (SGA; <10th study-specific percentile of gestational age by sex), preterm birth (PTB; <37 weeks' gestation), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with control for age at baseline and at first birth, parity, socioeconomic status, BMI and smoking. RESULTS: The models created more trajectories for BMI, SBP and HDL-cholesterol in the YFS than in BHS, for which three classes generally seemed to be sufficient to represent the groups in the population across risk factors. In BHS, the association between the higher and flatter DBP trajectory and PTB was aRR 1.77, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.06, 2.96. In BHS the association between consistent total cholesterol and PTB was aRR 2.16, 95% CI 1.22, 3.85 and in YFS the association between elevated high trajectory and PTB was aRR 3.35, 95% CI 1.28, 8.79. Elevated-increasing SBP was associated with a higher risk of GH in BHS and increasing or persistent-obese BMI trajectories were associated with GDM in both cohorts (BHS: aRR 3.51, 95% CI 1.95, 6.30; YFS: aRR 2.61, 95% CI 0.96, 7.08). CONCLUSIONS: Trajectories of cardiovascular risk, particularly those that represent a consistent or more rapid worsening of cardiovascular health, are associated with a higher risk of pregnancy complications.
Long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes.; A growing body of literature highlights the importance of recognizing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as cardiovascular risk factors when risk stratifying women for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a comprehensive review of the long term cardiovascular consequences associated with APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm delivery, gestational diabetes (GDM), low birth weight and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy using electronic databases, PubMed and the Cochrane Library. Women with pregnancies complicated by HDP, preterm birth, and low birth weight are at higher risk of developing CVD than were women without APOs in the years following pregnancy. Among women with a history of multiple APOs, HDP and GDM are independent risk factors for atherosclerotic CVD. The pathophysiology leading to CVD is multifactorial, and includes both physiologic and environmental factors. APOs should be accounted for in a women's CVD risk assessment and stratification as recommended by prevention guidelines. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms that lead to the increased risk of CVD in women with APOs.
Maternal blood glucose in diabetic pregnancies and cognitive performance in offspring in young adulthood: a Danish cohort study.; AIMS: Maternal diabetes is a known risk factor for perinatal complications, but there are little data on consequences for long-term intellectual outcome in offspring. We assess cognitive performance in military conscripts according to maternal blood glucose levels during pregnancy. METHODS: We identified a cohort of 60 Danish male offspring of insulin-treated diabetic mothers born between 1976 and 1984 and followed this cohort to military conscription. From medical records, we extracted data on all available values of maternal blood glucose categorized as fasting and non-fasting and by day in pregnancy, together with maternal White class, smoking habits and socio-economic status. The main outcome was cognitive performance at conscription measured with a validated intelligence test. The association between maternal blood glucose level and cognitive performance was assessed by multivariate linear regression and a fitted fractional polynomial. RESULTS: Median fasting blood glucose values in the second half of pregnancy was negatively associated with cognitive scores at conscription [adjusted coefficient -1.7; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.0; -0.4]. Restriction to only first-born sibling slightly strengthened the association (coefficient -1.9; 95% CI -3.3; -0.5), but after exclusion of two pregnancies with the blood glucose > 10 mmol/l the association became insignificant (coefficient -0.6; 95% CI -2.6; 1.4). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal blood glucose level during diabetic pregnancy is negatively associated with cognitive performance in offspring at military conscription. In pregnancies with fasting blood glucose levels below 10 mmol/l, the association is weak and considered to be without clinical relevance.
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes With Self-Reported Measures of Sleep Duration and Timing in Women Who Are Nulliparous.; STUDY OBJECTIVES: To examine the relationship of self-reported sleep during pregnancy with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A secondary objective was to describe the concordance between self-reported and objectively assessed sleep during pregnancy. METHODS: In this prospective cohort, women completed a survey of sleep patterns at 6 to 13 weeks' gestation (visit 1) and again at 22 to 29 weeks' gestation (visit 3). Additionally, at 16 to 21 weeks (visit 2), a subgroup completed a week-long sleep diary coincident with an actigraphy recording. Weekly averages of self-reported sleep duration and sleep midpoint were calculated. A priori, sleep duration < 7 hours was defined as "short," and sleep midpoint after 5:00 AM was defined as "late." The relationship of these sleep abnormalities with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was determined. RESULTS: Of the 10,038 women enrolled, sleep survey data were available for 7,524 women at visit 1 and 7,668 women at visit 3. A total of 752 women also provided ≥ 5 days of sleep diary data coincident with actigraphy at visit 2. We did not observe any consistent relationship between self-reported short sleep and HDP or GDM. There was an association between self-reported late sleep midpoint and GDM (visit 1 adjusted odds ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval 1.17, 2.38; visit 2 adjusted odds ratio 1.73, 95% confidence interval 1.23, 2.43). At visit 2, 77.1% of participants had concordance between their diary and actigraphy for short sleep duration, whereas 94.3% were concordant for sleep midpoint. CONCLUSIONS: Self-reported sleep midpoint, which is more accurate than self-reported sleep duration, is associated with the risk of GDM. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov, Title: Pregnancy as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Health: Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes as Predictors of Increased Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease, Identifier: NCT02231398, URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02231398.
Evaluating the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic: How Patient Characteristics Predict Follow-Up.; OBJECTIVE: At Kingston General Hospital, women who have pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators (e.g., preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) are offered standardized six-month postpartum follow-up for cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling. We sought to assess how patient characteristics predict attendance at follow-up. METHODS: We undertook a chart review of 650 patients who delivered between April 2011 and December 2014 and had preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between clinical and demographic variables and attendance at the follow-up clinic. RESULTS: Increasing age (in years) was significantly correlated with attendance at follow-up (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.08, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.12). Women who had preeclampsia were significantly more likely to attend than women who had gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.26). Women who were known to be non-smokers or whose smoking status was not recorded were significantly more likely to attend follow-up (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 1.32 to 4.62). There was a trend towards lower follow-up for women from census tracts or subdivisions with a greater proportion of individuals without educational certificate, diploma, or degree, but this was not statistically significant (aOR 0.10, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.22). CONCLUSION: There is significant selection bias among women who attend follow-up for postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes.
Cardiogenic shock in pregnancy.; Cardiac disease complicates 1%-4% of pregnancies globally, with a predominance in low and middle-income countries (LMICs). Increasing maternal age, rates of obesity, cardiovascular comorbidities, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes all contribute to acquired cardiovascular disease in pregnancy. Additionally, improved survival in congenital heart disease (CHD) has led to increasing numbers of women with CHD undergoing pregnancy. Implementation of individualised care plans formulated through pre-conception counselling and based on national and international guidance have contributed to improved clinical outcomes. However, there remains a significant proportion of women of reproductive age with no apparent comorbidities or risk factors that develop heart disease during pregnancy, with no indication for pre-conception counselling. The most extreme manifestation of cardiac disease is cardiogenic shock (CS), where the primary cardiac pathology results in inadequate cardiac output and hypoperfusion, and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Key to management is early recognition, intervention to treat any potentially reversible underlying pathology and supportive measures, up to and including mechanical circulatory support (MCS). In this narrative review we discuss recent developments in the classification of CS, and how these may be adapted to improve outcomes of pregnant women with, or at risk of developing, this potentially lethal condition.
Lipoprotein(a) is not related to markers of insulin resistance in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease is a common finding in patients with type 2 diabetes and among women with gestational diabetes. Elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] are linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, its relationship with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes is controversial and unproven. Here we aimed to clarify whether Lp(a) levels are associated with insulin sensitivity in pregnancy. METHODS: Sixty-four women with gestational diabetes and 165 with normal glucose tolerance were enrolled in the study. Fasting Lp(a) serum levels were measured in all women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: In pregnancy, there was no significant difference in serum Lp(a) concentrations between the two groups. Its level did not correlate with markers of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S%), pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B%) and insulin sensitivity in dynamic conditions (OGIS). In addition, fasting glucose and insulin levels and those throughout an oral glucose tolerance test were independent of Lp(a) concentrations in our study group. CONCLUSIONS: Lp(a) levels in pregnant women do not differ with respect to the presence or absence of gestational diabetes. Although influenced by some components of the lipid profile, such as triglycerides and HDL-C, insulin resistance in pregnancy is not affected by Lp(a).
The relationship between cardiac adaptation to uteroplacental Doppler flow and perinatal outcome in pregnant women with diabetes.; Diabetes is a metabolic disorder that complicates pregnancy. Early detection of patients at risk of developing complications is particularly important. Failure of normal cardiovascular adaptation that takes place in pregnancy has been associated with poor perinatal outcome in preeclamptic patients. The aim of this study was to investigate if complications were higher in diabetic patients with cardiac maladaptation. Fetal, uteroplacental Doppler and echocardiographic examinations were performed once in the second and third trimesters in diabetic and healthy pregnant patients. Physiological cardiac hypertrophy was apparent in healthy patients. This, although within normal limits, was less prominent in patients with diabetes. The majority of patients were found to have normal Doppler waveforms. The abnormal uteroplacental flow group consisted almost entirely of patients with pregestational diabetes, especially type I diabetes. Neonatal complications were most common in this group. No relationship was found between echocardiographic findings, Doppler waveforms and poor perinatal outcome.
Fetal death immediately following normal antenatal fetal heart rate pattern. Case report.; A fetal death occurred during antenatal non-stressed cardiotocography in a woman with gestational diabetes. The death occurred immediately following 30 minutes of normal fetal heart rate tracing with an active baby and with normal biochemical tests of placental function.
Lifestyle intervention for prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care: one-year follow-up of the Finnish National Diabetes Prevention Program (FIN-D2D).; OBJECTIVE: To investigate 1-year outcomes of a national diabetes prevention program in Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Altogether 10,149 individuals at high risk for diabetes were identified with the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC; scoring ≥15 points), by a history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease, or gestational diabetes mellitus in 400 primary health care centers. One-year follow-up data were available for 2,798 participants who were nondiabetic at baseline (919 men and 1,879 women, aged 56.0 ± 9.9 and 54.0 ± 10.7 years [mean ± SD] with BMI 30.9 ± 4.6 and 31.6 ± 5.4 kg/m(2)). RESULTS: The incidence of diabetes was 2.0 and 1.2% in men and women with normal glucose tolerance at baseline, 13.5 and 7.4% in those with IFG, and 16.1 and 11.3% in those with IGT, respectively. Altogether 17.5% of the subjects lost ≥ 5% weight with no sex difference. The relative risk of diabetes was 0.31 (95% CI 0.16-0.59) in the group who lost ≥ 5% weight, 0.72 (0.46-1.13) in the group who lost 2.5-4.9% weight, and 1.10 (0.77-1.58) in the group who gained ≥ 2.5% compared with the group who maintained weight. CONCLUSIONS: The FIN-D2D was the first national effort to implement the prevention of diabetes in a primary health care setting. Methods for recruiting high-risk subjects were simple and easy to use. Moderate weight loss in this very high-risk group was especially effective in reducing risk of diabetes among those participating in the program.
Rural-Urban Differences in Risk Factors for Prediabetes and Undiagnosed Diabetes Among Adult Dwellers in Selected Yoruba-Speaking Parts of Nigeria: A Glycated Haemoglobin-Based Population Screening.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Prevalence of prediabetes and undiagnosed diabetes are different in rural and urban dwellings, with varying driving factors. This study aimed to determine the differences in risk factors of prediabetes and undiagnosed diabetes among Yoruba speaking adult dwellers in selected rural and urban communities in Nigeria using haemoglobin A1c. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in five selected states in Southwestern Nigeria. Using a multistage sampling technique, 2,537 participants with no prior diagnosis of prediabetes or diabetes mellitus (DM) were enrolled and their glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) determined. Descriptive statistics, univariate and multiple logistic regression analysis was used to determine the prevalence and risk factors of prediabetes and diabetes at 5% level of significance. RESULTS: Increased age, sex, family history of diabetes, being married, participants' history of hypertension, cardiovascular disease and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) or delivery of big babies, BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly associated with prediabetes and diabetes in both urban and rural areas. However, adjusted odds ratio showed that family history of diabetes (2.14, 95% CI: 1.26-3.61 versus 1.36, 95% CI: 1.00-1.85) and past GDM among women (2.67, 95% CI: 0.62, 11.39 versus 1.32, 95% CI: 0.61, 2.89) clearly predict dysglycaemia in the rural compared to urban participants, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Family history of diabetes and past GDM disproportionately predict dysglycaemia in rural compared to urban participants. Periodic screening for dysglycaemia and public health education, especially in child-bearing women, are necessary measures to reduce the burden of dysglycaemia in Nigeria.
Association of elevated free fatty acids during late pregnancy with preterm delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between moderately elevated maternal plasma free fatty acids (FFAs) during late pregnancy and preterm delivery. METHODS: In a prospective observational cohort with 523 healthy pregnant women, fasting plasma FFAs were measured during the third trimester. Socioeconomic, demographic, and anthropometric measures were collected at entry to prenatal care, and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical record at delivery. RESULTS: After control for confounders including prepregnant body mass index (multiple logistic regression analysis), women who had moderately elevated plasma FFAs (in the highest tertile), showed a greater than threefold increased risk of preterm delivery (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 3.49, 95% (CI) 1.73-7.03, P<.001). The associations persisted in women who had spontaneous preterm delivery (AOR 2.35, 95% CI 1.05-5.28, P<.05) and after excluding women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia (AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.38-7.87, P<.01). Additional stratified analyses showed that the association of high maternal FFAs and increased risk of preterm delivery was independent of prepregnant obesity. CONCLUSION: Elevated fasting plasma FFA levels at 30 weeks of gestation were associated with an increased risk of preterm delivery. This effect was independent of prepregnant obesity and several other known risk factors for preterm delivery, including cigarette smoking, ethnicity, and prior preterm delivery. These data may have important clinical significance because they provide a possible link between preterm delivery and high lipid levels, a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Exercise in therapy and prevention of type II diabetes. Implications for blacks.; The rationale for the use of exercise in the treatment of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and its special implications for Blacks are reviewed herein. When performed on a regular basis, exercise may improve glycemic control and improve several risk factors for coronary heart disease including hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension, and hyperinsulinemia. In addition, it may be a useful adjunct to diet in producing weight loss. The metabolic benefits of exercise in part appear to be related to its ability to enhance insulin sensitivity. Benefits are short lived after discontinuing exercise. Because of problems with compliance and concurrent medical problems, many patients with type II diabetes are not good candidates for an exercise-diet program. For this reason, the optimum target population may be people at risk for type II diabetes and premature atherosclerosis. Such a population might include the offspring of patients with these disorders and individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, gestational diabetes, and/or an android pattern of fat distribution. Type II diabetes is more common in Blacks than in the general population. In most instances, it is associated with cardiovascular risk factors benefited by exercise. Despite this, there are no available studies regarding the effects of regular exercise in Blacks with type II diabetes or those at risk for it.
Utilization of primary and obstetric care after medically complicated pregnancies: an analysis of medical claims data.; BACKGROUND: Because pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, are risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, post-delivery follow-up is recommended. OBJECTIVE: To determine predictors of post-delivery primary and obstetric care utilization in women with and without medical complications. RESEARCH DESIGN: Five-year retrospective cohort study using commercial and Medicaid insurance claims in Maryland. SUBJECTS: 7,741 women with a complicated pregnancy (GDM, hypertensive disorders and pregestational diabetes mellitus [DM]) and 23,599 women with a comparison pregnancy. MEASURES: We compared primary and postpartum obstetric care utilization rates in the 12 months after delivery between the complicated and comparison pregnancy groups. We conducted multivariate logistic regression to assess the association between pregnancy complications, sociodemographic predictor variables and utilization of care, stratified by insurance type. RESULTS: Women with a complicated pregnancy were older at delivery (p < 0.001), with higher rates of cesarean delivery (p < 0.0001) and preterm labor or delivery (p < 0.0001). Among women with Medicaid, 56.6% in the complicated group and 51.7% in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Statistically significant predictors of receiving a primary care visit included non-Black race, older age, preeclampsia or DM, and depression. Among women with commercial health insurance, 60.0% in the complicated group and 49.5% in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Pregnancy complication did not predict a primary care visit among women with commercial insurance. CONCLUSIONS: Women with pregnancy complications were more likely to attend primary care visits post-delivery compared to the comparison group, but overall visit rates were low. Although Medicaid expansion has potential to increase coverage, innovative models for preventive health services after delivery are needed to target women at higher risk for chronic disease development.
Does gestational diabetes represent an obstetrical risk factor?; In order to assess the clinical consequences of gestational diabetes in the index pregnancy, a group of patients with positive oral glucose challenge test and their matched controls have been closely followed up. No differences in perinatal outcome have been pointed out, except for the higher rate (p < 0.01) among diabetic patients of preterm delivery and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The prevalence of the latter has shown no relationship to maternal obesity. In view of these data, the future risk of cardiovascular disease of this cohort of patients needs to be assessed with a follow-up study.
Diabetes, exercise, and atherosclerosis.; Regular exercise may diminish the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes and in the general population. The basis for this effect of exercise may be its ability to diminish or prevent hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and/or increases in intra-abdominal adipose mass. These abnormalities are associated with premature atherosclerotic vascular disease, essential hypertension, type II diabetes, and certain dyslipoproteinemias, and most likely precede them. They also have been implicated in the pathogenesis of these disorders. We propose that the high prevalence of hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in individuals leading a western life-style accounts for the reported benefit of physical activity in preventing coronary heart disease in the general population. We also propose that exercise (and diet) are most likely to be effective when initiated in young individuals, before the onset of irreversible vascular alterations, and when life-style changes may be more acceptable. Early identification of such individuals may be possible on the basis of family history, the presence of components of the hyperinsulinemia-insulin resistance syndrome, and/or central obesity. One such group that may already have been identified is women with gestational diabetes.
The Fourth Trimester: a Time for Enhancing Transitions in Cardiovascular Care.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The "fourth trimester" concept, defined as the first 12 weeks after delivery (and beyond), is a critical window of time for clinicians to intervene to optimize women's cardiovascular health after pregnancy. A timely and comprehensive postpartum cardiovascular assessment should be performed in all women following delivery in order to (1) follow up medical conditions present prior to conception, (2) evaluate symptoms and signs of common postpartum complications, and (3) identify risk factors and prevent future adverse cardiovascular outcomes. In this review, we aim to discuss major maternal cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum weight retention, and postpartum depression, as well as lactation as a potential protective risk modifying factor. Additionally, we will review effectiveness of outpatient interventions to enhance transitions in cardiovascular care during the fourth trimester. RECENT FINDINGS: A seamless hand-off from obstetric to primary care, and potentially cardiology, is needed for early detection and management of hypertension, weight, glycemic control, stress and mood, and long-term cardiovascular risk. Additionally, the use of telemedicine, blood pressure self-monitoring, remote activity monitoring, and behavioral health coaches are potentially feasible modalities to augment clinic-based care for cardiovascular risk factors and weight management, but additional studies are needed to study their long-term effectiveness. SUMMARY: Development of a comprehensive postpartum care plan with careful consideration of each patient's risk profile and access to resources is critical to improve maternal morbidity and mortality, reduce health disparities, and achieve long-term cardiovascular health for women. Supporting postpartum well-being of women during this transition period requires a multidisciplinary approach, especially primary care engagement, and planning should start before delivery.
Evaluating the association between neonatal mortality and maternal high blood pressure, heart disease and gestational diabetes: A case control study.; BACKGROUND: Prevention of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) during pregnancy is recommended due to severe complications for mothers and infants. Considering that NCDs have a significant impact on infant mortality, this study was conducted to investigate the relationship between mothers' underlying diseases and gestational diabetes and infant mortality in Iran. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Mothers who referred to the health centers in nine provinces of Iran were included. This case-control study used data collected from pregnant women. There were 1162 cases and 1624 controls. The required data were collected from mothers' health records and through interviews. RESULTS: The chances of neonatal mortality in women with a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35, 1.7 times (odds ratio [OR] = 1.7, confidence interval [CI]: 1.19-2.44, P = 0.003) was higher compared with women with a normal BMI. The chance of neonatal mortality among mothers with high blood pressure was three times higher compared with healthy mothers (OR = 3.04, 95% CI: 1.98-4.65, P < 0.001). The chance of neonatal mortality in women with kidney disease was also 1.64 times higher than mothers without kidney problems (OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.1-2.45, P = 0.015). In the study of gestational diabetes, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had at risk was 1.63 times higher than mothers without gestational diabetes (OR = 1.63, 95% CI: 0.84-3.16, P = 0.014). Furthermore, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had heart disease was 1.10 times higher than mothers without heart disease (OR = 2.10, 95% CI: 0.88-4.99, P = 0.014). CONCLUSION: This study showed that undiagnosed underlying diseases were related to neonatal mortality, which highlights the importance of caring for and counseling about the underlying diseases, screening, and controlling blood sugar levels before and during pregnancy to prevent infant mortality by all means possible.
Maternal Exposure to Housing Renovation During Pregnancy and Risk of Offspring with Congenital Malformation: The Japan Environment and Children's Study.; There have been no large, nationwide, birth cohort studies in Japan examining the effects of house renovation during pregnancy on congenital abnormality. This study examined the impact of (1) prenatal exposure to house renovation and (2) maternal occupational exposure to organic solvents and/or formaldehyde on the incidence of congenital abnormality. The fixed data of 67,503 singleton births from a large national birth cohort study that commenced in 2011 were used to evaluate the presence of congenital abnormalities and potential confounding factors. We employed multiple logistic regression analysis to search for correlations between maternal exposure to house renovation or organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy and such congenital abnormalities as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or palate, male genital abnormality, limb defect, and gastrointestinal obstruction. After controlling for potential confounding factors, we observed that house renovation was significantly associated with male genital abnormality (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.03-3.17, P = 0.04) when stratified by congenital abnormality, with no other remarkable relations to house renovation or occupational use of organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy. There were also significant correlations for maternal BMI before pregnancy, history of ovulation induction through medication, maternal diabetes mellitus/gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with an increased risk of congenital abnormality. In conclusion, this large nationwide survey provides important information on a possible association of house renovation during pregnancy with congenital male genital abnormality which needs confirmation in future studies.
Maternal High Fat Diet and Diabetes Disrupts Transcriptomic Pathways That Regulate Cardiac Metabolism and Cell Fate in Newborn Rat Hearts.; Background: Children born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher risk of heart disease at birth and later in life. Using chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing, we previously demonstrated that late-gestation diabetes, maternal high fat (HF) diet, and the combination causes distinct fuel-mediated epigenetic reprogramming of rat cardiac tissue during fetal cardiogenesis. The objective of the present study was to investigate the overall transcriptional signature of newborn offspring exposed to maternal diabetes and maternal H diet. Methods: Microarray gene expression profiling of hearts from diabetes exposed, HF diet exposed, and combination exposed newborn rats was compared to controls. Functional annotation, pathway and network analysis of differentially expressed genes were performed in combination exposed and control newborn rat hearts. Further downstream metabolic assessments included measurement of total and phosphorylated AKT2 and GSK3β, as well as quantification of glycolytic capacity by extracellular flux analysis and glycogen staining. Results: Transcriptional analysis identified significant fuel-mediated changes in offspring cardiac gene expression. Specifically, functional pathways analysis identified two key signaling cascades that were functionally prioritized in combination exposed offspring hearts: (1) downregulation of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) activated PI3K/AKT pathway and (2) upregulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator alpha (PGC1α) mitochondrial biogenesis signaling. Functional metabolic and histochemical assays supported these transcriptome changes, corroborating diabetes- and diet-induced cardiac transcriptome remodeling and cardiac metabolism in offspring. Conclusion: This study provides the first data accounting for the compounding effects of maternal hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia on the developmental cardiac transcriptome, and elucidates nuanced and novel features of maternal diabetes and diet on regulation of heart health.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescence and early adulthood: a population-based birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with risk factors for cardiovascular disease and related end points in adulthood. We examined this potential association in a population-based birth cohort followed up to age 35 years. METHODS: We performed a cohort study of offspring born between 1979 and 2005 (n = 293 546) and followed until March 2015 in Manitoba, Canada, using registry-based administrative data. The primary exposures were intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome was a composite measure of incident cardiovascular disease events, and the secondary outcome was a composite of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in offspring followed up to age 35 years. RESULTS: The cohort provided 3 628 576 person-years of data (mean age at latest follow-up 20.5 [standard deviation 6.4] years, 49.3% female); 2765 (0.9%) of the offspring experienced a cardiovascular disease end point, and 12 673 (4.3%) experienced a cardiovascular disease risk factor. After propensity score matching, the hazard for cardiovascular disease end points was elevated in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.12-1.79) but not type 2 diabetes (adjusted HR 1.40, 95% CI 0.98-2.01). A similar association was observed for cardiovascular disease risk factors (gestational diabetes: adjusted HR 1.92, 95% CI 1.75-2.11; type 2 diabetes: adjusted HR 3.40, 95% CI 3.00-3.85). INTERPRETATION: Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with higher morbidity and risk related to cardiovascular disease among offspring up to 35 years of age.
Risk factors for transposition of the great arteries in Saudi population.; To assess potential risk factors and their effect on the development of transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods: A retrospective case-control study of all patients diagnosed with TGA between 1999 to 2016 at King Abdulaziz Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Age and gender-matched controls were selected. Risk factors, including consanguinity, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital heart disease, parental age, and maternal parity, were collected. Regression modeling was used to analyze the effects of risk factors on the development of TGA. Results: A total of 206 patients with transposition of the great arteries were enrolled in the study. Transposition of the great arteries  cases were divided into simple and complex TGA. Selected healthy controls were 446. In the studied cases, consanguinity was found in 95 (46%) of cases, gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 36 (17.5%) mothers, and 35 (17%) had a confirmed family history of congenital heart disease. When risk factors of the cases were compared to the controls, consanguinity, gestational diabetes, maternal age, and parity were found to significantly increase the incidence of TGA. Conclusion: Our study revealed significant risk factors for the development of transposition of great arteries including first degree consanguineous marriages, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital cardiac anomalies, and increasing maternal age and parity. These factors increased the risk by at least 2 folds.
Abnormal uterine Doppler is related to vasculopathy in pregestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to evaluate the relation between maternal placental Doppler velocimetry, levels of the maternal glucose, and clinical signs of vasculopathy in pregnancy complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS AND RESULTS: A retrospective study of 155 pregestational diabetic women between the 22nd and 40th weeks of pregnancy, categorized in White classification as B, 49; C, 40; D, 22; R, 20; F, 5; and RIF, 19. Cases in classes R, F, and R/F were defined as having vasculopathy. Doppler velocimetry of umbilical and uterine arteries was evaluated for vascular impedance, both in terms of pulsatility index (PI) for both arteries and a notch in early diastole in the uterine arteries. The last examination before delivery was used for analysis. Increased umbilical artery PI was seen in 19 and a uterine artery abnormality in 45 cases. There was a correlation between levels of HbA(1c) and increased vascular impedance in the uterine and umbilical arteries. Signs of increased uterine artery vascular impedances were significantly related to pregestational vasculopathy. In cases of small-for-gestational-age newborn infants, PI was significantly increased in uterine and umbilical arteries. Furthermore, PI in macrosomic fetuses was significantly lower than in normal infants. Abnormal uterine artery Doppler was also strongly related to adverse outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal uterine artery Doppler is related to pregestational vasculopathy and adverse outcome of pregnancy. The results suggest that the uterine arteries are affected in women with clinical signs of pregestational vasculopathy. This may influence placental perfusion and fetal well-being.
Assessment of the Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Well-Controlled Gestational Diabetics and to Determine Whether It Is Predictive of Adverse Perinatal Outcome.; This study was aimed at determining if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in well-controlled gestational diabetics and if so whether it is predictive of adverse perinatal outcome. In a prospective cross-sectional study, 54 consecutive women with well-controlled gestational diabetes controlled on insulin or metformin in the third trimester were recruited and matched with 54 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Sonographic biophysical and placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth; neonatal death; neonatal intensive care admissions; tachypnea with pulmonary edema; neonatal cord pH < 7.15; 5-min Apgar score < 7, polycythemia; and nucleated red blood cells > 10/100 white blood cell counts, hypoglycemia. The MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to controls (p < 0.0001). Rate of adverse outcome was 22% in the diabetic group. The diabetic group with adverse outcomes had significantly elevated MPI values compared to the diabetic group with normal outcomes. There were 26 diabetics controlled on metformin and 28 controlled on insulin. The adverse outcome rate was slightly higher in the IDDM group compared to the non-insulin-dependent group but was not statistically significant. The main adverse outcomes were low Apgars (18%), hypoglycemia (22%), polycythemia (13%) and low pH in 7%. All control births had normal outcomes. MPI served as an independent predictor of adverse outcome. The MPI z-score had a good diagnostic accuracy as evidenced by the area under the ROC curve of 0.83. An MPI z-score exceeding 4.55 conferred a 90% sensitivity and 74% specificity, with 77% of outcomes correctly classified with a likelihood ratio of 3.5. The MPI is impaired in fetuses in well-controlled gestational diabetes, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI values compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the diabetic group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Role of prenatal echocardiography in the study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus.; The increased incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in children of diabetic mothers has already been demonstrated, but its prenatal diagnosis has not yet been extensively studied. The purpose of this prospective study was to evaluate the frequency, severity, and echocardiographic features of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a population with several indications for prenatal echocardiography. From March 1987 to April 1991, 283 fetuses were submitted to comprehensive prenatal echocardiography, including M-mode measurements, cross-sectional imaging, Doppler studies, and color flow mapping. One hundred seventy-six were pregnancies complicated by previous or gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of disproportionate septal hypertrophy was made in 39 fetuses (mean septal thickness 7.12 +/- 1.6 mm), at a mean gestational age of 32 weeks. Diabetes mellitus was present in 36 of these pregnancies (92.3%). In four cases, nonimmune hydrops was detected. A systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve was present in three fetuses, but only one showed a gradient across the left ventricular outflow tract. Postnatal echocardiographic examination in 27 babies did not show false positivity. In ten cases, spontaneous regression of the septal hypertrophy was shown. There were three neonatal deaths, unrelated to the myocardial disease. We concluded that transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a frequent entity, especially when associated with diabetes during gestation, being a potential cause for nonimmune hydrops. Fetal echocardiography is the method of choice for its prenatal diagnosis and should always be indicated in diabetic mothers.
Cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To explore biomarkers indicating cardiovascular disease in pregnant women with diabetes or preeclampsia, since these women are at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. STUDY DESIGN: EDTA-plasma from 262 women in gestational week 24-42 (healthy pregnancies n=71, preeclampsia n=105, type 2 diabetes n=17, gestational diabetes n=61, diabetes with preeclampsia n=8) was analyzed by immunoassay for neopterin, midregional pro-adrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and C-terminal pro-arginine vasopressin (CT-proAVP). The diabetes groups were also analyzed for midregional pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP), and compared to previously reported MR-proANP concentrations for healthy, normotensive and preeclamptic patients. RESULTS: In contrast to preeclampsia, median plasma MR-proANP was not increased in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, but in fact lower, compared to healthy pregnancies. Neopterin was increased in diabetic pregnancies and in late onset preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proADM was increased in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proANP was increased in diabetic pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia compared to pregnant women with diabetes only. CONCLUSION: Women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia are at risk for future cardiovascular disease, but differ in circulating cardiovascular biomarker profile. A cardiovascular biomarker profiling during pregnancy might prove helpful in identifying women at risk for future cardiovascular disease, thus enabling targeted prophylactic interventions and follow-up.
Gestational diabetes leading to diagnosis and management of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a.; BACKGROUND: Multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) type 2a is an autosomal dominant syndrome caused by specific proto-oncogene mutations characterized by medullary carcinoma of the thyroid, pheochromocytoma, and, occasionally, multiglandular parathyroid hyperplasia, which rarely complicates pregnancy. Secondary diabetes rarely has been reported in association with principal endocrinopathies complicating pregnancy. CASE: A 34-year-old primiparous woman with recently diagnosed gestational diabetes had repeated episodes of dizziness at 30 weeks of gestation, initially attributed to glyburide. Continued episodes of dizziness and later-appearing bouts of severe headache, palpitations, diaphoresis, severe hypertension, and marked tachycardia led to diagnosis and management of MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Patients with MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy may present with gestational diabetes.
The impact of maternal obesity on maternal and fetal health.; The increasing rate of maternal obesity provides a major challenge to obstetric practice. Maternal obesity can result in negative outcomes for both women and fetuses. The maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists are well positioned to prevent and treat this epidemic.
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy and maternal-fetal outcome.; Hyperlipidemia is a known cause of atherosclerosis and directly contributes to the current epidemic in cardio-vascular disease. Pregnancy is typified by an increase in serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides pushed by the rise in estrogen, progesterone and lactogen. Mobilization of stored fat depots in late pregnancy may provide a reservoir of fatty acids for fetal growth and placental tissue steroid synthesis. This physiologic increase in lipids performs an essential role during pregnancy; however, elevated levels of lipids in predisposed women or with familiar forms of hyperlipidemia can carry increased risk for maternal-fetal complications. The present treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidemia is the suspension of medications. However, hyperlipidemia during pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes and offspring of these mothers show a propensity to enhanced fatty streak formation and an increased risk of progressive atherosclerosis. This current evidence may motivate the further study on the potential benefits of treatment of hyperlipidemia in pregnancy and its effects on maternal-fetal outcomes.
First trimester serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) is highly expressed in damaged epithelia, during inflammation and cardiovascular disease. Soluble NGAL was measured in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes. METHODS: From a cohort of 908 pregnant outpatients who participated in a screening programme for Down's syndrome at 9-12 weeks of gestation, we considered all 41 women with a singleton pregnancy, who developed gestational diabetes in the previous 12 months, and a control group of 82 normal pregnancies. Circulating NGAL and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment ratio (HOMA-IR) were determined in the first trimester. RESULTS: Median serum NGAL concentrations were higher in the gestational diabetes group [51.3 ng/ml (39.8-66.1 ng/ml)] compared with the control group [17.8 ng/ml (15.5-20.9 ng/ml)] (P < 0.001) and positively correlated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In the first trimester, circulating NGAL was significantly increased in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes compared with the control group.
Gestational Diabetes and the Offspring: Implications in the Development of the Cardiorenal Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring.; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. There is increasing evidence that the offspring of women with GDM are at increased risk for the development of all components of the cardiorenal metabolic syndrome. Overall, it appears that these offspring have an increased risk for overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, higher blood pressure, renal disease, and type 2 diabetes. However, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
The role of first trimester fetal heart rate in the prediction of gestational diabetes: A multicenter study.; OBJECTIVE: Early pregnancy models for prediction of GDM have been proposed, mostly using anamnestic and biochemical parameters. The aim of our study was to evaluate the strength of association of first trimester fetal heart rate (FHR) in predicting the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: We considered in our analysis singleton non-diabetic pregnant women who underwent a first trimester screening at 11-14 weeks. Data on maternal age, BMI, cigarette smoking, NT, FHR, CRL, DV-PVI, β-hCG and PAPP-A were included in the analysis. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and first-trimester ultrasound measurements and GDM. We evaluated the efficacy of different models for the prediction of GDM. RESULTS: We considered 603 women, of whom 199 (33%) were subsequently diagnosed with GDM. ROC analysis showed that first trimester FHR was highly predictive of GDM (AUC 0.809, 95% CI 0.769-0.849, p < 0.001). At FPR of 20%, first trimester FHR had a detection rate of 65.2% for GDM (positive likelihood ratio: 3.26; negative likelihood ratio: 0.43), which increased to 89.5% at FPR of 40% (positive likelihood ratio: 2.24; negative likelihood ratio: 0.17). When considering as threshold 162 bpm, FHR showed detection rate of 76.9%, specificity of 67.1% and negative predictive value of 85.5% for GDM. CONCLUSION: This is the first study to highlight the potential role of first trimester FHR as early predictor of GDM. In our cohort, a threshold of 162 bpm has shown high detection rate and NPV for GDM.
Infants with macrosomia and infants of diabetic mothers have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in childhood.; Incidence of diabetes during pregnancy is increasing worldwide, and intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure may have long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. We investigated prospectively the risk of atherosclerosis and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in infants born macrosomic and in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) at the age of 8-9 years in 2021. A total of 49 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM group) and 13 macrosomic infants (macrosomic group) were included in the study. They were compared with 26 age-matched healthy children with birth weight appropriate for gestational age born to non-diabetic mothers (control group). Anthropometric measurements, atherosclerosis risk factors, and CIMT measurements were performed. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of age, gender, actual anthropometric measurements, blood pressure measurements, laboratory parameters, or atherosclerosis risk factors. Gestational age was lower in the IDM group (p < 0.001), while birth weight was higher in the macrosomic group (p < 0.001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was lower in the IDM group than the other groups. Duration of exclusive and total breastfeeding was lower in IDM group than in the control group (p < 0.001 for both). Body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist-to-hip ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were higher in those breastfed for less than 6 months in the IDM group. The CIMT values were statistically higher in IDM [0.43 ± 0.047 (0.34-0.60)] and macrosomic [0.40 ± 0.055 (0.33-0.50)] groups than control group [0.34 ± 0.047 (0.26-0.45)]. CONCLUSION: CIMT values were higher in IDM and macrosomic groups at 8-9 years old age compared to children born with normal birth weight. This indicates intrauterine exposure in both groups. And also, breastfeeding seems very important for IDMs. WHAT IS KNOWN: • Intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure has long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. • Infants of diabetic mothers have higher carotid artery intima-media thickness at birth. WHAT IS NEW: • Both infants of diabetic mothers and infants with macrosomia have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness at the age of 8-9 years. • Duration of breast feeding is important especially in infants of diabetic mothers as body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist to hip and height ratio were higher in those breastfed less than 6 months.
Prevalence and coprevalence of chronic comorbid conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in Catalonia: a population-based cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the prevalence and coprevalence of several chronic conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in a Mediterranean region. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SETTING: Two hundred and eighty-six primary care teams of the Catalonian Health Institute (Catalonia, Spain). PARTICIPANTS: We included patients aged ≥18 years with a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes by 31 December, 2016, who were registered in the Information System for the Development of Research in primary care (SIDIAP) database. We excluded patients with a diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus and any other type of diabetes. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: We collected data on diabetes-related comorbidities (ie, chronic complications, associated cardiovascular risk factors and treatment complications). Diagnoses were based on the International Classification of Diseases, 10(th) Revision codes recorded in the database or, for some entities, on the cut-off points for a particular test result or a specific treatment indicated for that entity. The presence and stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD) were based on the glomerular filtration rate, the CKD Epidemiology Collaboration creatinine equation and the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio. RESULTS: A total of 373 185 patients were analysed. 82% of patients exhibited ≥2 comorbidities and 31% exhibited ≥4 comorbidities. The most frequent comorbidities were hypertension (72%), hyperlipidaemia (60%), obesity (45%), CKD (33%), chronic renal failure (CRF)(28%) and cardiovascular disease (23%). The most frequently coprevalent pairs of chronic conditions were the combination of hypertension with hyperlipidaemia (45%), obesity (35%), CKD (28%), CRF (25%) or cardiovascular disease (19%), as well as the combination of hyperlipidaemia with obesity (28%), CKD (21%), CRF (18%) or cardiovascular disease (15%); other common pairs of comorbidities were obesity/CKD, obesity/CRF, hypertension/retinopathy, hypertension/albuminuria, hypertension/urinary tract infection, CVD/CRF and CVD/CKD, which were each present in more than 10% of patients. CONCLUSION: Patients with type 2 diabetes have a high frequency of coprevalence of metabolic risk factors, cardiovascular disease and CKD and thus require an integrated management approach.
Effects of prandial glycemic changes on objective fetal heart rate parameters.; BACKGROUND: There is confusion in the literature about the potential effect of maternal glucose levels on the fetal heart rate (FHR) cardiotocographic interpretation. STUDY DESIGN: prospective clinical descriptive study. SUBJECTS: 21 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus, 23 women with gestational diabetes and 18 healthy non-diabetic pregnant volunteers (control group). TREATMENT: maternal capillary glucose measurement and objective FHR analysis (Oxford System 8002) pre- and 1 h post-meal. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: descriptive statistics. Student t-tests and Pearson correlation studies. RESULTS: Maternal capillary glucose levels ranged between 2.7-10.5 mmol/l pre-meal and 4.2 14.8 mmol/l post-meal. The differences between objective FHR parameters pre- and postmeal were not significant in any of the groups of women studied. No correlation was found between prandial glycemic and FHR changes. Women with optimal and suboptimal glycemic control exhibited similar objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal. Women with gestational diabetes showed similar prandial cardiotocographic changes irrespective of whether they were on insulin therapy or on hypoglycemic diet only. CONCLUSIONS: Objective FHR parameters are unaffected by prandial glycemic changes over a wide range of maternal glucose levels. Timing the non-stress test in relation to the meals seems irrelevant in clinical practice.
Inhibition of Cardiomyogenesis in Embryocarcinoma Cells Induced by Long-Term High Level of Glucose.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Cardiac myocytes constitute the first differentiated cell type during mammalian heart formation with the ability to beat spontaneously and rhythmically. Hyperglycemia is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). However, the impact that hyperglycemia has on cardiac progenitors or on precursors differentiation remains poorly understood. The aim of the present study is to investigate whether hyperglycemia affects cardiomyogenesis of embryocarcinoma cells. METHODS: P19CL6 cells differentiation induced by 1% DMSO was evaluated under either normal glucose (5.6 mmol/L) or high level of glucose concentrations (20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L). To investigate the effect of long-term high level of glucose on cardiomyocytes differentiation, sarcomeric α-actinin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor coactivator-1 (PGC-1α), transcription factor GATA4 and Nkx2.5 were assessed by qRT-PCR analysis, western blot and immunofluorescence. RESULTS: We observed that long-term high level of glucose markedly reduced P19CL6 cells differentiation into cardiomyocytes. The change in PGC-1α expression was consistent with changes in cardiac muscle myosin expression after exposure to 20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L of glucose. On the other hand, the high level of glucose concentration profoundly decreased both GATA4 and Nkx2-5 expressions from day 6 to day 12 after differentiation, which was induced by 1% DMSO. CONCLUSION: Our results elucidate that the effect resulting from the long-term exposure of cardiac progenitors to high level of glucose is associated with decreased expression of GATA4 and Nkx2.5, providing a novel mechanism by which high glucose is able to affect cell differentiation.
Effects of Metabolic Syndrome on Pregnancy Outcomes in Women Without Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; CONTEXT: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of metabolic risk factors that predict cardiovascular disease. Previous studies suggested that MetS impaired clinical outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of MetS on IVF/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) outcomes in women without PCOS. METHODS: This retrospective study collected 8539 eligible women without PCOS who came for their first cycle of IVF/ICSI to the Institute of Women, Children and Reproductive Health, Shandong University, from 2017 to 2020, including 1147 subjects in the MetS group and 7392 in the control group. The primary outcome was live birth. Secondary outcomes included other pregnancy outcomes and the risk of maternal and neonatal complications. RESULTS: Women in the MetS group had a lower live birth rate (50.6% vs 54.9%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 0.87, 95% CI 0.75-1.00, P = .045) and higher risks of late miscarriage (5.8% vs 3.3%, aOR 1.52, 95% CI 1.02-2.27, P = .041), gestational diabetes mellitus (13.7% vs 7.0%, aOR 1.84, 95% CI 1.30-2.60, P = .001), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (7.8% vs 3.5%, aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.14-2.83, P = .012), and preterm birth (9.0% vs 4.4%, aOR 2.03, 95% CI 1.33-3.08, P = .001). Singleton newborns in the MetS group were at higher risk of large for gestational age (33.3% vs 20.5%, aOR 1.66, 95% CI (1.31-2.13), P < .001) but at lower risk of small for gestational age (2.7% vs 6.2%, aOR 0.48, 95% CI 0.25-0.90, P = .023). CONCLUSION: MetS was associated with adverse IVF/ICSI outcomes in women without PCOS.
Mediating effect of vascular risk factors underlying the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have an elevated lifetime incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the basis of this excess risk remains to be established. In this context, we hypothesized that chronic exposure to adverse cardiovascular risk factors may contribute to their elevated risk of CVD. We thus sought to quantify the determinants of CVD risk in women with a history of GDM by performing mediation analyses. METHODS: Women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between Jan 1998 and Dec 2017 (n=757,541) were followed for a median of 13.2 years and stratified into the following 4 groups: women with GDM who developed CVD (GDM+/CVD+); women without GDM who developed CVD (GDM-/CVD+); those with GDM but no CVD (GDM+/CVD-); and those with neither GDM nor CVD (GDM-/CVD-). Lipids (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides) and glycemic variables (A1c, fasting glucose) were measured between 4.3±3.0 and 4.8±3.4 times over follow-up. RESULTS: On successive measurements at a median of 4.8, 7.1, and 8.7 years postpartum, respectively, each lipid and glycemic measure progressively worsened from GDM-/CVD- to GDM+/CVD- to GDM-/CVD+ to GDM+/CVD+ (all p&lt;0.0001). At each point in time, each of the lipid and glycemic measures was significantly worse in GDM+/CVD+ compared to GDM+/CVD- (all p&lt;0.001). Moreover, among women who did not develop CVD, all lipid and glycemic measures were significantly worse in those with previous GDM (all p&lt;0.001 for GDM+/CVD- vs GDM-/CVD-). Mediation analyses revealed that the dominant determinants of CVD risk in women with GDM were A1c (56.0% mediation, 95%CI 47.4-67.8) and fasting glucose (47.4%, 38.8-60.8), followed by HDL (25.2%, 21.3-30.7) and triglycerides (12.1%, 9.7-15.6). Upon exclusion of those who developed diabetes during follow-up, the key determinants were HDL (40.8%), fasting glucose (37.7%), A1c (28.6%), triglycerides (21.0%), and LDL (9.9%). CONCLUSIONS: Adverse glycemic and lipid measures mediate the elevated risk of CVD in women with previous GDM, with the impact of lipids particularly evident in those who do not develop diabetes. These findings thus identify potential targets for risk factor monitoring and ultimately early intervention towards the goal of primary prevention of CVD in this at-risk patient population.
Our Arduous Research Journey from Preeclampsia to Alzheimer's Disease - Report from the Center of Biomedical Research Excellence (COBRE) for Reproductive Health.; This article is contributed by the COBRE for Reproductive Health. The programmatic and scientific goals of this COBRE support a multidisciplinary, translational, and innovative program in women's reproductive health. The research projects focus on using pre-clinical and human models to understand mechanisms of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, IVF pregnancies, and the application of contemporary computational approaches to identify the networks and pathways underlying these devastating pregnancy complications. We discuss how novel observations emanating from the preeclampsia project can be leveraged to understand chronic diseases such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). Proteinopathy is a hallmark feature of neurodegenerative disorders such as AD. We recently reported that preeclampsia (PE), a severe pregnancy complication, is another prevalent proteinopathy disorder in a younger population. This review provides a comprehensive discussion on shared etiology between PE and AD, establishing a novel blood test for their prediction and diagnosis, and a novel therapeutic option for these disorders.
Metabolic disorders during pregnancy and postpartum cardiometabolic risk.; Hormonal changes during pregnancy can trigger gestational diabetes (GDM), which is constantly increasing. Its main characteristic is pronounced insulin resistance, but it appears to be a multifactorial process involving several metabolic factors; taken together, the latter leads to silent or clinically evident cardiovascular (CV) events. Insulin resistance and central adiposity are of crucial importance in the development of metabolic syndrome, and they appear to correlate with CV risk factors, including hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidaemia. Hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP) is more likely to be an accompanying co-morbidity in pregnancies complicated with GDM. There is still inconsistent evidence as to whether or not co-existent GDM and HDP have a synergistic effects on postpartum risk of cardiometabolic disease; however, this synergism is becoming more accepted since both these conditions may promote endothelial inflammation and early atherosclerosis. Regardless of the presence or absence of the synergism between GDM and HDP, these conditions need to be dealt early enough, in order to reduce CV morbidity and to improve health outcomes for both women and their offspring.
Mortality in diabetes: a retrospective analysis from a tertiary care hospital in North India.; Cause(s) of death in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) admitted to a tertiary care hospital in North India was analysed from classified information in patients' death records and case file. Of the 306652 total admissions from 1991 to 1999, 21584 patients died (7.04%), 592 of whom (355 men and 237 women) had DM (2.7%). Information from 92 patients with diabetes could not be retrieved and six patients with hyperglycemia of short duration (two with gestational DM, three with post-transplant diabetes and one with stress hyperglycemia) were excluded. Of the 494 patients, 456 (92.3%) had T2DM and 38 (7.7%) had T1DM. Four hundred and forty patients had diabetes related mortality: infections (230, 46.5%), cardiovascular events (86, 17.4%), chronic renal failure (CRF) (48, 9.7%), stroke (30, 6%), diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) (15, 3%), hyperosmolar coma (11, 2.2%), and hypoglycemia (5, 1%), while others (54 patients) had diabetes unrelated deaths. Cause of death could not be ascertained in six patients (1.2%). Death was attributed to a single cause in 301 (60.9%), to two causes in 175 (35.4%) and to three or more causes in 12 (2.4%) patients. Analysis of the cause of death in DM versus hospital in-patients in general, showed infection (P<0.02), coronary artery disease (CAD) (P<0.001), and CRF (P<0.001) to be more frequent in diabetes.
[Hospital Admissions due to cyanosis episodes in newborns with gestational age of 34 weeks or more].; OBJECTIVES: A retrospective study was performed between January 2007 and December 2012 to assess the admission rates of newborns due to episodes of cyanosis PATIENTS AND METHOD: Retrospective study that included all the newborns hospitalized with episodes of cyanosis between January 2007 and December 2012. In them were employed two study protocols that considered first and second line tests, the latter in view of recurrence of events. The first line protocol considered general biochemical tests, chest x-ray and echocardiography in selected cases, while the second line protocol included electroencephalogram, electrocardiogram, nuclear magnetic resonance of the brain, expanded metabolic screening, pyruvic acid, lactic acid, and in case of seizures, cytochemical, and culture of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and PCR (polymerase chain reaction) for herpes. RESULTS: A total of 98 (2.8%) out of 3,454 newborns were admitted due to episodes of cyanosis. Gestational age: 37.8+1.4 weeks, birth weight: 3,145+477 g. Maternal age: 32+4.8 years. Disease was present in 19.4% of mothers; gestational diabetes (8.1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (5.1%), intrahepatic cholestasis (3.1%), and intrauterine growth retardation (3.1%). Gender: 48.8% male, 51.2% female (NS). Birth: caesarean section, 68.4%, and vaginal delivery, 31.6%. Age on admission 1.9+1.4 days. Hospital stay: 4.2+4.2 days. First line tests were performed in 100% of patients with 39.8% fulfilling the criteria for second line study. A condition was detected in 21.4%, with convulsive syndrome was the most frequent (33%). Newborns with an identified condition had 3.8+2.7 episodes versus 1.5+2,4 in those without diagnosis (NS). A home oxygen monitor was given to 15.4%. There were no re-admissions. CONCLUSIONS: Most newborns admitted due to cyanosis are discharged with a condition of unknown origin. In this study, convulsive syndrome was the most frequent cause.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort: Evidence From 47 874 Cases.; The recommendations for the diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension were recently revised by the American Heart Association primarily based on its impact on cardiovascular disease risks. Whether the newly diagnosed stage 1 hypertension impacts pregnancy complications remain poorly defined. We designed a retrospective cohort study to investigate the associations of stage 1 hypertension detected in early gestation (<20 weeks) with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes stratified by prepregnancy body mass index. A total of 47 874 women with singleton live births and blood pressure (BP) <140/90 mm Hg were included, with 5781 identified as stage 1a (systolic BP, 130-134 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 80-84 mm Hg; or both) and 3267 as stage 1b hypertension (systolic BP, 135-139 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 85-90 mm Hg; or both). Slightly higher, yet significant, rates and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight (<2500 g) were observed in both groups compared with normotensive controls. Importantly, women with stage 1a and stage 1b hypertension had significantly increased incidences of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared with normotensive women (adjusted odds ratio, 2.34 [95% CI, 2.16-2.53]; 3.05 [2.78-3.34], respectively). After stratifying by body mass index, stage 1a and 1b hypertension were associated with increased hypertensive disorders in pregnancy risks in both normal weight (body mass index, 18.5-24.9; adjusted odds ratio, 2.44 [2.23-2.67]; 3.26 [2.93-3.63]) and the overweight/obese (body mass index, ≥25; adjusted odds ratio, 1.90 [1.56-2.31]; 2.36 [1.92-2.90]). Current findings suggested significantly increased adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with stage 1 hypertension based on the revised American Heart Association guidelines, especially in women with prepregnancy normal weight.
Is a history of gestational diabetes related to risk factors for coronary heart disease?; Coronary heart disease (CHD) risk in 20 non-diabetic women with and 20 without a distant history of gestational diabetes (hGDM), matched on age, body mass index, and time since GDM-affected pregnancy, was compared in a case control study. Women with an hGDM had lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), p = .02, and higher triglycerides, p < or = .001, versus controls. The combination of high triglycerides and low HDL-c occurred in 25% of hGDM cases versus 0% of controls, p </= .01. Two-hour post-load glucose indicated that 45% of hGDM cases were pre-diabetic versus 20% of controls, p < or = .05. Non-diabetic women with a distant hGDM are at increased risk for DM and may be at increased risk for CHD.
Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): A Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group-based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention-to-treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: -0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI -0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference -0.95 kg, 95% CI -1.87, -0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); -2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI -3.01, -1.42) compared with -1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI -2.52, -0.96) (change difference -0.50 cm, 95% CI -1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and +0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with +0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference -0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow-up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Although a 1-kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000338066.
Association of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio with preterm necrotizing enterocolitis: a retrospective case-control study.; BACKGROUND: There have been few studies on the relationship between the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). We conducted a retrospective case-control study to investigate this relationship in preterm neonates. METHODS: A total of 199 preterm neonates diagnosed with NEC between January 2018 and January 2020 were included in this study. For each preterm infant with NEC that was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), controls were preterm neonates (matched for gestation and year of birth) who were not diagnosed with NEC. Exclusion criteria were post-maturity, small or large for gestational age (week of pregnancy), congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify the association between NLR and preterm NEC. RESULTS: This study included 93 preterm neonates with NEC and 106 matched controls. There were no significant differences in gestational age (GA), birth weight (BW), age, sex, vaginal delivery (VD), chorioamnionitis (CA), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between the groups. Compared with the control group, the lower and higher NLR levels in the NEC group were statistically different. Following univariate analysis, NLR was a risk factor for NEC (odds ratio [OR], 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00-1.90; P = 0.042), and according to multivariate analysis, risk factors for NEC were NLR ≥ 3.20 and NLR < 1.60, within 1 week before NEC diagnosis. Thus, NLR values of ≥ 1.60 and < 3.20 were determined as the predictive cut-off values for protecting preterm infants from NEC (Model I: OR, 0.20; 95% CI, 0.10-0.40; P < 0.001) and (Model II: OR, 0.10; 95% CI, 0.00-0.40; P < 0.001]. CONCLUSIONS: NLR ≥ 1.60 and NLR < 3.20 were associated with a decreased risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Speckle tracking and myocardial tissue imaging in infant of diabetic mother with gestational and pregestational diabetes.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the myocardial changes in infants of diabetic mother either with gestational or pregestational diabetes and its relation to maternal diabetic control. The study included 45 infants of diabetic mother (IDMs) and 45 healthy newborn as a control group. IDMs were then categorized into 2 subgroups: twenty infants of mother with pregestational diabetes and twenty-five infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. The studied groups underwent measurement of the maternal and neonatal glycated Hb % (HbA1c), conventional echocardiography, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging (STI). The weight, the rate of complications, and the rate of cesarean section were significantly higher in the IDMs group than in the control group. Significant positive correlation was present between the levels of HbA1c of IDMs and HbA1c of their mothers (P < 0.05). A significant deterioration of both systolic and diastolic functions measured by both conventional echocardiography and TDI was present in IDMs with both pre-gestational and gestational diabetes compared with the control group. Also, the septal/posterior wall ratio (SW/PW) was significantly higher in pregestational (1.86 ± 0.3) and gestational (2 ± 0.4) groups than in the control group (1 ± 0.06). Two-dimensional STI showed that the cardiac torsion was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (9.66 ± 2.5) and gestational (8.66 ± 3.9) groups when compared with the control group (5.4 ± 2.4) [P < 0.0001]. It also showed that the global strain was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (-10.4 ± 3.2) and gestational (-13.1 ± 4.7) groups when compared with the control group (-19 ± 2) [P < 0.0001]. However, no significant differences were present among the two patients' subgroups in echocardiographic data except for a significant decrease of E'/A' ratio and S wave at tricuspid annulus derived by TDI and impaired global strain derived by STI in infants of mothers with pre-gestational DM than those with gestational DM [P = 0.02]. SW/PW and cardiac torsion were significantly higher in infant of diabetic mother than the normal newborn and on the contrary systolic function and global strain were significantly lower in IDMs especially in infants of mother with pre-gestational diabetes. All the previous TDI findings did not show any significant correlation to neither maternal nor fetal HbA1c. Also, there was no significant correlation between cardiac torsion and the rest of TDI data neither in IDMs group nor in the control group. TDI and two-dimensional STI were efficient and sensitive tools able to early detect cardiac dysfunction in IDMs even in the absence of morphologic cardiac changes.
Plasma cell membrane glycoprotein 1 (PC-1): a marker of insulin resistance in obesity, uremia and diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is a characteristic feature of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, but it is also present in up to 25% of healthy nonobese individuals. The molecular mechanisms causing insulin resistance are not yet fully understood. Recently, overexpression of several potential inhibitors of the insulin receptor tyrosine-kinase activity, a key step in insulin signaling, has been described in insulin-resistant subjects . PC-1 is expressed in many tissues and inhibits insulin signaling either at the level of the insulin receptor or downstream at a postreceptor site. An elevated PC-1 content in insulin target tissues may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. A polymorphism in PC-1 has been demonstrated to be associated with insulin resistance. This was a DNA polymorphism in exon 4 that causes an amino acid change from lysine to glutamine at codon 121 (K121Q). PC-1 121Q allele might predispose independently of other well established risk factors for early myocardial infarction. Testing for the PC-1 K121Q polymorphism might be valuable in patients with a family history of atherosclerotic vascular disease and myocardial infarction. There is growing evidence that genetic factors play an important role in the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Efforts to identify these factors rely primarily on the candidate gene approach; candidate genes for insulin resistance may be considered candidates for DN as well. In a stratified analysis according to duration of diabetes, the risk of early-onset end-stage renal disease (ESRD) for carriers of the Q variant was 2.3 times that for noncarriers. The cellular mechanisms for the insulin resistance of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are unknown. Women with GDM have an increased PC-1 content and excessive phosphorylation of serine/threonine residues in muscle insulin receptors. The postreceptor defects in insulin signaling may contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM and the increased risk for type 2 diabetes later in life. Although widely explored, the true cause of insulin resistance in uremic patients is not entirely elucidated yet. During the last decade it was found that erythropoietin (EPO) therapy, used for correction of anemia in patients with end stage renal failure, ameliorates insulin resistance. An increased lymphocyte PC-1 activity over control was found in hemodialysis patients. A two-month EPO therapy significantly decreased PC-1 activity to the control values, suggesting that an effect on PC-1 expression could be implicated in the amelioration of insulin resistance in uremic patients treated with EPO. Current investigations implicate that therapeutic modification of PC-1 expression would be of great benefit for insulin-resistant type 2 diabetics. Metformin, a biguanide oral antidiabetic agent, was shown to affect insulin resistance by decreasing enzymatic activity of overexpressed PC-1 molecules in obese type 2 diabetics. Thiazolidinedione (TZD) insulin-sensitizing drugs are a class of compounds that improve insulin action in vivo. Treatment of patients with TZDs seems to have a beneficial effect on most, if not all, components of metabolic syndrome. TZDs have also been used in the treatment of nondiabetic human insulin-resistant states, and have demonstrated an improvement in insulin sensitivity. Although much remains to be learned about PPAR gamma receptor and TZD action, the advent of TZD insulin-sensitizing agents has an enormous impact on our understanding of insulin resistance. The great potential of insulin resistance therapy illuminated by the TZDs will continue to catalyze research in this area directed toward the discovery of new insulin-sensitizing agents that work through other mechanisms.
Risk factors and pregnancy outcome in women aged over 40 years at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra, Ghana.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women aged 40 years and older at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, Ghana. METHODS: A descriptive case-control study comparing women aged 40 years and older at the time of delivery with those between 20 and 34 who delivered at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital between April 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires and supplemented with information from patients' medical records. A multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio and the 95% confidence interval of various risk factors and complications associated with delivery in women aged 40 years or older. Statistical significance was set at P<0.05. RESULTS: There were 339 women in the study of which 113 were aged 40 years or older and 226 were aged between 20 and 34 years. Delivery at age 40 years or older was associated with grand multiparity, and unplanned and undesirable pregnancy. There was a higher incidence of gestational diabetes (7.1% vs 2.2%, P=0.036), cesarean delivery (70.1% vs 57.1%, P=0.018), and venous thromboembolism (VTE) (7.1% vs 1.3%, P=0.008) among women older than 40 years. VTE risk was increased sixfold in the women older than 40 years compared with the younger ones. CONCLUSION: Women delivering after age 40 years had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, and VTE compared with younger women. VTE risk increased sixfold in the older women.
Health Care-Related Economic Burden of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in the United States: Pregnancy-Related and Long-Term Health Consequences.; CONTEXT: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women, affecting approximately 5% to 20% of women of reproductive age. The economic burden of PCOS was previously estimated at approximately $3.7 billion annually in 2020 USD when considering only the costs of the initial diagnosis and of reproductive endocrine morbidities, without considering the costs of pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to estimate the excess prevalence and economic burden of pregnancy-related and long-term health morbidities attributable to PCOS. METHODS: PubMed, EmBase, and Cochrane Library were searched, and studies were selected in which the diagnosis of PCOS was consistent with the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health, or Androgen Excess and PCOS Society criteria, or that used electronic medical record diagnosis codes, or diagnosis based on histopathologic sampling. Studies that included an outcome of interest and a control group of non-PCOS patients who were matched or controlled for body mass index were included. Two investigators working independently extracted data on study characteristics and outcomes. Data were pooled using random effects meta-analysis. The I2 statistic was used to assess inter-study heterogeneity. The quality of selected studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. RESULTS: The additional total healthcare-related economic burden of PCOS due to pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities in the United States is estimated to be $4.3 billion annually in 2020 USD. CONCLUSION: Together with our prior analysis, the economic burden of PCOS is estimated at $8 billion annually in 2020 USD.
Maternal and offspring outcomes in women with intellectual and developmental disabilities: a population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the risks for adverse maternal and offspring outcomes in women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING: Ontario, Canada. POPULATION: Singleton obstetrical deliveries to 18- to 49-year-old women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities (n = 3932 in the exposed cohort, n = 382 774 in the unexposed cohort; 2002-2011 fiscal years). METHODS: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities were identified based on diagnoses in health administrative data or receipt of disability income support. The unexposed cohort comprised women without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Modified Poisson regression was used to compute adjusted relative risks (aRR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing the two cohorts. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary maternal outcomes were: gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary offspring outcomes were: preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. RESULTS: The exposed cohort, compared with the unexposed cohort, had increased risks for pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.47, 95% CI 1.11-1.93) and venous thromboembolism (aRR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17-2.19). Their offspring had increased risks for preterm birth (aRR 1.63, 95% CI 1.47-1.80) and small for gestational age (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.25-1.45). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that there is a need to address modifiable risk factors for adverse outcomes among women with intellectual and developmental disabilities prior to and during pregnancy. Moreover, there is a need to enhance monitoring for maternal and offspring complications in this population. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Large cohort study: intellectual and developmental disabilities predispose women/babies to adverse outcomes.
The role of optimum diabetes care in form of Ramadan focused diabetes education, flash glucose monitoring system and pre-Ramadan dose adjustments in the safety of Ramadan fasting in high risk patients with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Physiology of intermittent and prolonged fasting is known from healthy subjects. Evidence on high and very high-risk groups is lacking. The anticipated risks include hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, dehydration and thrombosis. Education, pre-Ramadan doses adjustment, and glucose monitoring devices (Optimum diabetes care in Ramadan) is expected to lower this risk. AIMS: We aimed to assess the value of optimum care in diabetes management during Ramadan on the metabolic parameters of high risk patients with diabetes. Moreover, we wanted to assess and understand the safety of fasting in this group. METHODS: This is a prospective interventional study. Patient with high-risk diabetes who insisted on fasting. High risk patients defined as any one with type 1 or type 2 diabetes on insulin, Gestational diabetes, stage 3 kidney disease, and having history of ischemic heart disease. All patients received a Freestyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring device, and was offered to attend the clinic at any time during the study, this collectively defined as optimum diabetes care during Ramadan. Biometric (Weight, height, Blood pressure) and biochemical (Glycosylated hemoglobin A, Lipids profile, creatinine, and estimated glomerular filtration rate) were reported within 4-6 weeks before and after Ramadan. RESULTS: Total of 169 patients were. Majority were females 54.4% (n = 92). There was a remarkable improvement in glycemic control from 7.6 + 1.2 to 7.3 + 1.2 percent (p = 0.00). Serum creatinine showed a negligible change at the end of the study from 0.81 + 0.3 to 0.82 + 0.2 mg/dl). Only total cholesterol worsened significantly (p = 0.02).
Cardiovascular health and cancer risk associated with plant based diets: An umbrella review.; CONTEXT: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and cancer are the two main leading causes of death and disability worldwide. Suboptimal diet, poor in vegetables, fruits, legumes and whole grain, and rich in processed and red meat, refined grains, and added sugars, is a primary modifiable risk factor. Based on health, economic and ethical concerns, plant-based diets have progressively widespread worldwide. OBJECTIVE: This umbrella review aims at assessing the impact of animal-free and animal-products-free diets (A/APFDs) on the risk factors associated with the development of cardiometabolic diseases, cancer and their related mortalities. DATA SOURCES: PubMed and Scopus were searched for reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses published from 1st January 2000 to 31st June 2023, written in English and involving human subjects of all ages. Primary studies and reviews/meta-analyses based on interventional trials which used A/APFDs as a therapy for people with metabolic diseases were excluded. DATA EXTRACTION: The umbrella review approach was applied for data extraction and analysis. The revised AMSTAR-R 11-item tool was applied to assess the quality of reviews/meta-analyses. RESULTS: Overall, vegetarian and vegan diets are significantly associated with better lipid profile, glycemic control, body weight/BMI, inflammation, and lower risk of ischemic heart disease and cancer. Vegetarian diet is also associated with lower mortality from CVDs. On the other hand, no difference in the risk of developing gestational diabetes and hypertension were reported in pregnant women following vegetarian diets. Study quality was average. A key limitation is represented by the high heterogeneity of the study population in terms of sample size, demography, geographical origin, dietary patterns, and other lifestyle confounders. CONCLUSIONS: Plant-based diets appear beneficial in reducing cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as CVDs, cancer risk and mortality. However, caution should be paid before broadly suggesting the adoption of A/AFPDs since the strength-of-evidence of study results is significantly limited by the large study heterogeneity alongside the potential risks associated with potentially restrictive regimens.
Altered diastolic function in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes: no relation to macrosomia.; In a previous study, asymptomatic infants of mothers with gestational diabetes (IGDMs) were observed to have altered left ventricular (LV) filling. In the present study, we reanalyzed the data to examine whether the observed abnormalities were related to maternal diabetes or due to the greater preponderance of macrosomic infants (32%) in the gestational diabetes group. No echocardiographic (systolic or diastolic) differences were observed when the data were compared in 16 large-for-gestational-age (LGA) and 24 appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants among IGDM. Comparison of 16 LGA IGDM and 17 LGA infants of control mothers revealed lower LV size during diastole and systole in the IGDM. The present analysis suggests that the cardiac alterations in the IGDMs are not due to the preponderance of macrosomia but, rather, the consequence of altered in utero metabolic environment.
Incidence and risk factors of venous thromboembolism during postpartum period: a population-based cohort-study.; INTRODUCTION: The awareness of the incidence and timing of postpartum venous thromboembolic events guides the use of thromboprophylaxis. Our aims were to assess the incidence and mortality of venous thromboembolic events and identify its associated risk factors during different postpartum periods. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A population-based controlled cohort study by combining four large registers in 2001-2011. All women with a recent delivery were identified. The incidence, risk factors and mortality of venous thromboembolic events 0-180 days after delivery were assessed by using all healthy delivered women as the control group. The incidence was compared with that of the nonpregnant women. RESULTS: Among the 634 292 delivered women, 1169 had venous thromboembolic events 0-180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was highest during the first week postpartum: 37-fold compared with nonpregnant women, declining to two-fold immediately after that. Almost half of the venous thromboembolic events occurred between 43 and 180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was four-fold compared with that of nonpregnant women. Three venous thromboembolic events-related deaths occurred. Older age, higher body mass index, thrombophilia, multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes, anemia, chorioamnionitis, threatening premature birth, in vitro fertilization with ovarian hyperstimulation, primiparity, cesarean section, cardiac/renal diseases, and varicose veins were associated with an increased risk for postpartum venous thromboembolic events. The risk remained elevated for 180 days in women with thrombophilia, cesarean section, multiple pregnancy, varicose veins, and cardiac disease. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of venous thromboembolic events remained elevated compared with that of the nonpregnant women after the usually defined postpartum period (6 weeks). The results might assist in selecting women in need of thromboprophylaxis.
Home management by remote self-monitoring in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies: A retrospective study of 400 consecutive women.; INTRODUCTION: Home management in general is considered to improve patient well-being, patient involvement and cost-effectiveness, for obstetric patients as well. But concerns regarding inclusion of intermediate- and high-risk pregnant women are an issue and a limitation for clinical implementation. This retrospective study evaluated the outcome and safety of extended remote self-monitoring of maternal and fetal health in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study reports on 400 singleton pregnancies complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, high-risk of preeclampsia, or a history of previous fetal or neonatal loss. Remote self-monitoring was performed by pregnant women and included C-reactive protein, non-stress test by cardiotocography, temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, and a questionnaire concerning maternal and fetal wellbeing. Data were transferred to the hospital using a mobile device platform and evaluated by healthcare professionals. In case of non-reassuring registrations, the pregnant women were invited for assessment at the hospital. Primary outcome was perinatal death. Secondary outcomes were other maternal and perinatal complications. RESULTS: No severe maternal complications were observed. Nine fetal or neonatal deaths occurred, all secondary to malformations, severe fetal growth restriction, extreme prematurity or lung hypoplasia in cases of PPROM before 24 weeks. Even in the latter group, fetal and neonatal survival was 78% (18/23) and rose to 97% (60/62) when PPROM occurred after a gestational age 23+6 weeks. None of the fetal or neonatal deaths were attributable to the home-management setting. CONCLUSIONS: Home-monitoring including remote self-monitoring of fetal and maternal well-being in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies seems to be a safe alternative to inpatient or frequent outpatient care, which sets the stage for a new way of thinking of hospital care. The implementation process included staff training workshops and development of patient enrollment practice with clarification of expectations and responsibilities, which can be crucial to the results.
Pregnancy, Reproductive Factors, and Female Heart Failure Risk and Outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of recent evidence on female-specific risk factors related to reproductive status or pregnancy. RECENT FINDINGS: Pregnancy-related factors, including hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes, increase the risk of heart failure in women, while breastfeeding and hormone therapy may offer protection. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, placental abruption, younger maternal age at first live birth, younger maternal age at last live birth, number of stillbirths, number of pregnancies, onset of menstruation before 12 years of age, shorter reproductive age, ovariectomy, and prolonged absence of ovarian hormones may increase the risk of heart failure in women. Conversely, breastfeeding status and hormone therapy (for menopause or contraception) may serve as protective factors, while fertility treatments have no discernible effect on the risk of heart failure.
Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as vascular risk signals: an overview and grading of the evidence.; The occurrence of common pregnancy-related medical disorders identifies women at high risk of developing future vascular disease. Systematic reviews of cohort studies demonstrate that gestational diabetes confers a 7-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia confers a 1.8-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes and 3.4-fold risk increase for hypertension. Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increase the risk of premature vascular disease, but the 2-fold risk increase associated with preeclampsia is only partially explained by the development of traditional vascular risk factors. Despite the compelling evidence for gestational diabetes and HDP as vascular risk indicators, there are no published Canadian vascular prevention guidelines that recognize these postpartum women. In contrast, the 2011 American Heart Association guidelines on cardiovascular disease in women include gestational diabetes and HDP in their vascular risk assessment. Studies indicate that the importance surveillance of vascular risk factors in these women after pregnancy is underappreciated by the women themselves and their physicians. Although a prudent diet and physically active lifestyle were demonstrated to reduce diabetes risk in women with a gestational diabetes history in the American Diabetes Prevention Program trial, adoption of these health behaviours is low; qualitative studies confirm a need for tailored strategies that address barriers and provide social support. Further research is also needed on approaches to reduce vascular risk in women with a history of gestational diabetes and HDP. Otherwise, an early window of opportunity for chronic disease prevention in young, high-risk women will be missed.
Putative role of adhesion molecules in metabolic disorders.; Diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of premature vascular disease. Vascular research is focusing on a potential role of adhesion molecules in diabetes mellitus, since classical risk factors including hyperlipidemia and hypertension do not completely account for the increased incidence of atherosclerosis in diabetes. After the expression of adhesion molecules on the cell surface, they are shed into plasma. Thus plasma concentrations of circulating adhesion molecules may be representative for endothelial activation, damage or turnover. Recently, evidence has been accumulating that increased plasma levels of adhesion molecules may predict cardiovascular disease, may be pathognomonic for diabetic microangiopathy or may even play a functional pathophysiologic role. The purpose of this article is to briefly summarise the role of (circulating) adhesion molecules in diabetes mellitus.
Obesity in pregnancy: risks and management.; Maternal obesity is now considered one of the most commonly occurring risk factors seen in obstetric practice. Compared with women with a healthy pre-pregnancy weight, women with obesity are at increased risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, induced labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic complications and wound infections, and they are less likely to initiate or maintain breastfeeding. Babies of obese mothers are at increased risk of stillbirth, congenital anomalies, prematurity, macrosomia and neonatal death. Intrauterine exposure to obesity is also associated with an increased risk of developing obesity and metabolic disorders in childhood. This article reviews the prevalence of obesity in pregnancy and the associated maternal and fetal complications. Recommendations and suggestions for pre-conception, antenatal and postnatal care of women with obesity are presented, and current research in the UK and future research priorities are considered.
Long-term Outcomes Associated With Post-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications.; BACKGROUND: Kidney donors have increased risk of postdonation gestational hypertension (gHTN) and preeclampsia. In the general population, pregnancy complications are associated with long-term maternal risk. However, little data exist on whether donors with postdonation pregnancy-related complications have similar increased long-term risks. We studied whether postdonation gHTN, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or gestational diabetes (gDM) was associated with increased risk of developing hypertension, DM, cardiovascular disease, or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 . METHODS: Postdonation pregnancies with complications were matched to pregnancies without complications based on time from donation. Incidence of outcomes was compared using sequential Cox regression with robust standard errors. Donors with predonation pregnancy complications were excluded. Models were adjusted for age at pregnancy, gravidity, year of donation, and family history of hypertension, DM, and heart disease. RESULTS: Of the 384 donors with postdonation pregnancies (median [quartiles] follow-up of 27.0 [14.2-36.2] y after donation), 39 experienced preeclampsia/eclampsia, 29 gHTN without preeclampsia, and 17 gDM. Median interval from donation to first pregnancy with preeclampsia was 5.1 (2.9-8.6) y; for gHTN, 3.7 (1.9-7.8) y; and for gDM, 7.3 (3.7-10.3) y. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 2.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-4.77) and gHTN (HR 2.39; 95% CI, 1.24-4.60) were associated with development of hypertension. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (HR 2.15; 95% CI, 1.11-4.16) and gDM (HR 5.60; 95% CI, 1.41-22.15) were associated with development of DM. Pregnancy-related complications were not associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 . CONCLUSIONS: In our single-center study, postdonation preeclampsia, gHTN, or gDM was associated with long-term risk of hypertension or DM.
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans.; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor.
Exercise fails to improve postprandial glycemic excursion in women with gestational diabetes.; The effect of an acute period of moderate intensity exercise on maternal glycemic excursion following a mixed nutrient meal was studied. Five normal (NL) and six gestational diabetic (GDM) subjects were enrolled. A randomized crossover design was used to compare fasting glucose and insulin levels, peak glucose and insulin levels and incremental area of the glycemic and insulin curves following a mixed nutrient meal with or without an exercise stress that took place 14 h earlier. Exercise consisted of upright stationary cycling for 30 min at a heart rate consistent with 60% VO2max. The clinical characteristics of normal and gestational diabetic subjects were comparable. Mean values (+/-SEM) with, versus without, exercise for fasting glucose (NL: 78.9 +/- 2.6 vs. 80.0 +/- 2.6 mg/dl; GDM: 86.4 +/- 2.0 vs. 82.1 +/- 3.5 mg/ dl), peak glucose (NL: 132.3 +/- 10.4 vs. 139.1 +/- 15.6 mg/dl; GDM: 165.8 +/- 5.5 vs. 160.3 +/- 7.8 mg/dl), the area under the glycemic curve (NL: 5758 +/- 1038 vs. 6393 +/- 1281 mg/dl.min; GDM: 8,178 +/- 890 vs. 8,331 +/- 563 mg/dl.min) did not differ. Similarly, plasma insulin levels did not differ between protocols for either group of subjects. Exercise has been proposed as a treatment to reduce glycemia in gestational diabetes. Results from this study indicate a single bout of exercise did not blunt the glycemic response observed following a mixed nutrient meal.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future maternal cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. Although traditional risk factors increase later-life CVD, pregnancy-associated complications additionally influence future CVD risk in women. Recent guidelines for the prevention of CVD in women have added adverse pregnancy outcomes as major CVD risk factors. Studies have shown that women with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant have an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors and subsequent CVD. A history of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes further increases this risk. It has been suggested that these pregnancy complications may unmask preexisting elevated CVD risk; however, whether the pathophysiologic changes underlying these conditions directly result in long-term cardiovascular damage is unclear. The purpose of this review was to highlight the associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and future CVD, and to emphasize the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing a woman's CVD risk. Targeted efforts to initiate screening and risk-reduction strategies in women with prior history of pregnancy complications, particularly lifestyle modification, may help decrease the burden of CVD in women.
The value of urine screening for glucose at each prenatal visit.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether chemical (dipstick) urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit predicts gestational outcomes such as gestational diabetes, abruptio placentae, preterm delivery, fetal heart rate abnormality, cesarean delivery for dystocia, fetal macrosomia, and shoulder dystocia. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated each of the 3217 women who were delivered at St. Joseph's Hospital between July 1, 1990, and September 1, 1993, and who had received all prenatal care at Marshfield Clinic. Study subjects had complete urinalyses at the first prenatal visit, blood glucose diabetes screening at 24-28 weeks, and dipstick urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit. Women were excluded because of preexisting diabetes, multiple gestation, glucosuria at the first prenatal visit, or failure to complete the recommended blood screening at 24-28 weeks. The remaining 2965 women were grouped according to whether their dipstick urine tests were positive for glucose. Then the two groups were compared with regard to relevant pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: Women with glucosuria in the first two trimesters had a significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (12.8 versus 2.9%, P = .003). For women without evidence of gestational diabetes, there were no clinically important differences in the measured pregnancy outcomes between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Routine dipstick urinalysis for glucose can identify gravidas at increased risk for gestational diabetes, possibly allowing certain women with gestational diabetes to be diagnosed earlier than 24-28 weeks. However, most glucosuria testing is performed after a patient has completed routine blood screening for gestational diabetes. This third-trimester testing is not predictive of any clinically important pregnancy outcome.
Hormonal choices after gestational diabetes. Subsequent pregnancy, contraception, and hormone replacement.; The effects of subsequent states of excess hormone exposure, for example, subsequent pregnancy, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy, on the development of diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes were assessed. Current literature examining the effect of parity, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy in healthy women and women with previous gestational diabetes and current diabetes was reviewed. Subsequent pregnancy in women with prior GDM appears to triple the risk of subsequent diabetes. Low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives do not appear to clinically increase the risk of diabetes. Hormonal replacement therapy appears to provide the greatest reduction in coronary artery disease to women at greatest risk, i.e., those who have developed diabetes. Careful follow-up and metabolic surveillance should be provided when prescribing hormonal contraception or replacement therapy. In women with prior gestational diabetes, exposure to repeat pregnancy poses a greater risk for subsequent diabetes than does either an exposure to low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives or to postmenopausal hormonal therapy, both of which do not appear to increase the risk of diabetes.
Mothers with HIP - The short term and long-term impact, what is new?; Hyperglycemia is one of the most common medical conditions that women encounter during pregnancy and it is due to gestational diabetes (GDM) in the majority of cases (International Diabetes Federation, 2015) [1]. GDM is associated with a higher incidence of maternal morbidity in pregnancy in term of hypertensive disorders/preclampsia and higher rate of cesarean delivery but also with long-term risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy can therefore be considered a stress test; diagnosis of HIP can unmask a preexisting susceptibility and consequently a future risk for type 2 diabetes and can be a useful marker of future cardiovascular risk. Postpartum follow up provides an excellent opportunity to implement healthy lifestyle behaviors to prevent or delay the development of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The aim of the current review is to focus on short and long term maternal morbidity of HIP.
Machine learning and disease prediction in obstetrics.; Machine learning technologies and translation of artificial intelligence tools to enhance the patient experience are changing obstetric and maternity care. An increasing number of predictive tools have been developed with data sourced from electronic health records, diagnostic imaging and digital devices. In this review, we explore the latest tools of machine learning, the algorithms to establish prediction models and the challenges to assess fetal well-being, predict and diagnose obstetric diseases such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth and fetal growth restriction. We discuss the rapid growth of machine learning approaches and intelligent tools for automated diagnostic imaging of fetal anomalies and to asses fetoplacental and cervix function using ultrasound and magnetic resonance imaging. In prenatal diagnosis, we discuss intelligent tools for magnetic resonance imaging sequencing of the fetus, placenta and cervix to reduce the risk of preterm birth. Finally, the use of machine learning to improve safety standards in intrapartum care and early detection of complications will be discussed. The demand for technologies to enhance diagnosis and treatment in obstetrics and maternity should improve frameworks for patient safety and enhance clinical practice.
Primary care management post gestational diabetes in Australia.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) have a high risk of developing diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD). AIM: To assess whether diabetes screening and CVD risk screening occurred in general practice (GP) among postpartum women with GD. METHODS: This is a retrospective study of clinical record data of women with GD, under active GP management, from the MedicineInsight programme, run by Australia's National Prescribing Service MedicineWise, with GP sites located in Australia from January 2015 to March 2021. Documentation of screening for diabetes, assessment of lipids and measurement of blood pressure (BP) was assessed using proportions and mixed-effects logistic regression with a log follow-up time offset. RESULTS: There were 10 413 women, with a mean age of 37.9 years (standard deviation, 7.6), from 406 clinics with a mean follow-up of 4.6 years (interquartile range, 1.8-6.2 years) A total of 29.41% (3062/10 413; 95% confidence interval [CI], 28.53-30.28) had not been assessed for diabetes, 37.40% (3894/10 413; 95% CI, 36.47-38.32) were not assessed for lipids and 2.19% (228/10 413; 95% CI, 1.91-2.47) had no BP documented. In total, 51.82% (5396/10 413; 95% CI, 50.86-52.78) were screened for all three (diabetes + lipids + BP) at least once. Obesity, comorbidities and dyslipidaemia were associated with increased likelihood of screening. New diabetes diagnosis was documented in 5.73% (597/10 413; 95% CI, 5.29-6.18) of the cohort. CONCLUSION: Screening for diabetes and hyperlipidaemia was suboptimal in this high-risk cohort of women with prior GD. Improved messaging that women with a GD diagnosis are at high cardiovascular risk may improve subsequent screening.
Pregnancy Following Heart Transplantation: A Single Centre Case Series and Review of the Literature.; BACKGROUND: Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy amongst cardiac transplant recipients are limited in the current literature. METHODS: We describe five pregnancies in three cardiac transplant recipients managed between a tertiary centre for obstetric medicine and an associated state-wide transplant centre between 2014-2018, and provide a narrative review of the literature. RESULTS: Pre-conception counselling was undertaken. There were no recent rejection episodes and all women demonstrated good baseline cardiac function. Median maternal age was 27 years (range 23-38 yrs.). Median time from transplantation to pregnancy was 5 years (range 2-14 yrs.). All women were managed with modified immunosuppressant regimens and multidisciplinary care. Cardiac function, tacrolimus levels and renal function were closely monitored with frequent monitoring for common complications of pregnancy. There were no maternal or fetal deaths. There was no evidence of graft rejection and no deterioration in cardiac function. Tacrolimus doses were increased to maintain therapeutic targets. Gestational diabetes occurred in three women and cholestasis of pregnancy occurred in one. Each infant was delivered by vaginal delivery. One mother had postpartum haemorrhage in both pregnancies. Pre-eclampsia did not occur. Median gestation at delivery was 37 weeks (range 35(+4)-40(+5) days) with two preterm deliveries. One (1) infant was born with low birth weight. One (1) infant had jaundice requiring phototherapy. All infants were breastfed. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy in transplant recipients confers risk to the mother and fetus. Pre-conception counselling, immunosuppressant tailoring and regular monitoring are paramount to avoid rejection and possible teratogenic complications. Favourable pregnancy outcomes are achievable with specialist multidisciplinary care.
CLINICAL AND ECHOCARDIOGRAPHIC FINDINGS IN NEWBORNS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS.; The aim of the study was to assess the use of echocardiographic measurements in newborns of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality in pregnancy and in perinatal period. Thirty-five newborns of diabetic mothers (pre- gestational or gestational diabetes; case group) and thirty-five controls (control group), born between January 2009 and December 2012 in Cluj-Napoca (north-west of Romania), were included in this study. A Logiq e ultrasound with an 8 MHz transducer was used to measure echocardiographic parameters. The interventricular septal thickness in case group was higher as compared with control group (at end systole = 6.61 ± 1.64 mm vs. 5.75 ± 0.95 mm, p = 0.0371; at end diastole = 4.61 ± 1.59 mm vs. 3.42 ± 0.70 mm, p = 0.0001). A risk ratio of 2.333 (0.656, 8.298) was obtained for septal hypertrophy. A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was identified in the newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to the newborns of pregestational diabetes mothers (p = 0.0058). The mean birth weight was significantly higher in newborns of diabetic mothers (3695.57 ± 738.63) as compared with controls (3276.14 ± 496.51; p = 0.0071). Infants born to mothers with diabetes proved to be at a high risk of septal hypertrophy.
Characteristics, Physiopathology and Management of Dyslipidemias in Pregnancy: A Narrative Review.; Dyslipidemia is a significant risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). During pregnancy, physiological changes elevate cholesterol and triglyceride levels to support fetal development, which can exacerbate pre-existing conditions and lead to complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and increased ASCVD risk for both mother and child. Effective management strategies are necessary, especially for pregnant women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia (i.e., familial hypertriglyceridemia, hyperchylomicronemia), where personalized dietary adjustments are crucial for successful pregnancy outcomes. Pharmacological interventions and lipoprotein apheresis may be necessary for severe cases, though their use is often limited by factors such as cost, availability, and potential fetal risks. Despite the promise of advanced therapies, their widespread application remains constrained by limited studies and high costs. Thus, a personalized, multidisciplinary approach is essential for optimizing outcomes. This review provides a comprehensive overview of current strategies and evidence-based practices for managing dyslipidemia during pregnancy, emphasizing the balance of maternal and fetal health. Additionally, it discusses the physiological changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy and their implications, particularly for women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia.
Adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes is a metabolic disorder affecting 2-5% of women and is a predictor of obesity, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance, a characteristic of gestational diabetes and obesity, is correlated with the fatty acids profile of the red cell and skeletal muscle membranes. We investigated the plasma and red cell fatty acid status of gestational diabetes. The effect of obesity on membrane fatty acids was also examined. METHODS: Fasting blood obtained at diagnosis was analysed for the fatty acids in plasma choline phosphoglycerides and red cell choline and ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. RESULTS: There were reductions in arachidonic acid (controls 10.74+/-2.35 vs gestational diabetes 8.35+/-3.49, p<0.01) and docosahexaenoic acid (controls 6.31+/-2.67 vs gestational diabetes 3.25+/-2.00, p<0.0001) in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides in gestational diabetes. A similar pattern was found in the ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Moreover, the arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids depletion in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides was much greater in overweight/obese gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid=7.49+/-3.37, docosahexaenoic acid=2.98+/-2.18, p<0.01) compared with lean gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid=10.03+/-2.74, docosahexaenoic acid=4.18+/-1.42). CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Apparently normal plasma choline phosphoglycerides fatty acids profile in the gestational diabetic women suggested that membrane lipid abnormality is associated specifically with perturbation in the membrane. The fact that the lipid abnormality is more pronounced in the outer leaflet of the membrane where most of receptor binding and enzyme activities take place might provide an explanation for the increased insulin resistance in gestational diabetes and obesity.
Feasibility and Utility of a Cardiovascular Risk Screening Tool in Women Undergoing Routine Gynecology Evaluation.; BACKGROUND: The goals of this multicenter survey were to examine the prevalence and patient awareness of cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO—including gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia) and prevalence of cardiovascular risks among women presenting to outpatient obstetrics/gynecology (OB/GYN) clinics. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We surveyed 2,946 female patients attending 16 outpatient OB/GYN clinics across the United States between January 2010 and January 2012. Main outcome measures were self-reported cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms such as angina and dyspnea. RESULTS: Mean age of the patients was 51 ± 13.6 years. Cardiovascular risks and symptoms were highly prevalent (86.0% and 40.1%, respectively). Many patients did not know if they had common risk factors such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or diabetes (18.4%, 32.0%, and 17.9%, respectively). Women with a history of APO were slightly more likely to be aware of common risk factors, including abnormal blood pressure (17% vs. 18.6%), high cholesterol (31.7% vs. 32%), and obesity/elevated body mass index (43.9% vs. 49.7%). Compared with patients with no history of APO, patients with APO (n = 380, 12.9%) were more likely to have risk factors (89.5% vs. 83.9%, p = 0.002) and symptoms (45.5% vs. 39.3%, p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Awareness of cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms among all women surveyed in this study was poor, although awareness for some risk factors was relatively higher among patients with APO. This study demonstrates the feasibility of cardiovascular assessment in OB/GYN clinics using a simple questionnaire and its potential role for early recognition and timely intervention.
Do maternal haemodynamics have a causal influence on treatment for gestational diabetes?; BACKGROUND: Arterial stiffening is believed to contribute to the worsening of insulin resistance, and factors which are associated with needing pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM), such as maternal obesity or advanced age, are associated with impaired cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy. In this observational study, we aimed to investigate causal relationships between maternal haemodynamics and treatment requirement amongst women with GDM. METHODS: We assessed maternal haemodynamics in women with GDM, comparing those who remained on dietary treatment with those who required pharmacological management. Maternal haemodynamics were assessed using the Arteriograph® (TensioMed Ltd, Budapest, Hungary) and the NICOM® non-invasive bio-reactance method (Cheetah Medical, Portland, Oregon, USA). A graphical causal inference technique was used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: 120 women with GDM were included in the analysis. Maternal booking BMI was identified as having a causative influence on treatment requirement, with each unit increase in BMI increasing the odds of needing metformin and/or insulin therapy by 12% [OR 1.12 (1.02 - 1.22)]. The raw values of maternal heart rate (87.6 ± 11.7 vs. 92.9 ± 11.90 bpm, p = 0.014) and PWV (7.8 ± 1.04 vs. 8.4 ± 1.61 m/s, p = 0.029) were both significantly higher amongst the women requiring pharmacological management, though these relationships did not remain significant in causal logistic regression. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal BMI at booking has a causal, rather than simply associational, relationship on the need for pharmacological treatment of GDM. No significant causal relationships were found between maternal haemodynamics and the need for pharmacological treatment.
Nucleated red blood cells in healthy infants of women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) counts are elevated in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants of women with gestational diabetes compared with appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants of women with or without gestational diabetes. METHODS: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts during the first 12 hours of life in three groups of term, vaginally delivered infants, LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), and AGA infants of nondiabetic women (n = 30). We excluded infants of women with hypertension, smoking, alcohol or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities in labor, low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: There were no significant differences among groups in gestational age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, and lymphocyte counts. Corrected white blood cell counts and hematocrit were significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes than in the other groups. The median nucleated RBC count was significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.56 x 10(9)/L, range 0-1.8 x 10(9)/L) than AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.13 x 10(9)/L, range 0-0.65 x 10(9)/L) and controls (0.0005 x 10(9)/L, range 0-0.6 x 10(9)/L) (P < .001). Multiple regression analysis showed that absolute nucleated RBC count was significantly correlated with birth weight (or macrosomia) and maternal diabetic status (r2 = .25, P < .001 for the multiple regression, contribution of birth weight r2 = .19, and diabetes r2 = .06). CONCLUSION: At birth, term LGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes had higher absolute nucleated RBC counts compared with AGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes and controls.
Gestational diabetes influences the expression of hypertrophic genes in left ventricle of rat's offspring.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes increases the risk of congenital heart disease in the offspring, but the molecular mechanism underlying this process remains unclear. Therefore, the current study was conducted to assess the effects of induced gestational diabetes on expression of some involved genes in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Diabetes was induced in 40 adult Wistar rats by intraperitoneal injection of 45 mg/kg of streptozotocin. The day of appearance of the vaginal plug was assumed as day zero of gestation for inducing diabetes. After pregnancy, the offspring was maintained until they reach the age of 12 weeks. Then, their hearts were excised and were sectioned for molecular study. We analyzed the expression pattern of some hypertrophic genes by the quantitative real-time RT-PCR. RESULTS: The mRNA expression levels of all studied genes including c-jun, c-fos, c-myc, alpha-myosin heavy chain (α-MHC), atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and β-MHC, which are important in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, were higher in the offspring of the diabetic group compared to controls. Significant differences were found for β-MHC and c-myc with P<0.01 and for α-MHC and c-fos with P<0.05. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes upregulates expression of c-jun, c-fos c-myc, α-MHC, ANF and β-MHC genes that are involved in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats.
Impaired left ventricular diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes with good glycemic control.; THE AIM OF THE STUDY: We assessed by echocardiography the left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational type 1 or gestational diabetes (IDM) in comparison to normal term neonates. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Two-dimensional/M-mode and Doppler transmitral flow velocity measurements were performed in 18 IDM and 26 control infants of non-diabetic mothers (gestational ages 36-40 and 36-41 weeks, respectively) between days 2 and 5 after birth. In the IDM, there were nine mothers with pregestational (White class C or D) and nine mothers with gestational diabetes (White class A or A/B). Peak early and atrial filling velocity, early deceleration time, early acceleration time, early, atrial and total time velocity integrals were used to examine the left ventricular diastolic performance. We also calculated the early/atrial velocity ratio, early/atrial integral ratio and early/total integral ratio. The fractional shortening, fractional shortening area, midwall fractional shortening (mFS), left ventricular mass and indexed left ventricular mass for body surface area (BSA) and birth weight were used in assessment of left ventricular systolic performance. RESULTS: The early deceleration time was longer, resulting in higher early integral and early filling fraction (EFF) in the IDM than in the control infants (p<0.01). In the IDM, the fractional shortening was somewhat greater and the left ventricular mass/body surface area ratio was higher than in the control group (p<0.05), although the measures of systolic performance were within the normal range. There were no significant differences in the systolic or diastolic function parameters between the gestational and pregestational groups. CONCLUSION: In the infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational or gestational diabetes, we found prolonged deceleration time of early left ventricular diastolic filling, probably reflecting an impaired left ventricular relaxation rather than compliance. The mechanism for the findings may be maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester and subsequent fetal hyperinsulinaemia leading to neonatal cardiac hypertrophy.
The association of breast feeding for at least six months with hemodynamic and metabolic health of women and their children aged three years: an observational cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is important for both mother and child in reducing risk of future cardiovascular disease. Therefore, it may be an effective method to improve cardio-metabolic health, particularly those who are exposed to pregnancy complications which increase later CVD risk for both mother and child. The aim of this study is to assess differences in cardiometabolic health at three years postpartum in mothers who breastfed for at least six months and their children compared to those who did not. METHODS: Women and children from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy (STOP) study (2015-2017) were invited to attend a health check-up at three years postpartum. Women's breastfeeding status at least six months postpartum was ascertained through their child health record. Anthropometric and hemodynamic measurements were taken from women and their children. A fasting blood sample was taken from women to measure blood glucose and lipids. RESULTS: A total of 160 woman-child dyads were assessed in this study. Women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal BMI, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, central systolic blood pressure, and central diastolic blood pressure than those who did not and this did not change after adjusting for BMI and socioeconomic index in early pregnancy, prenatal smoking and maternal age in early pregnancy. Subgroup analysis on women who had one or more pregnancy complications during the index pregnancy (i.e. preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, delivery of a small for gestational age infant, delivery of a preterm infant, and/or gestational diabetes mellitus) demonstrated that women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal systolic and diastolic blood pressures, serum insulin and triglycerides, and higher HDL cholesterol. There were no differences in child anthropometric or hemodynamic variables at three years of age between those children who had been breastfed for at least six months and those who had not. CONCLUSION: Breastfeeding for at least six months may reduce some maternal; cardiovascular risk factors in women at three years postpartum, in particular, in those who have experienced a complication of pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12614000985684 (12/09/2014).
Burden of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy before and after the universal two-child policy in Chinese women: An observational study.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of high-risk pregnancy increased after the implementation of two-child policy in China, but the impact of this policy change on the burden and profile of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy (MHFP) has been insufficiently explored. We hypothesised that the profile of MHFP might have changed after the two-child policy was implemented and aimed to estimate the prevalence, intercorrelation, and outcomes of MHFP before and after its introduction. METHODS: We obtained data on the population of pregnant women before (2015) and after (2020/2021) the implementation of universal two-child policy in Huai'an. We then included 33 risk factors in our analysis based on the Five-Colour Management framework and defined MHFP as an individual having two or more of these factors. We also estimated the changes of the prevalence of each single factor and their coexistence. Lastly, we performed a network analysis to assess the intercorrelations across these factors and used logistic regression models to evaluate MHFP-related pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: We observed an increase in the prevalence of MHFP after the implementation of the universal two-child policy (25.8% in 2015 vs 38.4% in 2020/2021, P < 0.01). Chronic conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal body mass index) had the largest increase among the included factors, while cardiovascular disease and hypertensive disorders were central factors of the network structures. The correlations of advanced maternal age with abnormal pregnancy histories and scarred uteri increased significantly from 2015 to 2020/2021. MHFP was associated with multiple pregnancy outcomes, including preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 2.57; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.39-2.75), low birthweight (aOR = 2.77; 95% CI = 2.54-3.02), low Apgar score (aOR = 1.41; 95% CI = 1.19-1.67), perinatal death (aOR = 1.75; 95% CI = 1.44-2.12), and neonatal death (aOR = 1.76; 95% CI = 1.42-2.18). Moreover, an increasing number and certain combinations of MHFP were associated with higher odds of pregnancy outcomes. For example, the aOR of preterm birth increased from 1.67 (95% CI = 1.52-1.87) for one risk factor to 8.03 (95% CI = 6.99-9.22) for ≥4 risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Chinese women experienced a higher burden of multiple high-risk factors after the introduction of the two-child policy, particularly those with advanced maternal age, obesity, and chronic conditions. Strategies targeting chronic conditions for women with MHFP should be prioritised and a shift to a multiple-factor-oriented framework is needed in the expanding Chinese maternal health care system.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome.; The increasing prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide provides a major challenge to obstetric practice from preconception to postpartum. Maternal obesity can result in unfavorable outcomes for the woman and fetus. Maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension leading to preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Intrapartum care, normal and operative deliveries, anesthetic and operative interventions in the obese demand extra care. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists should be well informed to prevent and treat this epidemic. Interventions directed at weight loss and prevention of excessive weight gain during pregnancy must begin in the preconception period.
Telehealth for High-Risk Pregnancies in the Setting of the COVID-19 Pandemic.; As New York City became an international epicenter of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, telehealth was rapidly integrated into prenatal care at Columbia University Irving Medical Center, an academic hospital system in Manhattan. Goals of implementation were to consolidate in-person prenatal screening, surveillance, and examinations into fewer in-person visits while maintaining patient access to ongoing antenatal care and subspecialty consultations via telehealth virtual visits. The rationale for this change was to minimize patient travel and thus risk for COVID-19 exposure. Because a large portion of obstetric patients had underlying medical or fetal conditions placing them at increased risk for adverse outcomes, prenatal care telehealth regimens were tailored for increased surveillance and/or counseling. Based on the incorporation of telehealth into prenatal care for high-risk patients, specific recommendations are made for the following conditions, clinical scenarios, and services: (1) hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension; (2) pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; (3) maternal cardiovascular disease; (4) maternal neurologic conditions; (5) history of preterm birth and poor obstetrical history including prior stillbirth; (6) fetal conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, congenital anomalies, and multiple gestations including monochorionic placentation; (7) genetic counseling; (8) mental health services; (9) obstetric anesthesia consultations; and (10) postpartum care. While telehealth virtual visits do not fully replace in-person encounters during prenatal care, they do offer a means of reducing potential patient and provider exposure to COVID-19 while providing consolidated in-person testing and services. KEY POINTS: · Telehealth for prenatal care is feasible.. · Telehealth may reduce coronavirus exposure during prenatal care.. · Telehealth should be tailored for high risk prenatal patients..
[Neonatal arteriovenous thrombosis: report of a case].; Limb vascular thrombosis is a severe, rare entity, often needing invasive surgery and sometimes leading to loss of function. An infant with in utero arteiro-venous thrombosis is reported. CASE REPORT: The baby, a female infant, was born at 34 weeks from a mother affected by gestational diabetes. She was referred to Neonatal Care Unit because of mild respiratory distress syndrome. She had no malformations. Spontaneous acute ischemia of right upper limb was noticed soon after admission: the limb appeared pale, cold, atonic and areflexic; no signs were noticed on it. Axillary artery and vein thromboses were soon confirmed by ultrasonography and arteriography. Intravenous administration of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator was carried on for 36 hours and followed by heparin and antithrombin III administration. Partial revascularization was obtained after a few hours: at the beginning of the treatment the limb became cyanotic, then edematous and finally the normal colour appeared everywhere but in the hand, was it became visible after a few days, when edema was reabsorbed. No recurrence of thrombosis occurred with heparin prophylaxis. Pain was treated with analgesic therapy, and motor impairment required physiotherapy. The doppler ultrasonographies which were performed subsequently confirmed a complete revascularization of axillary artery and vein. Coagulation and metabolic parameters (clotting tests, protein C, protein S, prothrombin, aminoacids) were studied but disorders predisposing to thrombosis were not found both in the patient and in her parents. CONCLUSION: Early identification of limb vascular thrombosis through external symptoms is very important, as it can avoid invasive surgical procedures.
Trends and burden of diabetes in pregnancy among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers in Western Australia, 1998-2015.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), which includes pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, is more prevalent among Aboriginal women. DIP and its adverse neonatal outcomes are associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This study investigated the impact of DIP on trends of large for gestational age (LGA) in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal populations, and added to the limited evidence on temporal trends of DIP burden in these populations. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study that included all births in Western Australia between 1998 and 2015 using linked population health datasets. Time trends of age-standardised and crude rates of pre-gestational and gestational diabetes were estimated in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers. Mixed-effects multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DIP and population LGA trends over time. RESULTS: Over the study period, there were 526,319 births in Western Australia, of which 6.4% were to Aboriginal mothers. The age-standardised annual rates of pre-gestational diabetes among Aboriginal mothers rose from 4.3% in 1998 to 5.4% in 2015 and remained below 1% in non-Aboriginal women. The comparable rates for gestational diabetes increased from 6.7 to 11.5% over the study period in Aboriginal women, and from 3.5 to 10.2% among non-Aboriginal mothers. LGA rates in Aboriginal babies remained high with inconsistent and no improvement in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, respectively. Regression analyses showed that DIP explained a large part of the increasing LGA rates over time in Aboriginal babies. CONCLUSIONS: There has been a substantial increase in the burden of pre-gestational diabetes (Aboriginal women) and gestational diabetes (Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal) in recent decades. DIP appears to substantially contribute to increasing trends in LGA among Aboriginal babies.
Risk Factors for Failure in First-Time Hearing Screening Tests among High-Risk Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to investigate into the risk factors for failure in the first-time screening test among high-risk neonates in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in order to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus providing insights into early prevention and intervention. METHODS: We performed automated auditory brainstem response (AABR), distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE), and acoustic immittance (AI) on 2,194 high-risk neonates admitted into the NICU of Shanghai Children's Medical Center from January 2015 to December 2019, and the risk factors, including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, were analyzed retrospectively by the univariate χ2 test and multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The pass rates of AABR, DPOAE, and AI were 70.21, 78.44, and 93.12%, respectively, in 2,194 cases of high-risk neonates screened, which are significantly lower than those of healthy controls. The most common diagnoses included artificial feeding, preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight (LBW), neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB), neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), congenital heart disease (CHD), gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, advanced maternal age (AMA), twins, and in vitro fertilization. Stepwise logistic regression analysis indicated that the AABR pass rate was negatively correlated with LBW (p = 0.002), NHB (p < 0.001), NRDS (p = 0.007), artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.018), and CHD (p = 0.005). The pass rate of DPOAE was negatively correlated with artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.041), NHB (p < 0.001), LBW (p = 0.007), very LBW (VLBW) (p = 0.008), and C-section (p < 0.001). The pass rate of AI was negatively correlated with revised AMA (≥40 year) (p < 0.001), NHB (p = 0.043), C-section (p = 0.005), and artificial/mixed feeding (p = 0.036). CONCLUSION: The hearing screening pass rates of high-risk neonates in the NICU were lower than those of normal neonates, among which the rate of AABR was significantly lower than that of DPOAE. NRDS, NHB, LBW, revised AMA, CHD, C-section, and artificial feeding are potential risk factors of hearing impairment. The combination of different hearing screening tests is necessary for accurate diagnosis of congenital hearing disorders.
Doula Support and Pregnancy-Related Complications and Death Among Childbearing Women in the United States: A Scoping Review.; INTRODUCTION: The potential benefits of perinatal doula support are many; however, doulas are underutilized, which may heighten pregnancy-related complications. In this scoping review, we assess the influence of perinatal doula support on pregnancy-related complications and death in the United States. METHODS: We searched PubMed, CINAHL, Scopus, and Alt HealthWatch for literature on doula support and its influence on pregnancy-related complications (maternal fever or infection, postpartum hemorrhage, amniotic fluid embolism, complications from anesthesia, preeclampsia, eclampsia, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary or thrombotic embolism, and cerebrovascular accident). Peer-reviewed articles written in English and conducted in the United States from 1969 to 2021 were included. Screening at all levels was blinded. We extracted data based on title, author, year, design, population, sample size, methods, limitations, recommendations, and definition of doula support. RESULTS: Following removal of duplicates, review of 3679 article titles and abstracts yielded 42 articles for full-text review; 3 articles met final inclusion criteria. One included study focused on intrapartum doula support and 2 on doula support that extended throughout the perinatal period. Within the included studies, doula support was associated with decreased rates of intrapartum maternal fever and gestational hypertension; however, it was not associated with decreased rates of gestational diabetes or depression. DISCUSSION: The literature has addressed the benefits of perinatal doula support, but studies with validated tools to examine associations between doula support and pregnancy-related complications and death are lacking. The studies that addressed intrapartum and continuous doula care included large generalizable samples, from which future research can draw to improve the practice of caring for patients during the perinatal period. Extensive research shows that unfavorable conditions can influence perinatal outcomes across generations. Implementing doula support may offer a potential approach to reduce and help alleviate resulting disparities in perinatal health.
Fetal Heart Monitor Tracing in a Pregnancy Complicated by a Ruptured Fetal Vessel on the Placenta: A Case Report.; BACKGROUND: This report describes the fetal heart rate (FHR) tracing in a pregnancy complicated by antenatal spontaneous rupture of fetal vessels on the placental surface that resulted in a live birth. CASE: 36-year-old woman, G2P1001, was being followed with weekly antenatal testing for gestational diabetes type A2 on insulin with possible intrauterine growth restriction. She presented for an office visit at 37.5 weeks' gestation with a complaint of decreased fetal movement. The FHR pattern demonstrated minimal baseline variability with an occasional spontaneous deceleration not associated with a contraction, an absence of recurrent decelerations, and no accelerations. The antenatal evaluation is discussed, and portions of the FHR tracing and the placental findings at delivery are provided. CONCLUSION: The FHR pattern did not fit with what is usually depicted with uteroplacental insufficiency or umbilical cord entrapment. In addition, even though the fetus is anemic, the process may occur too quickly for a sinusoidal pattern to develop.
Towards Novel Nutritional Strategies in Gestational Diabetes: Eating Behaviour and Obesity in Women with Gestational Diabetes Compared with Non-Pregnant Adults.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Effective nutritional strategies are needed to reduce BMI and improve long-term maternal cardiometabolic health, but the relative contribution of maternal eating behaviour, a potential barrier to dietary change, has not been explored. We compared eating behaviour in women with gestational diabetes with that of men and non-pregnant women with comparable risk factors, and tested associations between eating behaviour traits and BMI in women with gestational diabetes. We hypothesized that eating behaviour would be unfavourable in gestational diabetes and would be associated with BMI. METHODS: Participants (n = 417) including 53 men, 164 non-pregnant women and 200 women with gestational diabetes (singleton pregnancy; 29 weeks' gestation) were recruited into three prospective studies assessing weight loss interventions, with similar entry criteria. The three-factor eating questionnaire (TFEQ-R18) assessed uncontrolled eating, emotional eating and cognitive restraint at study enrolment. Associations between BMI at study enrolment and TFEQ-R18 (% maximum score) were assessed using linear regression. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes had significantly lower uncontrolled eating scores vs. men (53% vs. 65%; p < 0.001) and non-pregnant women (53% vs. 66%; p < 0.001), lower emotional eating scores vs. non-pregnant women (60% vs. 71%; p < 0.001) and higher cognitive restraint (p < 0.001 vs. men and non-pregnant women). In women with gestational diabetes, emotional eating scores were positively associated with BMI at study enrolment (beta coefficient 7.8 (95% CI 3.9 to 11.7), p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with gestational diabetes have favourable eating behaviour compared with other population groups. Because BMI at study enrolment was associated with emotional eating, nutritional strategies which reduce emotional eating may provide new opportunities to improve long-term maternal health after gestational diabetes.
Bazedoxifene blocks AGEs-RAGE-induced superoxide generation and MCP-1 level in endothelial cells.; Advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) play a role in vascular complications in diabetes. We have previously shown that 17β-estradiol at 10 nmol/l, a nearly identical plasma concentration to that during mid-pregnancy, up-regulates RAGE expression in endothelial cells. The finding might suggest the involvement of 17β-estradiol in the deterioration of vascular complications in diabetes during pregnancy. However, the effects of the selective estrogen receptor modulator, bazedoxifene, on oxidative and inflammatory reactions in AGEs-exposed endothelial cells remain unknown. In this study, we addressed the issue. Ten nmol/l 17β-estradiol increased RAGE and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) gene and protein expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), both of which were blocked by 10 nmol/l bazedoxifene. Bazedoxifene at 10 nmol/l also significantly inhibited the AGEs-induced superoxide generation, RAGE and MCP-1 gene and protein expression in HUVECs. The present study suggests that blockade of the AGEs-RAGE axis by bazedoxifene might be a novel therapeutic target for preventing vascular damage in diabetes, especially in postmenopausal women.
Black Box Warning: Cardiovascular Complications Make Motherhood Unsafe for African American Women.; BACKGROUND: In the United States, cardiovascular disease and its complications in pregnancy is the leading killer in mothers. The black maternal mortality rate is quadruple the rate among white women. MAIN BODY: The reasons for this staggering discrepancy hinge on two central issues: First, black women are more likely to have pre-existing cardiovascular morbidity that increase the risk of maternal mortality. Second, black women are more likely to experience adverse pregnancy outcomes including small for gestational age, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. These perinatal complications put them at risk for developing long-term cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: This article is a call to action to recognize that adverse pregnancy outcomes represent an opportunity to intervene in order to change the long-term cardiovascular health of black women.
Pregnancy Complications as Markers for Subsequent Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: Validation of a Maternal Recall Questionnaire.; BACKGROUND: We designed and tested the validity of a questionnaire to characterize maternal recall of pregnancy complications associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk, based on the 2011 American Heart Association (AHA) guidelines. METHODS: A maternal recall questionnaire of pregnancy history was administered to 971 patients who had participated in a previous cohort study of 1,608 pregnant women. Medical records from the study pregnancy served as the gold standard. Prevalence, sensitivity (sens), specificity (spec), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV), and/or Spearman's correlation coefficients (r) were calculated for each question. RESULTS: A total of 526 (54%) individuals recontacted responded. Respondents were more likely to be older, white, educated, and nulliparous and were less likely to deliver low-birthweight infants in the study pregnancy than were individuals who did not respond. Mean length of recall was 4.35 years (standard deviation [SD] 0.46) postpartum. Maternal recall was most accurate for gestational diabetes (sens: 92%, spec: 98%, PPV: 79%, NPV: 99%), infant birthweight (r=0.95), and gestation length (r=0.85). Maternal recall was modest for preeclampsia (sens: 79%, spec: 97%, PPV: 68%, NPV: 98%) and pregnancy-associated hypertension, including preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (sens: 60%, spec: 95%, PPV: 64%, NPV: 94%). CONCLUSIONS: This validation study demonstrated that the majority of women could accurately recall a history of gestational diabetes, infant birthweight, and gestational age at delivery, 4 years postpartum on average. Recall of preeclampsia and pregnancy-associated hypertension overall was modest. Maternal report of these pregnancy conditions may help clinicians identify women at increased risk for cardiovascular disease.
Impact of maternal diabetes on epigenetic modifications leading to diseases in the offspring.; Gestational diabetes, occurring during the hyperglycemic period of pregnancy in maternal life, is a pathologic state that increases the incidence of complications in both mother and fetus. Offspring thus exposed to an adverse fetal and early postnatal environment may manifest increased susceptibility to a number of chronic diseases later in life. Compelling evidence for the role of epigenetic transmission in these complications has come from comparison of siblings born before and after the development of maternal diabetes, exposure to this intrauterine diabetic environment being shown to cause alterations in fetal growth patterns which predispose these infants to developing overweight and obesity later in life. Diabetes of the offspring is also mainly the consequence of exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment, in addition to genetic susceptibility. Since obesity and diabetes are known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular sequelae in the offspring of diabetic mothers are virtually inevitable. Research data also suggest that exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment during pregnancy is associated with an increase in dyslipidemia, subclinical vascular inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction processes in the offspring, all of which are linked with development of cardiovascular disease later in life. The main underlying mechanisms involve persistent hyperglycemia hyperinsulinemia and leptin resistance.
Maternal Diabetes and Intrapartum Fetal Electrocardiogram.; OBJECTIVE: Fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) ST changes are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Our objective was to evaluate ST changes by maternal diabetic status and stage of labor. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of a multicentered randomized-controlled trial in which laboring patients with singleton gestations underwent fetal ECG scalp electrode placement and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST-segment readings. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes by the stage of labor. ECG tracings were categorized into mutually exclusive groups (ST depression, ST elevation without ST depression, or no ST changes). We compared participants with DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and no DM. RESULTS: Of the 5,436 eligible individuals in the first stage of labor (95 with pregestational DM and 370 with GDM), 4,427 progressed to the second stage. ST depression occurred more frequently in the first stage of labor in participants with pregestational DM (15%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14-4.24) and with GDM (9.5%, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02-2.25) as compared with participants without DM (5.7%). The frequency of ST elevation was similar in participants with pregestational DM (33%, aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48-1.30) and GDM (33.2%, aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71-1.17) as compared with those without DM (34.2%). In the second stage, ST depression did not occur in participants with pregestational DM (0%) and occurred more frequently in participants with GDM (3.5%, aOR 2.01, 95% CI 1.02-3.98) as compared with those without DM (2.0%). ST elevation occurred more frequently in participants with pregestational DM (30%, aOR 1.81, 95% CI 1.02-3.22) but not with GDM (19.0%, aOR 1.06, 95% CI 0.77-1.47) as compared with those without DM (17.8%). CONCLUSION: ST changes in fetal ECG occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers during labor. CLINICALTRIALS: gov number, NCT01131260. PRECIS: ST changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic parturients. KEY POINTS: · Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction occur frequently among fetuses of diabetic patients.. · Fetal ECG changes such as ST elevation and depression reflect cardiac hypoxia.. · Fetuses of diabetic patients demonstrate a higher prevalence of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes..
[Short-term and long-term risks for children born from patients with gestational diabetes].; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. A growing body of literature suggests that chronic disease has much of its origins in the fetal response to the intrauterine environment, a concept known as "fetal programming". Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that higher rates of obesity impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are evident in the offspring of diabetic women. Furthermore, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - a narrative review.; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.
Value of autopsy in nonimmune hydrops fetalis: series of 51 stillborn fetuses.; Nonimmune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) is used to describe fetuses and newborns with generalized edema and cavity effusions. It is helpful to alert physicians about the presence of anemia, heart failure, and/or hypoproteinemia, but this diagnosis is frequently overlooked. We reviewed the autopsy files from 1990 to 2000, selected all cases with NIHF including clinical information (with maternal laboratory tests and ultrasound), and classified patients by etiology. Among 840 stillborn autopsies during the 11-year period, we found 51 with NIHF (6.07%). The clinical summary had mentioned hydrops in 14 patients and the etiology in another 7 by fetal ultrasonography, but without addressing the possibility of hydrops. In the remaining 30 cases neither hydrops nor an etiology was mentioned. Other pertinent diagnoses were maternal diabetes mellitus (4), congenital heart disease (3), and cystic hygroma (2). The following diagnoses were made in one instance each: cardiac tumor, twin transfusion syndrome, congenital adenomatoid malformation, syphilis, Turner syndrome, and cerebral arteriovenous malformation. Postmortem and placental examination confirmed the following etiologies: congenital infections (17); placental pathology significant enough to explain NIHF (10); cardiovascular diseases (8) (further classified as congenital heart disease [3], rhabdomyoma [1], and vascular malformations [4]); chromosomal abnormalities (6); uncontrolled maternal diabetes (4); intrathoracic lesions (2); prune-belly syndrome (2); and idiopathic NIHF (2). Only 3.9% of the cases studied had no identifiable etiology. The cause of hydrops was confirmed by autopsy in 47 fetuses (92%), which further supports the importance of performing an autopsy. Thirty-two cases (62.74%) had placental abnormalities helpful to the etiology (parvovirus, syphilis, Turner's syndrome, etc.). In 20 instances, the clinical summary had no mention of either hydrops or any of the diseases leading to it. The autopsy in conjunction with placental examination and fetal ultrasound represent the best combination to determine the etiology of NIHF among stillborn fetuses.
Maternal Nutrition and Offspring Stress Response-Implications for Future Development of Non-Communicable Disease: A Perspective From India.; Psychological stress is recognized as a major modifiable risk factor for adult non-communicable disease (NCD) that includes depression, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. Dysregulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity resulting in either exaggerated or blunted cortisol responses, and altered autonomic cardiovascular control have been thought to underlie this association. The developmental origins hypothesis proposes that impaired nutrition during fetal and early postnatal growth is associated with a higher NCD risk later in life. Maternal nutrients are vital for fetal growth and development, and both maternal undernutrition and over nutrition as in the case of gestational diabetes are associated with higher NCD risk markers in the offspring. Recent studies suggest that fetal exposure to maternal nutritional imbalances may permanently alter cortisol and cardio-sympathetic stress-responsiveness, which may link early life nutrition with adult disease risk. A few recent studies that examined the association between low birth weight as a marker of fetal undernutrition and stress response in humans showed that lower birth weight was associated with an altered HPA axis and cardiovascular sympathetic nervous system responses to stress in adults as well as in children. In addition, altered stress responses in relation to gestational diabetes have been noted. In this paper, we present available evidence from India for the association between maternal nutrition and offspring stress responsiveness against the backdrop of global evidence, and discuss its role in the escalating NCD rates in this population. We also discuss the scope for future studies in India and other transitioning countries.
Diabetes in women older than 40 years of age. Social and medical aspects.; Prevention of Congenital Anomalies. Because the first few weeks after conception are a critical time in terms of embryopathy, good glycemic control should be established before conception in the pregestational diabetic and stringently maintained throughout the first trimester. Encouraging the diabetic woman to achieve stringent glycemic control before conception would virtually eliminate the excess risk of spontaneous abortion and anomalies. Prenatal Diagnosis. For all mature gravidas with diabetes, early prenatal diagnosis of chromosome abnormalities (mainly trisomies) and congenital anomalies should be determined through detailed ultrasound examination, fetal echocardiography, and alpha-fetoprotein determinations. Glycemic Control. Stringent metabolic control is mandatory throughout pregnancy to prevent the risk for macrosomia and maternal-accompanied medical complications, such as preeclampsia. Fetal Surveillance. Structured fetal surveillance evaluating fetal growth and well-being must be pursued throughout pregnancy.
Is early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist protocol an alternative for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing in vitro fertilization?; BACKGROUND: We aimed to compare the clinical and perinatal outcomes of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment with either an early-follicular long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) long protocol (EFLL) or a midluteal short-acting GnRH-a long protocol (MLSL). METHODS: This single-center, retrospective study, included patients with PCOS who underwent IVF/ICSI from January 2013 to June 2019 at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, China. Patients underwent either MLSL (1179 cycles) or EFLL (2390 cycles). The primary outcomes were pregnancy outcomes, perinatal and maternal complications. RESULTS: Fresh embryo transfer (59.12% vs. 55.47%, P = 0.038), clinical pregnancy (75.23% vs. 53.82%, P = 0.001), and live birth rates (63.27% vs. 42.05%, P = 0.010) were higher in the EFLL group. However, the proportion of patients "freezing all" for high risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) (24.27% vs. 32.06%, P = 0.001) and ectopic pregnancy (1.51% vs. 5.97%, P = 0.002) were lower in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group. The incidence of gestational diabetes was higher in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group (5.08% vs. 1.42%, RR 3.714, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.474-9.360, P = 0.003). There were no significant differences in the incidence of hypertension, premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, congenital heart disease, or neonatal weight between the two groups. Logistic regression results showed that age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.941-0.993, P = 0.013), treatments (OR 2.380, 95% CI 1.833-3.089, P = 0.001), and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 1.115, 95% CI 1.070-1.162, P = 0.001) were correlated with clinical pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy BMI (OR 1.098, 95% CI 1.002-1.204, P = 0.046), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (OR 3.096, 95% CI 1.900-5.046, P = 0.001), and treatments (OR 3.458, 95% CI 1.359-8.800, P = 0.009) were correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Treatments (OR 0.291, 95% CI 0.148-0.575, P = 0.001) and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 0.834, 95% CI 0.722-0.962, P = 0.013) were correlated with ectopic pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist long protocol can be used as an ideal assisted reproductive technology (ART) pregnancy assistance program for patients with PCOS, but obese patients should be encouraged to lose weight before ART treatments to reduce the risk of GDM.
Technology-Enhanced Consultations in Diabetes, Cancer, and Heart Failure: Protocol for the Qualitative Analysis of Remote Consultations (QuARC) Project.; BACKGROUND: Remote videoconsulting is promoted by policy makers as a way of delivering health care efficiently to an aging population with rising rates of chronic illness. As a radically new service model, it brings operational and interactional challenges in using digital technologies. In-depth research on this dynamic is needed before remote consultations are introduced more widely. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study will be to identify and analyze the communication strategies through which remote consultations are accomplished and to guide patients and clinicians to improve the communicative quality of remote consultations. METHODS: In previous research, we collected and analyzed two separate datasets of remote consultations in a National Institute for Health Research-funded study of clinics in East London using Skype and a Wellcome Trust-funded study of specialist community heart failure teams in Oxford using Skype or FaceTime. The Qualitative Analysis of Remote Consultations (QuARC) study will combine datasets and undertake detailed interactional microanalysis of up to 40 remote consultations undertaken by senior and junior doctors and nurse specialists, including consultations with adults with diabetes, women who have diabetes during pregnancy, people consulting for postoperative cancer surgery and community-based patients having routine heart failure reviews along with up to 25 comparable face-to-face consultations. Drawing on established techniques (eg, conversation analysis), analysis will examine the contextual features in remote consultations (eg, restricted visual field) combined with close analysis of different modes of communication (eg, speech, gesture, and gaze). RESULTS: Our findings will address the current gap in knowledge about how technology shapes the fine detail of communication in remote consultations. Alongside academic outputs, findings will inform the coproduction of information and guidance about communication strategies to support successful remote consultations. CONCLUSIONS: Identifying the communication strategies through which remote consultations are accomplished and producing guidance for patients and clinicians about how to use this kind of technology successfully in consultations is an important and timely goal because roll out of remote consultations is planned across the National Health Service. REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER: RR1-10.2196/10913.
A review of glycated albumin as an intermediate glycation index for controlling diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: This article reviews glycated albumin (GA) as a potential intermediate-term glycation index to fill the gap between self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) and hemoglobin A1c testing in diabetes management. The introduction gives an assessment of available short-, medium-, and long-term glycemic indicators. METHODOLOGIES AND UTILITY: Methods of GA measurement are summarized, and the variance of normal and diabetic GA values are discussed. Greatest uniformity in GA measurement is generally associated with immunoassay and the newer affinity chromatography methodologies utilized by reference laboratories. Utility of GA measurement includes its value as a marker for glycation, its substantial relationship to diabetes complications such as nephropathy and coronary artery disease, and as an unambiguous indicator of glycemic control in diabetes patients undergoing hemodialysis. Studies support the utility of GA in detecting short-term changes in glycemic control, and GA testing has been strongly recommended for gestational diabetes. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The results of a survey with mailings to over 3500 diabetes care professionals primarily in the United States are outlined and analyzed (margin of error: +/-6.5%, 95% confidence). Respondents strongly supported the need for a test for intermediate glycemic control as well as the utility of a rapid GA test as a monthly glycemic indicator. CONCLUSIONS: Such a test, as yet unavailable, could increase compliance and enhance empowerment among diabetes patients. It also has the potential to reduce the number of recommended SMBG tests, which may result in significant health care cost savings.
Placental pathology and abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in gestational diabetes.; Infants of diabetic mothers are considered to be at increased risk of fetal distress. We suggest that umbilical vasculitis is strongly associated with abnormal fetal rate patterns, which indicate fetal tissue hypoxia even in the absence of clinical evidence of intrapartum infection. In the present series, 132 term deliveries with Class A diabetes mellitus were compared with 159 uncomplicated term deliveries. Umbilical vasculitis and gestational age greater than 281 days were both highly correlated with abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in diabetic pregnancies (p less than 0.001). These effects were shown to be independent by multiple logistic regression. There was no difference in mean birthweight between infants of diabetic mothers and those of uncomplicated pregnancies, but infants of diabetic mothers had heavier placentas (p less than 0.01). These data further support our hypothesis that umbilical vasculitis may affect umbilical hemodynamics and predispose to development of fetal heart rate patterns.
Vitamin C supplementation for diabetes management: A comprehensive narrative review.; Growing evidence suggests that vitamin C supplementation may be an effective adjunct therapy in the management of people with diabetes. This paper critically reviews the current evidence on effects of vitamin C supplementation and its potential mechanisms in diabetes management. Evidence from meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show favourable effects of vitamin C on glycaemic control and blood pressure that may be clinically meaningful, and mixed effects on blood lipids and endothelial function. However, evidence is mostly of low evidence certainty. Emerging evidence is promising for effects of vitamin C supplementation on some diabetes complications, particularly diabetic foot ulcers. However, there is a notable lack of robust and well-designed studies exploring effects of vitamin C as a single compound supplement on diabetes prevention and patient-important outcomes (i.e. prevention and amelioration of diabetes complications). RCTs are also required to investigate potential preventative or ameliorative effects of vitamin C on gestational diabetes outcomes. Oral vitamin C doses of 500-1000 mg per day are potentially effective, safe, and affordable for many individuals with diabetes. However, personalisation of supplementation regimens that consider factors such as vitamin C status, disease status, current glycaemic control, vitamin C intake, redox status, and genotype is important to optimize vitamin C's therapeutic effects safely. Finally, given a high prevalence of vitamin C deficiency in patients with complications, it is recommended that plasma vitamin C concentration be measured and monitored in the clinic setting.
Metabolic profile and body composition in adult women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.; CONTEXT: The chronic, often supraphysiological glucocorticoid doses used in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) might increase morbidity in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to assess risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in CAH women. SUBJECTS, METHODS, AND DESIGN: We compared 61 women, 18-63 yr, with CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency with 61 age- and sex- matched controls. Twenty-seven were younger than 30 yr, and 34 were 30 yr or older. Anthropometry, fat and lean mass measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, serum lipids, insulin, and adrenocortical steroids were studied. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Body composition and cardiovascular risk factors were the main outcome measures. RESULTS: Younger patients and controls had similar waist to hip ratio, lean and fat mass, and insulin. Older patients had higher waist to hip ratio, lean mass, and insulin than controls. Fat mass was similar to controls but higher than in younger patients. Lipid profiles were slightly more favorable in older patients than controls. Gestational diabetes was more common in patients (21% of pregnancies vs. 0, P < 0.026). Few older patients had hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes. Despite moderate glucocorticoid doses, most patients had suppressed androgens. CONCLUSIONS: No clear evidence of unfavorable cardiovascular risk factors were found. Increased fat mass and higher insulin levels were, however, found in patients older than 30 yr. High frequency of gestational diabetes is a risk marker for future diabetes. Lifelong follow-up, lifestyle modifications, and attempts to adjust and reduce the glucocorticoid doses seem important.
Association of Gestational Diabetes With Subsequent Long-Term Risk of Mortality.; IMPORTANCE: Gestational diabetes has been associated with numerous chronic diseases. However, few studies have examined the association of gestational diabetes with long-term mortality risk. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the associations between gestational diabetes and long-term risks of total and cause-specific mortality. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study analyzed participants of the Nurses' Health Study II who were followed for 30 years (1989-2019). Participants included US female nurses aged 25 to 42 years who reported at least 1 pregnancy (≥6 months) at 18 years or older across their reproductive life span. Data were analyzed from May 1, 2022, to May 25, 2023. EXPOSURE: Gestational diabetes across the reproductive life span. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Hazard ratios (HRs with 95% CIs) for total and cause-specific mortality were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression models. RESULTS: A total of 91 426 parous participants were included, with a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years and a body mass index of 24.1 (4.7) at baseline. During a follow-up period of 2 609 753 person-years, 3937 deaths were documented, including 255 deaths from cardiovascular disease and 1397 from cancer. Participants with a history of gestational diabetes had a higher crude mortality rate than those without a history of gestational diabetes (1.74 vs 1.49 per 1000 person-years; absolute difference = 0.25 per 1000 person-years). The corresponding HR for total mortality was 1.28 (95% CI, 1.13-1.44), which did not materially change after additional adjustment for potential confounders and lifestyle factors during the reproductive life span (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.11-1.41). The association persisted regardless of the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes and was more robust among participants who adopted less healthy lifestyles; experienced gestational diabetes in 2 or more pregnancies (HR, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.99-2.19); had gestational diabetes both in the initial and subsequent pregnancies (HR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.11-2.63); and concurrently reported hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.21-2.67), preterm birth (HR, 2.46; 95% CI, 1.66-3.64), or low birth weight (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.21-3.68). Cause-specific mortality analyses revealed that gestational diabetes was directly associated with the risk of mortality due to cardiovascular disease (HR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.03-2.47). Additionally, gestational diabetes was inversely associated with cancer mortality (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.59-0.98); however, it was only evident among participants who later developed type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Results of this cohort study suggest that participants who reported a history of gestational diabetes exhibited a small but elevated risk of subsequent mortality over 30 years. The findings emphasize the importance of considering gestational diabetes as a critical factor in later-life mortality risk.
Barriers to, and Facilitators of, Lifestyle Changes to Prevent Gestational Diabetes: An Interpretive Description of South Asian Women and Health-Care Providers Living and Working in Southern Ontario, Canada.; OBJECTIVES: People of South Asian ancestry are the fastest growing non-Caucasian ethnic group in Canada and are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. Pregnant South Asian women have a 2-fold increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, which increases their risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. The specific objectives of this study were to explore the perceptions of health behaviours (diet and physical activity) during pregnancy in the South Asian community. METHODS: We used interpretive description to further understand the cultural and contextual factors that influence the knowledge, attitudes and practices of diet and physical activity of South Asian women of childbearing age and those who provide health care to this group. RESULTS: Two major themes that emerged from the perspectives of 10 South Asian pregnant women included: (1) importance of considering an individual's locus of control; and (2) support (emotional and information exchange) from family, friends and health-care providers. Two major themes identified by the 11 health-care providers were: (1) cultural awareness in caring for South Asian women during pregnancy; and (2) clinic management, logistics and resources. A common theme for both South Asian pregnant women and health-care providers was the importance of considering the cultural landscape in relation to how knowledge is obtained, shared and valued. CONCLUSION: A better understanding of these cultural underpinnings may support the development of interventions tailored for pregnant South Asian women and their health-care providers.
Atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and LDL size and subclasses in women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after pregnancy; however, the exact nature of the lipid alterations present is not clear. In Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes, we measured low-density lipoprotein (LDL) size and all seven subclasses, as well as the 'atherogenic-lipoprotein phenotype'[ALP, e.g. concomitant presence of elevated triglycerides, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and increased small, dense LDL]. METHODS: In 27 women with gestational diabetes and 23 healthy pregnant women matched for age, weeks of gestation and body mass index, we measured plasma lipids and LDL size and subclasses by gradient gel electrophoresis between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Although no significant differences were found in the concentrations of any of the plasma lipids, compared with control subjects women with gestational diabetes had lower LDL size (P = 0.0007) due to reduced LDL-I (P = 0.0074) and increased LDL-IVA (P = 0.0146) and -IVB (P < 0.0001) subclasses. Correlation analysis revealed that fasting glucose, homeostasis model assessment and glycated haemoglobin were inversely correlated with LDL-I and positively with LDL-IVA and -IVB (all P < 0.05). ALP due to high HDL-cholesterol levels was not seen in either group, whereas elevated small, dense LDL were more common in women with gestational diabetes than control subjects (33% vs. 4%, P = 0.0107). CONCLUSIONS: Increased levels of small, dense LDL are common in Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes. Whether these findings affect the atherogenic process and clinical end-points in these women remains to be determined by future prospective studies.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Recommendations regarding exercise during pregnancy made by private/small group practice obstetricians in the USA.; For pregnant women, exercise offers numerous benefits with little risk. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) endorses aerobic exercise for all pregnant women without medical or obstetric complications. Nonetheless, only a small percentage of pregnant women meet exercise guidelines. We investigated the extent to which obstetricians (Obs) in private or small group practice in the USA actively recommend exercise to their pregnant patients. Surveys were sent to 300 Obs in 33 American cities, of which 83 were returned. 52% of respondents reported discussing exercise with 81-100% of their patients. Using a 7- point Likert scale (1 = never, 7 = always), Obs reported recommending aerobic exercise more often than resistance exercise (5.6 ± 1.5 versus 3.8 ± 1.6, p < 0.001). Obs do not routinely advise sedentary women to initiate exercise during pregnancy (mean 4.4 ± 1.8). Of the 67% of Obs who specify a target exercise duration, 95% recommend ≥ 16 min, consistent with ACOG guidelines. However, 62% of Obs reported that they regularly specify a maximum heart rate, even though ACOG guidelines do not. Half of respondents indicated that they advise a reduction in exercise load during the third trimester, even for uncomplicated pregnancies. Respondents' opinions were mixed regarding the extent to which exercise reduces gestational diabetes or preeclampsia risk and they believe more research on exercise during pregnancy is needed. Half of Obs do not routinely discuss exercise. The majority is hesitant to advise sedentary gravidae to start exercise and is conservative with respect to exercise intensity. Action may be needed to convince more Obs to routinely recommend exercise to all healthy patients. Key Points52% of surveyed obstetricians discuss exercise with 81-100% of pregnant patients.68% of surveyed obstetricians do not regularly advise sedentary pregnant women to initiate an exercise program.62% of surveyed obstetricians recommend pregnant patients not exceed a maximum heart rate during exercise, even though ACOG guidelines do not specify a maximum heart rate.Approximately half of surveyed obstetricians recommend a reduction in exercise load during the third trimester, even though ACOG guidelines do not.Regular exercise was thought by surveyed obstetricians to have some potential for reducing the risk of gestational diabetes, but little effect on risk of preeclampsia.
Looking at the Future Through the Mother's Womb: Gestational Diabetes and Offspring Fertility.; Altered nutrition or intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development or earlier in a mother's life can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to diseases that manifest when offspring become adults. An example is a maternal obesity associated with gestational diabetes (GDM), where fetal exposure to a hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and/or hyperlipidemic gestational environment can provoke epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to various diseased conditions later in life. While it is now well established that offspring exposed to GDM have an increased risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, and/or cardiovascular disease in adult life, there are limited studies assessing the reproductive health of these offspring. This mini-review discusses the long-term effect of in utero exposure to GDM-associated adverse prenatal environment on the reproductive health of the offspring. Moreover, using evidence from various animal models and human epidemiological studies, this review offers molecular insight and understanding of how epigenetic reprogramming of genes culminates in reproductive dysfunction and the development of subfertility or infertility later in adult life.
Clinical and biochemical approach to predicting post-pregnancy metabolic decompensation.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes in the developed world is increased and parallels that of obesity. Apart from the maternal and fetal complications occurring during pregnancy, GDM is characterized by a high subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In this paper, we outline the different factors to consider in assessing the future risk of diabetes developing in women with a history of GDM. Looking at the modifiable risk factors, it is worth noting that promoting a healthy diet and lifestyle before (physical activity), during and after pregnancy (breast feeding) in women of fertile age are fundamental to the success of efforts to reduce the burden of diabetes in these young people.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants: a Meta analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To systematically evaluate the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm infants. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and Wanfang Data were searched for case-control studies and cohort studies on the risk factors for NEC in preterm infants published up to December 2021. RevMan 5.3 software was used to perform the Meta analysis. RESULTS: A total of 38 studies were included (28 case-control studies and 10 cohort studies). The Meta analysis showed that maternal gestational diabetes (OR=2.96, P<0.001), intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy (OR=2.53, P<0.001), preeclampsia (OR=1.73, P=0.020), history of neonatal asphyxia (OR=2.13, P<0.001), low gestational age (OR=1.23, P=0.010), sepsis (OR=5.32, P<0.001), patent ductus arteriosus (OR=1.57, P=0.001), congenital heart disease (OR=3.78, P<0.001), mechanical ventilation (OR=2.23, P=0.020), history of antibiotic use (OR=1.07, P<0.001), use of vasopressors (OR=2.34, P=0.040), and fasting (OR=1.08, P<0.001) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section (OR=0.73, P=0.004), use of pulmonary surfactant (OR=0.43, P=0.008), and breastfeeding (OR=0.24, P=0.020) were protective factors against NEC. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal gestational diabetes, intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy, preeclampsia, low gestational age, fasting, sepsis, patent ductus arteriosus, congenital heart disease, and histories of asphyxia, mechanical ventilation, antibiotic use, and use of vasopressors may increase the risk of NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section, use of pulmonary surfactant, and breastfeeding may decrease the risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Factors associated with the severity of neonatal subgaleal haemorrhage following vacuum assisted delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate factors associated with subgaleal hemorrhage (SGH) severity following attempted vacuum-assisted delivery (VAD). STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study was conducted in a tertiary medical center. The population comprised parturients who delivered at our medical center during 2009-2018, and who underwent attempted VAD with singleton pregnancies that resulted in neonatal SGH formation. SGH severity was classified as mild and non-mild (moderate or severe). The main outcome measures were determinants associated with SGH severity. RESULTS: Among 350 neonates with SGH, the degree of severity was non-mild for 48 (13.7%). Compared to the mild group, in the non-mild group, small for gestational age was more common (8.2% vs. 2.6%, p = 0.04). Compared to the mothers in the mild group, in the non-mild group, the proportion with two or more deliveries was lower (0% vs. 7.3%, p = 0.05), gestational diabetes was more common (12.5% vs. 4.6%, p = 0.02), the rate of cervical ripening was higher (27.1% vs. 12.9%, p = 0.02), the duration of the second stage of delivery was longer (mean 177 vs. 152 min, p = 0.04), and the rate of two dislodgments was higher (31.2% vs. 15.2%, p = 0.006). On multivariate analysis, only cervical ripening (adjusted odds ratio [OR]: 2.50; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.20-5.26; P = 0.01 and second stage duration (adjusted OR: 1.13; 95% [CI]: 1.00-1.29; P = 0.05) were independently associated with more severe SGH. CONCLUSIONS: The duration of second stage and ripening of the cervix during induction of labor are independently associated with SGH severity following attempted VAD.
The effect of vascular complications of diabetes mellitus on human umbilical cord tissue and the number of Wharton Jelly's mesenchymal stem cells.; The current study investigated the change in umbilical cord tissue and the number of markers of Wharton's jelly mesenchymal stem cells (WJ-MSC) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), with chronic diabetes who developed nephropathy as vascular complication (VC-PGDM), and healthy pregnant women as the control. The umbilical cords (UC) were investigated by the histomorphological method and the number of WJ-MSC were detected by flow-cytometry using the CD90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 markers in Wharton's jelly (WJ) isolated from fresh umbilical cords. The number of positive cells for CD 90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 were found to be elevated in the GDM group, whereas it was significantly diminished in the VC-PGDM group (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.001, and p = 0.001). The only histopathological sign in the GDM group were an increased number of pores in the Wharton jelly. Artery wall thickness/cord diamater ratio was increased, which indicates an increase of the artery wall thickness in the VC- PGDM group (p = 0.039 and p = 0.048). The increase in umbilical cord diameter and number of Wharton jelly mesenchymal stem cells in babies of gestational diabetic mothers was considered as an effect of macrosomia seen in babies of mothers with gestational diabetes. Vasculopathy, a long-term complication of diabetes, is known to affect all tissues by causing marked lower perfusion and hypoxia, as well as a decrease in the MSC number in our study.
Impact of maternal obesity on perinatal and childhood outcomes.; Maternal obesity is of major consequence, affecting every aspect of maternity care including both short- and long-term effects on the health of the offspring. Obese mothers are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, potentially exposing the foetus to an adverse intrauterine environment. Maternal obesity is linked to foetal macrosomia, resulting in increased neonatal and maternal morbidity. Foetal macrosomia is a result of a change in body composition in the neonate with an increase in both percentage fat and fat mass. Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain are associated with childhood obesity, and this effect extends into adulthood. Childhood obesity in turn increases chances of later life obesity, thus type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Further clinical trials of lifestyle and, potentially, pharmacological interventions in obese pregnant women are required to determine whether short- and long-term adverse effects for the mother and child can be reduced.
Identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with prior gestational diabetes, Oklahoma, 2012-2013.; INTRODUCTION: Innovative approaches are needed to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. We assessed beliefs of Oklahoma American Indian women about preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after having gestational diabetes. We also assessed barriers and facilitators to healthy lifestyle changes postpartum and intervention approaches that facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program. METHODS: In partnership with a tribal health system, we conducted a mixed-method study with American Indian women aged 19 to 45 years who had prior gestational diabetes, using questionnaires, focus groups, and individual interviews. Questionnaires were used to identify women's cardiometabolic risk perceptions and feasibility and acceptability of Internet or mobile phone technology for delivery of a postpartum lifestyle modification program. Focus groups and individual interviews were conducted to identify key perspectives and preferences related to a potential program. RESULTS: Participants were 26 women, all of whom completed surveys; 11 women participated in focus group sessions, and 15 participated in individual interviews. Most women believed they would inevitably develop diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or both; however, they were optimistic that they could delay onset with lifestyle change. Most women expressed enthusiasm for a family focused, technology-based intervention that emphasizes the importance of delaying disease onset, provides motivation, and promotes accountability while accommodating women's competing priorities. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that an intervention that uses the Internet, text messaging, or both and that emphasizes the benefits of delaying disease onset should be tested as a novel, culturally relevant approach to reducing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in this high-risk population.
Epigenetic programming, early life nutrition and the risk of metabolic disease.; Time separates the past from the present, during this period memory are formed - written in code and decoded to be read while other memories are erased - but when it comes to the epigenome some memories are harder to forget than others. Recent studies show chemical information is written in the context of the epigenome and codified on histone and non-histone proteins to regulate nuclear processes such as gene transcription. The genome is also subject to modification in the form of 5-methylcytosine, which has been implicated in metabolic memory. In this review, we examine some of the chemical modifications that signal early life events and explore epigenetic changes that underlie the diabetic vasculature. The fine balance between past and present is discussed, as it pertains to gestational diabetes and obesity in context to the Barker hypothesis. We also examine emerging experimental evidence suggesting the hypothalamus as a central regulator of obesity risk and explore current genomic medicine. As for how cells recall specific chemical information, we examine the experimental evidence implicating chemical cues on the epigenome, providing examples of diet during pregnancy and the increased risk of disease in offspring.
Fast food consumption and gestational diabetes incidence in the SUN project.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes prevalence is increasing, mostly because obesity among women of reproductive age is continuously escalating. We aimed to investigate the incidence of gestational diabetes according to the consumption of fast food in a cohort of university graduates. METHODS: The prospective dynamic "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort included data of 3,048 women initially free of diabetes or previous gestational diabetes who reported at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2011. Fast food consumption was assessed through a validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fast food was defined as the consumption of hamburgers, sausages, and pizza. Three categories of fast food were established: low (0-3 servings/month), intermediate (>3 servings/month and ≤2 servings/week) and high (>2 servings/week). Non-conditional logistic regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: We identified 159 incident cases of gestational diabetes during follow-up. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, parity, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, fiber intake, and sugar-sweetened soft drinks consumption, fast food consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of incident gestational diabetes, with multivariate adjusted OR of 1.31 (95% conficence interval [CI]:0.81-2.13) and 1.86 (95% CI: 1.13-3.06) for the intermediate and high categories, respectively, versus the lowest category of baseline fast food consumption (p for linear trend: 0.007). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that pre-pregnancy higher consumption of fast food is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Factors predisposing to pre-eclampsia in women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Lipid abnormalities occur before the onset of pre-eclampsia but their role in its pathogenesis is unclear. We tested the hypothesis that lipid abnormalities precede and contribute to the development of pre-eclampsia using women with gestational diabetes (GDM) as a focus population. METHODS: One hundred and eighty-four women with a diagnosis of GDM were studied. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose homeostasis, markers of inflammation and endothelial damage were measured and family history of disease was assessed to determine those measures at diagnosis of GDM that best predicted the development of pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Twelve percent of women with GDM developed pre-eclampsia. At diagnosis of GDM, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not different in women who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia (GDM-PE). GDM-PE had elevated body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin, uric acid, and C-reactive protein (CRP), which have all been linked with the 'metabolic syndrome'. They had a greater degree of microalbuminuria and more frequently reported a family history of hypertension and maternal gestational diabetes. In logistic regression, the significant independent predictors for developing pre-eclampsia were fasting glucose, CRP, a family history of hypertension and the proband's mother having gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that, in GDM, increased severity of insulin resistance and related features of the 'metabolic syndrome', rather than lipid abnormalities, are precursors to the development of pre-eclampsia and hence are likely to be implicated in the pathophysiology of this disorder. Moreover, these women are likely to be at particularly high risk of long-term cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: high dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy. DESIGN: High dimensional propensity score (HDPS) matched cohort study. SETTING: Multiple linked population health administrative databases in the entire province of Ontario, Canada. PARTICIPANTS: Among women who delivered a singleton infant between 2003 and 2012, and who were eligible for provincially funded drug coverage, those with ≥ 2 consecutive prescriptions for an antipsychotic medication during pregnancy, at least one of which was filled in the first or second trimester, were selected. Of these antipsychotic drug users, 1021 were matched 1:1 with 1021 non-users by means of a HDPS algorithm. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main maternal medical outcomes were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and venous thromboembolism. The main perinatal outcomes were preterm birth (<37 weeks), and a birth weight <3rd or >97th centile. Conditional Poisson regression analysis was used to generate rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for additionally prescribed non-antipsychotic psychotropic medications. RESULTS: Compared with non-users, women prescribed an antipsychotic medication in pregnancy did not seem to be at higher risk of gestational diabetes (rate ratio 1.10 (95% CI 0.77 to 1.57)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.12 (0.70 to 1.78)), or venous thromboembolism (0.95 (0.40 to 2.27)). The preterm birth rate, though high among antipsychotic users (14.5%) and matched non-users (14.3%), was not relatively different (rate ratio 0.99 (0.78 to 1.26)). Neither birth weight <3rd centile or >97th centile was associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy (rate ratios 1.21 (0.81 to 1.82) and 1.26 (0.69 to 2.29) respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy had minimal evident impact on important maternal medical and short term perinatal outcomes. However, the rate of adverse outcomes is high enough to warrant careful assessment of maternal and fetal wellbeing among women prescribed an antipsychotic drug in pregnancy.
Oxysterol as a marker of atherogenic dyslipidemia in adolescence.; CONTEXT: Oxysterols represent potentially important oxidative stress biomarkers in adolescence. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the relationship between the concentrations of serum enzymatically and nonenzymatically generated oxysterols, measures of obesity, and metabolic components including insulin resistance and levels of blood pressure and serum lipids. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study. SETTING: All subjects were examined between 2003 and 2005 at a hospital, a part of a follow-up evaluation mother-daughter pairs representing pregnancies affected or unaffected by gestational diabetes that resulted in the deliveries in 1989-1991. SUBJECTS: Subjects included a subset (n=89) of the total study population of 189 adolescent girls with a mean age of 15.32+/-0.65 yr and body mass index of 22.54+/-3.98 kg/m2. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measures included serum levels of the oxysterols 7alpha-hydroxy-cholesterol, 7beta-hydroxycholesterol, and 7-ketocholesterol; and body mass index, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, blood pressure, total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B (ApoB). RESULTS: Serum oxysterol concentrations in the adolescent cohort correlated positively with insulin (P<0.05), total cholesterol (P<0.05), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P<0.05), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P<0.05), and ApoB (P<0.01). ApoB and fasting insulin were found to be the major determinants of serum oxysterols after adjustment for body mass index. Being a daughter of gestational diabetes pregnancy alone did not seem to be a predisposing factor to increased oxidative stress in our cohort. CONCLUSION: Serum oxysterol concentrations increase with obesity, insulin, and ApoB, which are established derangements associated with the metabolic syndrome.
Features of endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord vessels of women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased oxidative stress and overexpression of inflammatory cytokines, both of which might lead to endothelial dysfunction and vascular disease. As such, GDM could be viewed as a sort of ‘short lived’ metabolic syndrome. As umbilical cord vessels represent a suitable model for the study of vascular alterations brought about by GDM, the aim of the present work was to characterize the phenotype of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) chronically exposed to hyperglycaemia and to a pro-inflammatory environment during pregnancy so as to identify molecular modifications of cellular homoeostasis eventually impacting on endothelial dysfunction. METHODS AND RESULT: Tissue specimens and HUVECs were obtained from umbilical cords of GDMand control women. As compared to controls, GD-HUVEC exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1(ICAM-1) expression and exposure on plasma membrane after tumour necrosis factor-alpha(TNF-α) stimulation (Western blot, flow cytometer). As compared to control cells, GD-HUVEC in basal conditions exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion, nitric oxide synthase (NOS) expression and activity (eNOS Real-Time polymerase chain reaction, Western Blot for eNOS total protein and monomers/dimers ratio, conversion of [3H]-L-arginine in [3H]-L-citrulline), increased O(-)(2)egeneration together with increased NT levels (immunofluorescence) and reduced NO bioavailability(guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate (cGMP) production, EIA). Furthermore, immunohistochemistry revealed increased eNOS and NT immunoreactivity in GD umbilical cords. CONCLUSION: Endothelial cells exposed in vivo even transiently to hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and inflammation exhibit durable pro-atherogenic modifications.
Risk of intracranial hemorrhage associated with pregnancy in women with cerebral arteriovenous malformations.; BACKGROUND: Prior studies on rupture risk of brain arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) in women undergoing pregnancy and delivery have reported conflicting findings, but also have not accounted for AVM morphology and heterogeneity. Here, we assess the association between pregnancy and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in women with AVMs using a cohort-crossover design in which each woman serves as her own control. METHODS: Women who underwent pregnancy and delivery were identified using DRG codes from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for California (2005-2011), Florida (2005-2014), and New York (2005-2014). The presence of AVM and ICH was determined using ICD 9 codes. Pregnancy was defined as the 40 weeks prior to delivery, and postpartum as 12 weeks after. We defined a non-exposure control period as a 52-week period prior to pregnancy. The relative risks of ICH during pregnancy were compared against the non-exposure period using conditional Poisson regression. RESULTS: Among 4 022 811 women identified with an eligible delivery hospitalization (median age, 28 years; 7.3% with gestational diabetes; 4.5% with preeclampsia/eclampsia), 568 (0.014%) had an AVM. The rates of ICH during pregnancy and puerperium were 6355.4 (95% CI 4279.4 to 8431.5) and 14.4 (95% CI 13.3 to 15.6) per 100 000 person-years for women with and without AVM, respectively. In cohort-crossover analysis, in women with AVMs the risk of ICH increased 3.27-fold (RR, 95% CI 1.67 to 6.43) during pregnancy and puerperium compared with a non-pregnant period. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with AVM, pregnancy and puerperium were associated with a greater than 3-fold risk of ICH.
Cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons born after ART with frozen and fresh embryo transfer.; STUDY QUESTION: Do 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after frozen embryo transfer (FET) or fresh embryo transfer (Fresh-ET) have increased arterial stiffness compared to naturally conceived (NC) children? SUMMARY ANSWER: The process of FET or Fresh-ET is not associated with altered cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons, including arterial stiffness, as compared to NC children. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: ART has been suggested to influence cardiovascular risk factors (i.e. endothelial dysfunction, increased arterial blood pressure and insulin resistance). It is not known if ART procedures alter arterial stiffness in singletons. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A cohort study was carried out, including 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after FET, Fresh-ET and NC children (50 children in each group). This study was conducted between November 2018 and August 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: In total, 150 singletons were identified through the Danish IVF Registry and the Medical Birth Registry. They underwent cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) and anthropometric measurements. Parental data were collected using questionnaires. NC children were matched by sex and birth year with FET/Fresh-ET children. Exclusion criteria were congenital heart disease, maternal gestational diabetes or maternal diabetes mellitus. Our primary outcome was arterial stiffness, which is assessed from noninvasive arterial blood pressure and aortic ascendens distensibility. The secondary outcome was the pulse wave velocity of total aorta and exploratory outcomes were left ventricular ejection fraction, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output and total peripheral resistance. Measurements and analyses were performed blinded to the child group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Aortic ascendens distensibility of children conceived after FET and Fresh-ET did not differ from NC children (mean (SD): FET 11.1 (3.6) 10-3 mmHg-1, Fresh-ET 11.8 (3.0) 10-3 mmHg-1, NC 11.4 (2.8) 10-3 mmHg-1, P > 0.05). Multivariate linear regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders (i.e. child sex and age, maternal BMI at early pregnancy and maternal educational level). Data showed no statistically significant differences between study groups and aortic ascendens distensibility. However, the fully adjusted model showed a non-significant tendency of lowered aortic ascendens distensibility in children born after FET compared to Fresh-ET (β estimate (95% CI): -0.99 10-3 mmHg-1 (-2.20; 0.21)) and NC children (β estimate (95% CI): -0.77 10-3 mmHg-1 (-1.98; 0.44)). Lastly, secondary and exploratory outcomes did not differ between the groups. Primary and secondary outcomes showed good intra-rater reliability. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This study is possibly limited by potential selection bias as the participation rate was higher in the ART compared to the NC group. Also, in some variables, the study groups differed slightly from the non-participant population. The non-participant population (n = 1770) included those who were excluded, not invited to CMR scan, or declined to participate in this study. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings indicate that children born after FET or Fresh-ET do not have altered cardiovascular function, including arterial stiffness. This is reassuring for the future use of ART. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant reference number: NNF19OC0054340) and The Research Foundation of Rigshospitalet. All authors declared no conflict of interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03719703.
Reprogramming of the developing heart by Hif1a-deficient sympathetic system and maternal diabetes exposure.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal diabetes is a recognized risk factor for both short-term and long-term complications in offspring. Beyond the direct teratogenicity of maternal diabetes, the intrauterine environment can influence the offspring's cardiovascular health. Abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system are implicated in conditions such as sudden infant death syndrome, cardiac arrhythmic death, heart failure, and certain congenital heart defects in children from diabetic pregnancies. However, the mechanisms by which maternal diabetes affects the development of the cardiac sympathetic system and, consequently, heightens health risks and predisposes to cardiovascular disease remain poorly understood. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the mouse model, we performed a comprehensive analysis of the combined impact of a Hif1a-deficient sympathetic system and the maternal diabetes environment on both heart development and the formation of the cardiac sympathetic system. The synergic negative effect of exposure to maternal diabetes and Hif1a deficiency resulted in the most pronounced deficit in cardiac sympathetic innervation and the development of the adrenal medulla. Abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system were accompanied by a smaller heart, reduced ventricular wall thickness, and dilated subepicardial veins and coronary arteries in the myocardium, along with anomalies in the branching and connections of the main coronary arteries. Transcriptional profiling by RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) revealed significant transcriptome changes in Hif1a-deficient sympathetic neurons, primarily associated with cell cycle regulation, proliferation, and mitosis, explaining the shrinkage of the sympathetic neuron population. DISCUSSION: Our data demonstrate that a failure to adequately activate the HIF-1α regulatory pathway, particularly in the context of maternal diabetes, may contribute to abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system. In conclusion, our findings indicate that the interplay between deficiencies in the cardiac sympathetic system and subtle structural alternations in the vasculature, microvasculature, and myocardium during heart development not only increases the risk of cardiovascular disease but also diminishes the adaptability to the stress associated with the transition to extrauterine life, thus increasing the risk of neonatal death.
Genetics and Epigenetics: Implications for the Life Course of Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy, affecting as many as one in six pregnancies. It is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for the mother and fetus and has important implications for the life course of affected women. Advances in genetics and epigenetics have not only provided new insight into the pathophysiology of GDM but have also provided new approaches to identify women at high risk for progression to postpartum cardiometabolic disease. GDM and type 2 diabetes share similarities in their pathophysiology, suggesting that they also share similarities in their genetic architecture. Candidate gene and genome-wide association studies have identified susceptibility genes that are shared between GDM and type 2 diabetes. Despite these similarities, a much greater effect size for MTNR1B in GDM compared to type 2 diabetes and association of HKDC1, which encodes a hexokinase, with GDM but not type 2 diabetes suggest some differences in the genetic architecture of GDM. Genetic risk scores have shown some efficacy in identifying women with a history of GDM who will progress to type 2 diabetes. The association of epigenetic changes, including DNA methylation and circulating microRNAs, with GDM has also been examined. Targeted and epigenome-wide approaches have been used to identify DNA methylation in circulating blood cells collected during early, mid-, and late pregnancy that is associated with GDM. DNA methylation in early pregnancy had some ability to identify women who progressed to GDM, while DNA methylation in blood collected at 26-30 weeks gestation improved upon the ability of clinical factors alone to identify women at risk for progression to abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum. Finally, circulating microRNAs and long non-coding RNAs that are present in early or mid-pregnancy and associated with GDM have been identified. MicroRNAs have also proven efficacious in predicting both the development of GDM as well as its long-term cardiometabolic complications. Studies performed to date have demonstrated the potential for genetic and epigenetic technologies to impact clinical care, although much remains to be done.
Keap1-Nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: Priming of disease susceptibility in offspring.; Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction alters the redox status of the developing fetus. Such pregnancy-related diseases in most cases do not have a readily identifiable genetic cause, and epigenetic 'priming' mechanisms in utero may predispose both mother and child to later-life onset of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The concept of 'fetal programing' or 'developmental priming' and its association with an increased risk of disease in childhood or adulthood has been reviewed extensively. This review focuses on adaptive changes in the in utero redox environment during normal pregnancy and the consequences of alterations in redox control associated with pregnancies characterized by oxidative stress. We evaluate the evidence that the Keap1-Nrf2 pathway is important for protecting the fetus against adverse conditions in utero and may itself be subject to epigenetic priming, potentially contributing to an increased risk of vascular disease and insulin resistance in later life.
Medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and obstetric labour complications in the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS) cohort: a birth cohort study.; This study aimed to describe the distribution of pregnancies with medical and obstetric complications based on the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS). We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, pregnancy with medical and surgical complications, and obstetric labour complications in participants in the JECS. Of 100,818 pregnant women with medical record entries after delivery, 15,305 (15.2%) had medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and 46,756 (46.4%) experienced obstetric labour complications. The proportion of pregnancies with heart disease, kidney disease and hepatitis was 0.3%, 0.3% and 0.1%, respectively. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 2715 (2.7%) women. The proportion of women with mild and severe gestational hypertension was 2.3% and 1%, respectively. The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. These data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Epidemiological studies have suggested that pre-existing diseases and complications of pregnancy, such as heart disease in pregnancy, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, may have implications for pregnancy outcomes, as well as for children's health and development.What the results of this study add? We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, medical and surgical complications in pregnancy, and obstetric labour complications using data from the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS).What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. Our data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.
Persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers.; INTRODUCTION: Offspring of diabetic mothers have five times higher risk of cardiovascular abnormalities than in normal pregnancies. These cardiac anomalies involve fetal cardiac morphological and functional changes. Here, we investigate subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, including structural and functional changes among infants of diabetic mothers. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective cohort study was carried out from March 2017 to September 2020 at a South Indian tertiary care center. One hundred ninety-eight newborns delivered from non-diabetic mothers, well-controlled diabetic mothers (WCDM), and poorly controlled diabetic mothers (PCDM) were studied. Neonates and infantile echocardiographic imaging were performed at the first week of life, at 6-weeks, and 6-months of life. Cardiac structure and function were assessed using 2D, M-mode, Conventional Doppler, and Tissue Doppler imaging. RESULTS: Out of the total (198) infants, 66 (33.3%) were from the non-diabetic (control) mothers, 60 (30.3%) from the WCDM, and 72 (36.4%) were from the PCDM groups. In both WCDM and PCDM groups, the mean gestational ages at birth were shorter than the control group (37.19 ± 0.82, 36.02 ± 2.15, and 37.91 ± 1.33 weeks respectively). There was a high incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia (p-value <0.001), NICU stay >7 days (p-value <0.018), and persistent fetal transitional cardiac shunt (p-value <0.03) among poorly controlled DM group in comparison to others. Tissue deformation imaging showed a significant reduction in left ventricular global strain and strain rate in the neonatal heart from poorly controlled diabetic mothers. Myocardial wall thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers was higher compared to controls. LV TEI was higher in PCDM groups in comparison with WCDM and control groups; (0.59 ± 0.11, 0.46 ± 0.35, and 0.37 ± 0.12 respectively, p-value =0.01). Similarly, RV TEI was high in the PCDM (0.56 ± 0.09) group compared to the WCDM group (0.33 ± 0.12) and control group (0.28 ± 0.10). CONCLUSIONS: Infants of diabetic mothers are at higher risk of developing cardiac abnormalities, including structural and functional defects. The highest increase in interventricular septal thickening found in poorly controlled diabetic mothers' neonates will disrupt both ventricles' functions, followed by WCDM and the control group.
Cardiovascular disease in menopause: does the obstetric history have any bearing?; Cardiovascular disease remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in menopausal women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted mortality from the disease in the last few years. It is now clear that mechanisms of cardiovascular disease in menopausal women are similar to men and rather than midlife acceleration of cardiovascular disease in women, the final impact of cardiovascular disease in later life may be a reflection of cardiovascular changes during reproductive years as a result of woman's obstetric history. A decade after the Women's Health Initiative trial, there is upcoming evidence to suggest that hormone replacement therapy in young recently menopausal women has a cardioprotective effect. Cardiovascular changes during normal pregnancy or pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia may affect a woman's long-term cardiovascular health. Therefore, it is plausible that the cardioprotective benefit of hormone replacement therapy depends on occult pre-existing cardiovascular risks in women in relation to their previous obstetric history. In this review, we describe the cardiovascular changes during and after pregnancy in obstetric complications such as recurrent miscarriage, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour and gestational diabetes; existing evidence regarding their association with cardiovascular disease later in life, and hypothesize possible mechanisms. Our aim is to improve the understanding and highlight the importance of including obstetric history in risk assessment in menopausal women and individualizing their risks before prescribing hormone replacement therapy. Future research in risk benefit assessment of hormone replacement therapy should also account for a woman's background cardiovascular risk in the light of her obstetric history.
Identification of mtDNA mutation in a pedigree with gestational diabetes, deafness, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and placenta accreta.; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) defects are associated with a number of human disorders. Although many occur sporadically, maternal transmission is the hallmark of diseases due to mtDNA point mutations. The same mutation may manifest strikingly different phenotypes; for example, the A to G substitution at np 3243 was first reported in patients with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (the MELAS syndrome), but is also found in patients with diabetes and deafness. Here we present a case of gestational diabetes, deafness, premature greying, placenta accreta and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome associated with a mtDNA mutation. Although this is the first report of such an association, study of 27 other patients with WPW syndrome failed to confirm that this mtDNA mutation is a common cause of such pre-excitation disorders.
A scientific review: the role of chromium in insulin resistance.; Chromium is an essential mineral that appears to have a beneficial role in the regulation of insulin action and its effects on carbohydrate, protein and lipid metabolism. Chromium is an important factor for enhancing insulin activity. Studies show that people with type 2 diabetes have lower blood levels of chromium than those without the disease. Insulin resistance is the common denominator in a cluster of cardiovascular disease risk factors. One out of every five Americans has metabolic syndrome. It affects 40% of people in their 60s and 70s. Insulin resistance, with or without the presence of metabolic syndrome, significantly increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is present in two serious health problems in women; polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes. Several studies have now demonstrated that chromium supplements enhance the metabolic action of insulin and lower some of the risk factors for cardiovascular disease, particularly in overweight individuals. Chromium picolinate, specifically, has been shown to reduce insulin resistance and to help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Dietary chromium is poorly absorbed. Chromium levels decrease with age. Supplements containing 200-1,000 mcg chromium as chromium picolinate a day have been found to improve blood glucose control. Chromium picolinate is the most efficacious form of chromium supplementation. Numerous animal studies and human clinical trials have demonstrated that chromium picolinate supplements are safe.
Hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy increase risk for incident prehypertension and hypertension in the year after delivery.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, including preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E) are associated with long-term cardiovascular disease risk. However, little is known about the effect of these conditions on risk for prehypertension (preHTN) or hypertension (HTN) in the early years after delivery. METHODS: The cohort consisted of women who had prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in 2005-2010. Women with prepregnancy HTN or preHTN were excluded from analysis. Multivariable robust Poisson regression models were used to assess associations between any hypertensive disorder or PE/E and development of preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery, adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, parity, smoking, prepregnancy weight status, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, and gestational age. RESULTS: Among 5960 women who were normotensive prior to pregnancy, 358 (6.0%) developed a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, of whom 215 (60.1%) had PE/E. Overall, 63 (1.1%) developed HTN and 902 (15.1%) preHTN in the year after delivery. After accounting for all potential confounders, women with a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy and those with PE/E were 2.36 (95% confidence interval: 1.97-2.83) and 2.48 (95% confidence interval: 1.99-3.11) times as likely, respectively, to develop preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery as those without pregnancy-related HTN. Results were similar with and without adjustment for gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our findings highlight the need for prospective studies aimed at determining whether early postpartum screening and improved follow-up of women with hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy may prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Maternal arterial stiffness and fetal cardiovascular physiology in diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: In mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes, abnormal arterial stiffness (stiffer arteries) has been reported. The impact of abnormal maternal arterial stiffness on placental and fetal cardiovascular physiology is unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on maternal arterial stiffness and the association with fetal cardiovascular physiology as measured by fetal echocardiography. METHODS: Between December 2013 and January 2017 a prospective study was conducted on diabetic (but otherwise healthy) and non-diabetic, healthy pregnant mothers aged 18-40 years at 20-28 weeks' gestation who had a normal fetal cardiac echocardiogram and obstetric ultrasound. Clinical data were collected by means of a patient questionnaire and measurement of blood pressure, height, weight, arterial augmentation index (AIx) and placental and fetal cardiovascular parameters were collected by fetal echocardiography. Descriptive statistics were calculated. Comparisons were made using parametric and non-parametric tests between controls and diabetic mothers. RESULTS: Twenty-three healthy pregnant controls and 43 diabetic pregnant women (22 with pregestational and 21 with gestational diabetes) were included in the study. Maternal AIx was higher in those with diabetes than in healthy controls (12.4 ± 10.6% vs 4.6 ± 7.9%; P = 0.003). Fetal aortic valve (AoV) velocity time integral (VTI) was higher in fetuses whose mothers had diabetes than in those with non-diabetic mothers (7.7 ± 1.9 cm vs 6.3 ± 3.0 cm; P = 0.022). Left ventricular (LV) myocardial performance index (MPI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies than in controls (0.40 ± 0.09 vs 0.46 ± 0.11; P = 0.021). Umbilical artery (UA) resistance index (RI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels ≥ 6.5% than in those with HbA1c levels < 6.5% (0.69 ± 0.06, n = 15 vs 0.76 ± 0.08, n = 21; P = 0.009) but not at higher HbA1C cut-offs. No correlation between AIx and AoV-VTI, LV-MPI or UA-RI was found. CONCLUSIONS: Arterial stiffness is higher in pregnant women with diabetes than in controls. Fetuses of diabetic mothers show altered cardiovascular parameters, with higher AoV-VTI and lower LV-MPI, which are markers of myocardial function. Placental function assessed by UA-RI was normal despite differences between groups. Arterial stiffness did not correlate with placental or fetal cardiovascular variables. Instead, the findings are likely to represent a shared response to the environment of abnormal glucose metabolism. The clinical significance of these findings is yet to be determined. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal Obesity and Diabetes Mellitus as Risk Factors for Congenital Heart Disease in the Offspring.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common anatomical malformation occurring live-born infants and an increasing cause of morbidity and mortality across the lifespan and throughout the world. Population-based observations have long described associations between maternal cardiometabolic disorders and the risk of CHD in the offspring. Here we review the epidemiological evidence and clinical observations relating maternal obesity and diabetes mellitus to the risk of CHD offspring with particular attention to mechanistic models of maternal-fetal risk transmission and first trimester disturbances of fetal cardiac development. A deeper understanding of maternal risk factors holds the potential to improve both prenatal detection of CHD by identifying at-risk pregnancies, along with primary prevention of disease by improving preconception and prenatal treatment of at-risk mothers.
Frequency and clinical significance of placental histological lesions in an unselected population at or near term.; Associations between specific placental histological abnormalities and obstetric outcomes are reported. However, most data are based either on high-risk cases or relate to case-control studies selected from those with abnormal placental histology findings, with the unavoidable biases that these approaches entail. This study reports the frequency of the several common, objective and predefined histological abnormalities of the placenta as identified by pathologists blinded to all clinical information. A total 1,153 women were recruited from an unselected population delivering at 34-43 weeks. Histological findings in common obstetric outcome groups were compared to those of the unselected population, and odds ratios and predictive values were calculated. Normal histological findings were present in 72.1% of pregnancies with normal outcomes and in 79.1%, 66.6%, 80%, and 74.8% of pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia (PET), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM), and small for gestational age (SGA), respectively. Chronic placental underperfusion was seen more frequently in PIH (odds ratio (OR) 2) and SGA (OR 1.4), while villitis of unknown aetiology was observed more commonly in cases with PIH (OR 3.2). Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy was twice as common in cases with GDM whilst massive perivillous fibrin deposition was much more frequent in those with PET (OR 20.2) and SGA (OR 8.9). Chorangiomata were 13 times more common in pregnancies with PET. However, in all cases, positive predictive values were low, with the majority of cases with histological abnormalities being associated with normal outcome. At term, specific placental histological lesions are significantly more common in complicated pregnancies, but the clinical significance of such lesions in a specific case remains uncertain, since the majority will be identified from clinically uncomplicated normal pregnancies.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes on long-term follow up have normal vascular function despite more dysglycemia, dyslipidemia and adiposity.; AIMS: Previous gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes and increased metabolic risk, but the link with vascular dysfunction is not clear. This study examined vascular function in women 4-10 years after a diagnosis of GDM who had a normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first postpartum year. METHODS: We studied 90 women with a history of GDM and 59 age-matched controls, examining differences in insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) and glucose responses during an OGTT, adiposity, lipid profile and C-reactive protein (CRP). Using pulse wave analysis, we also measured cardiac function, vascular compliance, and systemic vascular resistance. RESULTS: Women with a history of GDM had higher measures of adiposity (body mass index 28.9 ± 6.5 vs. 26.6 ± 6.9 kg/m(2), P=0.04, waist-hip ratio 0.85 ± 0.06 vs. 0.79 ± 0.07, P<0.001), dyslipidemia (LDL cholesterol 2.78 ± 0.64 vs. 2.41 ± 0.56 mmol/L, P<0.001, total cholesterol: HDL cholesterol 3.93 ± 1.2 vs. 3.21 ± 0.82 mmol/L, P<0.001) and abnormal glucose metabolism (50% vs. 12%, P<0.001). However, there was no difference in CRP, HOMA-IR, or measures of cardiovascular function including pulse rate, pulse pressure, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output, systemic vascular resistance, small and large artery elasticity index. After controlling for adiposity, blood pressure, lipids and CRP, glycemic status did not contribute to vascular function. CONCLUSION: Despite a higher incidence of adiposity, dyslipidemia, and impaired glycemia, women with a history of GDM who had a normal postpartum OGTT did not have impaired vascular function 4-10 years postpartum, when compared to healthy controls.
Tackling inequality in maternal health: Beyond the postpartum.; Healthcare systems prioritise antenatal and intrapartum care over the postpartum period. This is reflected in clinical resource allocation and in research agendas. But from metabolic disease to mental health, many pregnancy-associated conditions significantly affect patients' lifelong health. Women from black and ethnic minority backgrounds and lower socioeconomic groups are at greater risk of physical and psychiatric complications of pregnancy compared to white British women. Without sufficiently tailored and accessible education about risk factors, and robust mechanisms for follow-up beyond the traditional 6-week postpartum period, these inequalities are further entrenched. Identifying approaches to address the needs of these patient populations is not only the responsibility of obstetricians and midwives; improvement requires cooperation from healthcare professionals from a wide range of specialties. Healthcare systems must encourage data collection on the long-term effects of metabolic and psychiatric conditions after the postpartum, and s support research that results in evidence-based care for the neglected field of women's postpartum health.
Study of global left atrial shortening in fetuses of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that left atrial shortening fraction is lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease. METHODS: Forty-two fetuses of mothers with previous diabetes or gestational diabetes and 39 healthy fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease (controls) underwent echocardiographic examination. Their gestational ages ranged from 25 weeks to term. The left atrial shortening fraction was obtained with the following formula: (left atrial maximum diameter - left atrial minimum diameter)/left atrial maximum diameter. Data were compared using the Student t test, with an alpha level of 0.05. RESULTS: Mean left atrial shortening fractions in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in those in the control group were 0.39 +/- 0.15 and 0.51 +/- 0.11, respectively. This difference was significant with P < 0.001. CONCLUSION: Left atrial dynamics, with a reduction in global left atrial shortening, is increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers. We speculate that this parameter may be useful in assessing fetal left ventricular diastolic function.
Association Between Diabetes During Pregnancy and Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: A Population-Level Analysis of 309,825 Women.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of heart failure associated with pregnancy. The objectives of our study were to determine the incidence and outcomes (maternal and neonatal) of PPCM and its association with diabetes mellitus (DM) in a contemporary population-based cohort. METHODS: The cohort consisted of 309,825 women with a birth of at least 1 live newborn between January 01, 2005 and September 30, 2014, resulting in 469,150 birth events and 477,089 live newborns. A modified PPCM definition was used, allowing from 32 weeks' gestation and up to 6 months postpartum. Women were categorized according to DM status. RESULTS: A total of 194 PPCM birth events were identified, for an incidence rate of 1/2418 births. Women with PPCM were older, often primiparous, and more likely to have multiple gestations, pre-existing DM, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Although the overall numbers were low, the incidence of PPCM was higher in pregnancies in women with pre-existing DM (1/613 birth events) and gestational DM (1/1751 birth events) vs those with neither (1/2550 birth events). Over a mean follow-up of 3.9 years, the mortality rate was higher in women affected by PPCM than in those who were not, with few deaths overall. Neonatal death was uncommon in the entire cohort but was numerically greater in the PPCM group. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of PPCM in Alberta, Canada was approximately 1/2400 births and was modulated by the presence of DM in pregnancy. The relationship between DM status and PPCM may be confounded by other vascular risk factors, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There were few maternal or neonatal deaths in the overall cohort, but they were numerically higher in the PPCM group.
Preconception cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy outcome.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions are associated with both poorer pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Little is known about the relationship between preconception cardiovascular risk factor levels and pregnancy complications. METHODS: Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked with birth registry data for 1142 primiparous women. Age-standardized levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, insulin, and glucose from the study visit prior to last menstrual period were calculated. These factors were examined as predictors of gestational age, preterm birth (<37 weeks), birthweight, low birthweight (<2500 g), small-for-gestational-age (weight <10th percentile for gestational age), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, using linear and Poisson regression with adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and socioeconomic status. RESULTS: Higher triglycerides were associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders (adjusted risk ratio [aRR] = 1.42 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.90-2.23]), preeclampsia (1.70 [1.08-2.65]), and gestational diabetes (1.68 [1.25-2.25]). After removing women with pregnancy complications (n = 30), the estimated aRR for the association between systolic blood pressure and preterm birth was 1.23 (95% CI = 0.99-1.54); for HDL-c and low birthweight, 0.97 (0.73-1.28); for diastolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 0.98 (0.81-1.20); and for systolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 1.18 (0.97-1.45). CONCLUSIONS: High lipid levels before pregnancy predict an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Reported associations between these pregnancy complications and later cardiovascular disease of the mother are probably explained, at least in part, by maternal conditions that precede pregnancy. Interventions to improve cardiovascular health before pregnancy may reduce risk of pregnancy complications.
The association between in utero hyperinsulinemia and adolescent arterial stiffness.; AIM: To determine the relationship between in utero hyperinsulinemia and children's arterial stiffness at adolescence. METHODS: Indices of arterial stiffness were measured using the SphygmoCor apparatus in 129 adolescents (42 offsprings of mother with gestational diabetes and 87 offsprings of mother with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy) at 15 years of age. RESULTS: Adolescent of mothers with gestational diabetes had similar central aortic blood pressure, augmentation pressure (AP), augmentation index (AI), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV) as that of controls. However, both umbilical cord C-peptide and insulin levels correlated positively AI (R=0.28 and 0.24; p=0.011 and 0.035, respectively), and umbilical insulin level correlated positively with AP (R=0.25; p=0.025). The correlations were significant between umbilical cord C-peptide and AP (R=0.24; p=0.035) and AI (R=0.29; p=0.011) after adjustment for subjects' age, sex, body weight and height. Adolescents who had umbilical cord C-peptide levels at highest quartile (n=25), based on the reference ranges of the original cohort, had a significant greater PWV (5.26±0.12 m/s vs 4.98±0.12 m/s; p=0.0049) than those with C-peptide levels at the lower 3 quartiles (n=57) after adjustment for age, sex, body weight and height. CONCLUSIONS: In utero hyperinsulinemia appears to increase the offspring's arterial stiffness at early adolescence.
Amino acid and lipid metabolism in post-gestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: A metabolic profiling study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) during midlife and an elevated risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Glucose tolerance reclassification after delivery is recommended, but fewer than 40% of women with GDM are tested. Thus, improved risk stratification methods are needed, as is a deeper understanding of the pathology underlying the transition from GDM to T2D. We hypothesize that metabolites during the early postpartum period accurately distinguish risk of progression from GDM to T2D and that metabolite changes signify underlying pathophysiology for future disease development. METHODS AND FINDINGS: The study utilized fasting plasma samples collected from a well-characterized prospective research study of 1,035 women diagnosed with GDM. The cohort included racially/ethnically diverse pregnant women (aged 20-45 years-33% primiparous, 37% biparous, 30% multiparous) who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. Participants attended in-person research visits including 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and annually thereafter for 2 years, and we retrieved diabetes diagnoses from electronic medical records for 8 years. In a nested case-control study design, we collected fasting plasma samples among women without diabetes at baseline (n = 1,010) to measure metabolites among those who later progressed to incident T2D or did not develop T2D (non-T2D). We studied 173 incident T2D cases and 485 controls (pair-matched on BMI, age, and race/ethnicity) to discover metabolites associated with new onset of T2D. Up to 2 years post-baseline, we analyzed samples from 98 T2D cases with 239 controls to reveal T2D-associated metabolic changes. The longitudinal analysis tracked metabolic changes within individuals from baseline to 2 years of follow-up as the trajectory of T2D progression. By building prediction models, we discovered a distinct metabolic signature in the early postpartum period that predicted future T2D with a median discriminating power area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.883 (95% CI 0.820-0.945, p < 0.001). At baseline, the most striking finding was an overall increase in amino acids (AAs) as well as diacyl-glycerophospholipids and a decrease in sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids among women with incident T2D. Pathway analysis revealed up-regulated AA metabolism, arginine/proline metabolism, and branched-chain AA (BCAA) metabolism at baseline. At follow-up after the onset of T2D, up-regulation of AAs and down-regulation of sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids were sustained or strengthened. Notably, longitudinal analyses revealed only 10 metabolites associated with progression to T2D, implicating AA and phospholipid metabolism. A study limitation is that all of the analyses were performed with the same cohort. It would be ideal to validate our findings in an independent longitudinal cohort of women with GDM who had glucose tolerance tested during the early postpartum period. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we discovered a metabolic signature predicting the transition from GDM to T2D in the early postpartum period that was superior to clinical parameters (fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour plasma glucose). The findings suggest that metabolic dysregulation, particularly AA dysmetabolism, is present years prior to diabetes onset, and is revealed during the early postpartum period, preceding progression to T2D, among women with GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01967030.
Placenta, Secret Witness of Infant Morbidities: The Relationship Between Placental Histology and Outcome of the Premature Infant.; OBJECTIVE: The microscopic and macroscopic features of the placenta can contribute to the clinical understanding of premature delivery. The aim of our study was to figure out the relationship between the histopathological findings of the placentas of premature deliveries and its effects on neonatal morbidity and mortality. MATERIAL AND METHOD: The placentas of 284 singleton preterm infants with < 35 weeks of gestation were examined. Three groups were created as the normal, chorioamnionitis and vasculopathy groups according to the histopathological findings in the placentas of the subjects. RESULTS: The mean gestational age of the infants in the study group was 30.5 ± 3.2 weeks, and the mean birth weight was 1588 ± 581 g. The pathology was normal in ninety-six (33.8%), vasculopathy in 153 (53.9%) and chorioamnionitis in 35 (12.3%). The gestation age of the infants was lower in the chorioamnionitis group. Moreover, retinopathy of prematurity, early onset neonatal sepsis, and duration of respiratory support were found to be higher in the chorioamnionitis group. In the vasculopathy group, preeclampsia and small for gestational age were found to be significantly higher. CONCLUSION: Histopathological findings of the placentas from preterm deliveries provided important data in determining the etiology of preterm delivery and outcomes of infants. Infants delivered by mothers with chorioamnionitis were particularly found to be more preterm, and these preterm infants would have a longer hospital stay, higher respiratory support requirement, and more serious morbidities.
The problem of grandmultiparity in current obstetric practice.; A retrospective analysis of 646 Arab grandmultiparas who booked for hospital confinement between 1983 and 1985 was carried out. The results were compared with that of non-grandmultiparas during the same period. In the grandmultiparas, the incidences of gestational diabetes, hypertension rheumatic heart disease, antepartum, postpartum hemorrhage and macrosomic infants were increased. However, contrary to some previous reports the incidences of anemia, cesarean sections, induced labor, dysmaturity and perinatal deaths were decreased. This is thought to be due to the provision of modern specialist perinatal care and improved socioeconomic standards.
Primary atherothrombotic occlusive vascular events in premenopausal women with history of adverse pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with atherothrombotic occlusive vascular disease (AOVD) in premenopausal women. DESIGN: Retrospective matched case-control study. SETTING: Tertiary, university-affiliated medical center. POPULATION: Women aged less than 50 years treated for an AOVD (primary cerebrovascular, myocardial, or peripheral arterial ischemic event) from 1995 to 2004. METHOD: The files were reviewed for classical risk factors for AOVD and complications of pregnancy (abortions, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal loss and preterm delivery). Findings were compared with healthy women matched for age and body mass index. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Past pregnancy complications in premenopausal women with AOVD. RESULTS: Of the 101 women with AOVD, 53 had a myocardial ischemic event, 33 a cerebrovascular event, and 15 a peripheral ischemic arterial event. On multivariate analysis, IUGR (OR 8.41, 95% CI 2.36-29.9, p=0.001) and more than one pregnancy complication (OR 13.7, 95% CI 1.56-120, p=0.02) were found to be independent significant variables associated with AOVD. CONCLUSION: IUGR and composite pregnancy complications are independent significant variables associated with AOVD in premenopausal period. Pregnancy outcome might serve as a means to identify patients who may require increased medical surveillance and preventive measures for later vascular disease.
Increased osteoprotegerin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes developing metabolic syndrome.; Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a novel soluble member of tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily, has been shown to link cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate the potential relationship between serum OPG levels, cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome in a relatively large group of women with previous GDM. In this cross-sectional case-control study, 128 women with previous GDM and 67 age-matched controls were enrolled. Subjects were evaluated for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome according to the criteria of the American Heart Association (AHA). Fasting glucose, insulin, serum lipids, CRP and OPG were assayed. HOMA score was calculated. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. There was no significant increase in OPG levels in women with previous GDM when compared to controls. On the other hand, women with previous GDM developing metabolic syndrome had higher OPG levels than those without metabolic syndrome and healthy controls. Serum OPG levels were associated with obesity, insulin resistance, serum CRP and carotid IMT. Serum OPG is related to cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome, and might be involved in the development of cardiovascular disorders in women with previous GDM.
Pregnancy in a woman with proportionate (primordial) dwarfism: a case report and literature review.; Primordial dwarfism is a rare form of severe proportionate dwarfism which poses significant challenges in pregnancy. A 27-year-old with primordial dwarfism (height 97 cm, weight 22 kg) and coexisting morbidities of familial hypercholesterolaemia and hypertension presented to our unit. Early pregnancy was complicated by difficult blood pressure control, sinus tachycardia, biochemical hyperthyroidism and insulin-requiring gestational diabetes. Delivery was indicated at 24 weeks with uncontrollable hypertension, progressive renal impairment and intrauterine growth restriction. A caesarean section was performed under general anaesthesia, resulting in the delivery of a 486 g male infant. This case highlights the difficulties of managing pregnancy in a woman with primordial dwarfism. Her limited capacity to respond to the physiological demands of pregnancy created a life-threatening situation, culminating in profound preterm birth.
Abnormal Glucose Tolerance in Women Diagnosed With Gestational Diabetes (WHO 2013) 10 Years After Index Pregnancy.; CONTEXT: It is not clear if the risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) is attenuated in the long-term in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using the World Health Organization (WHO) 2013 criteria and who have received appropriate treatment during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the long-term prevalence of AGT and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in this cohort. METHODS: A retrospective cohort follow-up study was conducted of 37 and 107 women diagnosed with and without GDM respectively using the WHO 2013 criteria between June 2010 and December 2010. Women were invited to attend our center, where they underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, blood and urine collection, body measurements, and electrocardiography. Main outcome measure included the development of AGT using the American Diabetes Association criteria. RESULTS: Sixteen (43.2%) women with GDM compared to 5 (4.7%) women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at index pregnancy had AGT (P < .001). In the GDM group, 10 (27.0%), 7 (18.9%), and 4 (10.8%) women had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), respectively. In the NGT group, 2 (1.9%), 3 (2.8%), and 1 (0.9%) woman had IFG, IGT, and T2DM, respectively. Women with AGT also had an unfavorable metabolic profile including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. CONCLUSION: Women treated for GDM (WHO 2013 criteria) remain at increased risk for developing AGT and adverse CVD risk factors as early as a decade after diagnosis. Continued efforts are needed to accurately follow this population to address modifiable risk factors.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease.; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is a serious medical condition characterized by intermittent episodes of airflow limitation, intermittent hypoxia, and sleep disturbance triggering a pattern of autonomic dysfunction associated with hypertension, diabetes, and other adverse health conditions. SDB incidence is two to three times higher during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of cardiometabolic complications, including pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Treatments to protect breathing during sleep are available, pointing to SDB as a potential therapeutic target to reduce maternal cardiometabolic morbidity. However, in clinical practice, the majority of SDB cases in pregnancy are undiagnosed, indicating a need to improve screening for SDB risk factors and referral for diagnostic testing. Furthermore, definitive clinical trials are needed to determine the extent to which SDB intervention reduces the risk of adverse cardiovascular and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. This review article discusses an accumulation of research pointing to SDB as a prevalent risk factor for gestational cardiometabolic disease, as well as a potential therapeutic target to reduce cardiometabolic morbidity.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy: have all the problems been solved?; The past decade has seen a remarkable improvement in the prognosis for the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. Perinatal survival has become as common in these pregnancies as in normal ones. This improved outcome has been achieved through a better understanding of maternal metabolism and the needs to regulate maternal glycemia carefully as well as through reliable techniques for the surveillance of fetal well-being and advances in neonatal care. Significant perinatal morbidity still occurs, and congenital malformations--the leading cause of perinatal mortality today--remain an unresolved problem. Maternal outcome must also be considered. Uncertainty remains regarding the course of retinopathy in pregnancy, and the small group of diabetic women with coronary artery disease do appear to be at increased risk for mortality during gestation. A systematic screening program for gestational diabetes must now be adopted.
Secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization among women with congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: The number of women with congenital heart disease (CHD) of reproductive age is increasing, yet a description of trends in pregnancy and delivery outcomes in this population is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To assess secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization in the adult female CHD population in Quebec, Canada. METHODS: The Quebec CHD database was used to construct a cohort with all women with CHD aged 18-45 years between 1992 and 2004. Pregnancy and delivery rates were determined yearly and compared to the general population. Secular trends in pregnancy and delivery rates were assessed with linear regression. The cesarean delivery rate in the CHD population was compared to the general population. Predictors of cesarean section were determined with multivariable logistic regression. Cox regression, adjusted for comorbidities, was used to analyze the impact of cesarean sections on 1-year health care use following delivery. RESULTS: About 14 878 women were included. A total of 10 809 pregnancies were identified in 5641 women, of whom 4551 (80%) and 2528 (45%) experienced at least one delivery and/or abortion, respectively. Absolute yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries increased during the study period (P < .05). The increment in cesarean section rates was more pronounced among women with CHD than among the general population. Gestational diabetes (OR 1.50, 95% CI [1.13, 1.99]), gestational hypertension (OR 1.81, 95% CI [1.27, 2.57]), and preeclampsia (OR 1.59, 95% CI [1.11, 2.8]) were independent predictors of cesarean delivery. Cesarean sections were associated with postpartum cardiac-hospitalization within 1 year following delivery (HR = 2.35, 95% CI [1.05, 5.28]). CONCLUSIONS: Yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries in adult females with CHD rose significantly during the study period. Cesarean sections led to increased health care utilization. Further research is required to determine causes of high cesarean section rates in this patient population.
Elevation of sE-Selectin Levels 2-24 Months following Gestational Diabetes Is Associated with Early Cardiometabolic Risk in Nondiabetic Women.; Objective. We hypothesised that the endothelial dysfunction is associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or atherosclerosis risk factors in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes (pGDM). Material/Methods. Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation (OGTT), insulin resistance (HOMA), lipids, biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation were evaluated in 85 women with pGDM and in 40 controls 2-24 months postpartum. Results. The pGDM group consisted of 67% normoglycemic women (pGDM-N) and 33% with prediabetic state (pGDM-P). The BMI, waist circumference, fasting and 2 h glucose (OGTT), soluble adhesion molecules, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, total-, LDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio were higher in the pGDM women compared with the controls. After adjustment for BMI and fasting glucose, only higher triglycerides, higher TG/HDL and lower HDL-cholesterol were associated with pGDM. The pGDM-P differed from pGDM-N for only higher triglycerides and TG/HDL. The plasma level of sE-selectin was not independently associated with glucose concentration in pGDM group. sE-selectin level correlated with triglycerides, TG/HDL, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 antigen, and sICAM-1. Conclusions. sE-selectin level correlated with components of metabolic syndrome, but only the atherogenic lipid profile was independently associated with a previous history of GDM in nondiabetic women 2-24 months postpartum.
[Occurrence and related factors of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region during 2017-2019].; Objective: To investigate the incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and explore the related factors and their combined effects. Methods: The study subjects were women giving birth to live babies at the monitoring points of critical maternal hospital monitoring system in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2019. The data of general characteristics (age and marital status), pregnancies (parity, number of previous cesarean delivery, the number of prenatal check and number of fetuses in this pregnancy) and disease conditions (placenta previa, placental abruption, hypertension, diabetes, anemia, and heart disease) were collected, and the incidence of preterm birth were calculated according to the definition of preterm birth set by WHO and China, respectively. Logistic regression model was used to explore the factors associated with premature birth and their combined effects. Results: According to definitions of WHO and China, the cumulative incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi from 2017 to 2019 was 7.45% (16 819/225 727) and 7.34% (16 559/225 727), respectively. Advanced age [≤34 years old as reference, OR (95%CI) of 35-39 and ≥40 years old were 1.36 (1.30-1.42) and 1.61 (1.50-1.74), respectively], unmarried (including divorced or widowed) [OR (95%CI): 1.28 (1.17-1.40)], primiparae [OR (95%CI): 1.34 (1.29-1.40)], previous cesarean section [no previous cesarean section as reference, OR (95%CI) of 1 and ≥2 times of previous cesarean section were 1.30 (1.24-1.36) and 1.85 (1.65-2.08), respectively], antenatal examination<8 [OR (95%CI): 2.72 (2.62-2.81)], multiple pregnancies [OR (95%CI): 15.00 (14.01-16.06)], placenta previa [OR (95%CI): 6.90 (6.35-7.50)], placental abruption [OR (95%CI): 8.18 (7.36-9.10)], gestational hypertension [OR (95%CI): 2.29 (2.17-2.42)], gestational diabetes mellitus [OR (95%CI): 1.43 (1.37-1.49)], anemia [OR (95%CI): 1.10 (1.07-1.14)], and heart diseases [OR (95%CI): 2.98(2.43-3.65)] were all positively correlated with preterm birth. The risk of preterm birth in pregnant women exposed to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and ≥7 preterm birth related factors was 1.51, 2.29, 4.49, 9.69, 20.87, 46.88 and 192.11 times that of non-exposed women, respectively (all P values<0.001). Conclusion: Preterm birth is associated with maternal general characteristics, pregnancy and disease status, and the combined effect of preterm birth related factors significantly increases the risk of preterm birth.
Original Findings and Updated Meta-Analysis for the Association Between Maternal Diabetes and Risk for Congenital Heart Disease Phenotypes.; Maternal diabetes is associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) as a group, but few studies have assessed risk for specific CHD phenotypes. We analyzed these relationships using data from the Texas Birth Defects Registry and statewide vital records for deliveries taking place in 1999-2009 (n = 48,249 cases). We used Poisson regression to calculate prevalence ratios for the associations between maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) and each CHD phenotype, adjusting for potential confounders. Analyses were repeated by type of diabetes. To address the potential for misclassification bias, we performed logistic regression, using malformed controls. We also conducted meta-analyses, combining our estimates of the association between pregestational diabetes and each CHD phenotype with previous estimates. The prevalence of every CHD phenotype was greater among women with pregestational diabetes than among nondiabetic women. Most of these differences were statistically significant (adjusted prevalence ratios = 2.47-13.20). Associations were slightly attenuated for many CHD phenotypes among women with gestational diabetes. The observed associations did not appear to be the result of misclassification bias. In our meta-analysis, pregestational diabetes was significantly associated with each CHD phenotype. These findings contribute to a better understanding of the teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes and improved counseling for risk of specific CHD phenotypes.
Recurrent antepartum compression of a single artery double nuchal cord necessitating emergency cesarean delivery.; Fetuses with a single umbilical artery are considered at increased risk for chromosomal and structural abnormalities, and increased adverse perinatal outcome. A young nulliparous patient was followed with weekly nonstress testing due to well-controlled gestational diabetes, a single umbilical artery, and a double nuchal cord. At 31 weeks gestation, following the occurrence of a severe prolonged variable deceleration of the fetal heart rate the patient was hospitalized for close fetal surveillance with consideration that the deceleration may represent recurring intermittent compression of the single umbilical artery. Continuous fetal monitoring depicted recurrent severe variable decelerations of the fetal heart rate. Thirty-six hours after admission, prolonged fetal bradycardia to 60 bpm necessitated emergency cesarean delivery of a nonhypoxic nonacidotic fetus, which subsequently did well. This case suggests that fetuses with a single umbilical artery nuchal cord(s) may be at increased risk of significant umbilical cord compression.
Pregnancy: a stress test for life.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review describes how the physiological demands of pregnancy act as a maternal stress test that can predict a woman's health in later life. Pregnancy transiently catapults a woman into a metabolic syndrome that predisposes to vascular endothelial dysfunction. Women who are already predisposed to this phenotype develop gestational hypertension or diabetes mellitus, which re-emerge in later life as the metabolic syndrome returns. Pregnancy can also temporarily unmask sub-clinical disease, which may return in later life when the effects of ageing diminish the limited reserves of a vulnerable organ. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent studies have attempted to assess how gestational syndromes affect the risk for a woman of developing a diverse range of diseases in later life. As well as cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus, pregnancy can reveal a vulnerability to thyroid and pituitary disorders, liver and renal disease, depression, thrombosis and even cancer. SUMMARY: Although our knowledge of this phenomenon is incomplete, women who have had gestational syndromes, in particular pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, should make lifestyle changes that will reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease in later life.
Metabolic follow-up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: study protocol for the identification of a core outcomes set using a Delphi survey.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an increased lifetime risk for the development of glucose abnormalities, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, depression and tumours. Despite this high risk of additional comorbidities, there is no standardised approach to the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Also, there is no standardisation of outcome selection and reporting in studies involving this population. This increases the risk of reporting bias and reduces the possibility of meaningful comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a protocol for a core outcome set (COS) for the metabolic follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents. METHODS/DESIGN: This protocol will describe the steps that will be taken in order to develop the COS. The study will consist of three parts: (1) A systematic review of the literature of the outcomes reported in previous randomised controlled trials of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents; (2) A three-round, online Delphi survey with key stakeholders in order to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) A consensus meeting where the final COS will be decided. DISCUSSION: The proposed protocol is the first step in developing a COS that will bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in GDM women treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents.
Adverse effects during the oral glucose tolerance test in post-bariatric surgery patients.; OBJECTIVE: The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is used in the screening of gestational diabetes, in diagnosis of type 2 diabetes in conjunction with fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin. The aim of this study was to examine the incidence and risk factors of adverse effects of OGTT in patients who underwent bariatric surgery, in addition to proposing standardization for ordering the OGTT in these patients. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This study assessed the incidence of adverse effects in 128 post-bariatric surgery patients who underwent the OGTT. Descriptive and logistic regression analysis were performed, the dependent variables were defined as the presence of signs (tremor, profuse sweating, tachycardia), symptoms (nausea, diarrhea, dizziness, weakness), and hypoglycemia (blood glucose ≤ 50 mg/dL). RESULTS: One hundred and seventeen participants (91.4%) were female; 38 (29.7%) participants were pregnant. High incidence (64.8%) of adverse effects was observed: nausea (38.4%), dizziness (30.5%), weakness (25.8%), diarrhea (23.4%), hypoglycemia (14.8%), tachycardia (14.1%), tremor (13.3%), profuse sweating (12.5%) and one case of severe hypoglycemia (24 mg/dL). The presence of signs was associated with hypoglycemia (OR = 8.1, CI 95% 2.6-25.1). The arterial hypertension persisted as a risk factor for the incidence of signs (OR = 3.6, CI 95% 1.2-11.3). Fasting glucose below 75 mg/dL increased the risk of hypoglycemia during the test (OR = 9.5, CI 95% 2.6-35.1). CONCLUSION: In this study, high incidence of adverse effects during the OGTT was observed in post-bariatric surgery patients. If these results are confirmed by further studies, the indication and regulation of the OGTT procedure must be reviewed for these patients.
[Secundum atrial septal defect in newborns of diabetic mothers].; AIM: To evaluate in own material the incidence of secundum atrial septal defect type fossa ovalis (ASD II) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) during the first 48 hours of life, and subsequent echocardiography follow-up of babies with ASD II during the first year of life. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In the period from September 2002 to March 2003 a total of 502 neonates were born and 62 number them were from diabetic mothers. Echocardiography scanning was performed in a group of 49 neonates (42 IDM and 7 full-term infants of healthy mothers) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation during the first 48 hours of life. Six neonates were born from pregestational diabetes mothers and 36 from gestational diabetes mothers (G1-17, G2-19), Birth weight of the newborns were in the range from 1370 to 4450 g, and gestational age was in the range between 30 to 41, mean 38.6 weeks. Apgar score was > 7 in 91.8% of neonates. In the whole study besides laboratory tests in direction of early onset infection, brain ultrasound and echocardiography scanning were performed. M-mode, 2-D presentation and Doppler blood flow velocity were done 4 times during the first year of life (in 2nd, 4th and 12th month). RESULTS: ASD II with 2 to 9 mm diameter was diagnosed in 20 (40.8%) of the examined neonates. Among them 16 were IDM and 4 from healthy mothers. There was no statistically significant difference in the frequency of ASD II recognition in accordance with type of maternal diabetes. During subsequent echocardiography scanning, spontaneous closure of ASD II was found in 11 (55.0%) babies at the age of 12 months. In the remaining 9 (45.0%) infants a decrease in ASD II was notices in 6 (30.0%) cases and the same diameter of arterial defect was left in 3 (15.0%). CONCLUSION: In 38.1% of neonates born to diabetic mothers, cardio-respiratory disturbances during the first 48 hours of life were accompanied by secundum atrial septal defect. During 12 months follow-up with echocardiography evaluation, decrease in diameter or spontaneous closure o ASD II occurred in most of our patients.
Microsurgical Salvage of Neonatal Upper Limb Ischaemia Following Intrauterine Brachial Vessel Constriction.; Neonatal limb ischaemia is a rare disease entity with devastating morbidity, including compartment syndrome, tissue loss, limb loss, reduced limb growth, irreparable neuropathies and Volkmann's syndrome.  We report a case of limb revascularisation and salvage due to intrauterine brachial artery thrombosis. Published literature is limited to case reports and case series, with various treatment modalities discussed. Early recognition, prompt institution of appropriate treatment and monitoring is vital to achieve successful revascularisation and prevention of life-long morbidity. A male baby at (36+6week) gestation was born to a nulliparous mother with gestational diabetes via uncomplicated elective caesarean section. Aetiology was due to dense fibrotic circumferential constriction of the brachial vessels and plexus. Successful revascularization was achieved with a contralateral interposition reversed great saphenous vein graft.  Though extremely rare and the clinical presentation varies with the location and timing after birth, the surgeon should maintain a low threshold for suspicion of in the presence of the characteristic sequelae of ischaemia. Doppler ultrasonography can aid the diagnosis where ambiguous, and therapy should be individualised based on the clinical presentation; this case emphasises the role of surgery in limb salvage.
[Hypertriglyceridemic pancreatitis and pregnancy].; A 33-year-old secundipara with a history of gestational diabetes and familial hypertriglyceridemia exacerbated during her previous pregnancy was admitted in the 36th week of gestation with diffuse abdominal pain, vomiting, low-grade fever, and general malaise. A blood sample had a lipemic, milky-pink appearance and plasma concentrations were as follows: triglycerides 2173 mg/dL, cholesterol 320 mg/dL, amylase 801 U/L, lactate dehydrogenase 650 U/L, creatinine 1.5 mg/dL, glucose 380 mg/dL, and left-shifted white cells. Acute pancreatitis was diagnosed and owing to signs of fetal distress, a cesarean was performed under light general anesthesia with propofol, succinylcholine, and sevoflurane. After the umbilical cord was cut, rocoronium and fentanyl were administered. The neonate was healthy and the patient's condition evolved favorably with conservative treatment. The incidence of pancreatitis during pregnancy is low but related morbidity and mortality are high. The usual cause is biliary tract disease, although rare metabolic alterations such as hyperlipidemia may occasionally act as the trigger. Early diagnosis and treatment are the keys to successful surgery and postoperative recovery.
Benefits and risks of modifying maternal fat intake in pregnancy and lactation.; The National Cholesterol Education Program recommends that healthy Americans aged > 2 y reduce energy intake to maintain ideal body weight, saturated fat to 10% of energy, fat intake to 30% of energy, and cholesterol consumption to < 300 mg/d. Although these guidelines exclude pregnant or lactating women, nursing infants, and very young children, women with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and familial hyperlipidemias may benefit from them. In a normal pregnancy, serum cholesterol and triglycerides rise 25-40% and 200-400%, respectively. Multiparous middle-aged women may have an increased incidence of angina and cholesterol gallstones from the hypercholesterolemia of pregnancy. Few studies support the safety of maternal low-fat diets for the developing fetus or demonstrate benefits to the mother. Polyunsaturated fatty acids lower serum lipids, and n-3 fatty acids may improve some obstetric complications. Arachidonic acid (20:4) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) may benefit the psychomotor and visual development of children.
[Analysis of first-time hearing screening tests among singlets and twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit].; Objective:To investigate the failure in the hearing screening test among twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit （NICU） and to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus to provide insights into prevention and early intervention. Methods:Automated auditory brainstem response（AABR）, distortion product otoacoustic emission（DPOAE） and acoustic immittance were performed on 1452 neonates（including 130 twins） admitted in NICU from January 2015 to June 2018 and the risk factors including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, etc. were analyzed retrospectively by univariate chi-square test and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results:The incidence of C-section, premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, low birth weight, very low birth weight, in-vitro fertilization, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome and formula or mixed feeding among twin neonates were significantly higher than those of singleton neonates （P<0.05）. The pass rates of the first-time AABR, DPOAE and acoustic immittance were significantly lower than singleton neonates. The proportion of twin neonates who failed the initial screening but recovered in the following test was as high as 72.86%. AABR pass rate was correlated with congenital heart disease, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, C-section and （very） low birth weight. The pass rate of DPOAE was correlated with low birth weight and C-section. The pass rate of acoustic immittance was correlated with preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. The pass rate of diagnostic ABR was associated with gestational diabetes. And the pass rate of diagnostic DPOAE was associated with maternal age ≥40 years old. Conclusion:The first-time hearing screening pass rate of twin neonates in NICU is lower than that of neonatal singleton. Most twin neonates who fail in the first screening test will recover. Preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, （very） low birth weight, congenital heart disease, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, maternal age ≥ 40 years old and C-section are associated with the first-time failure in hearing screening tests among twin neonates, thus entailing close follow-up.
Renal function during pregnancy may predict risk of future hospitalization due to atherosclerotic-related morbidity.; AIM: This study aims to examine whether renal function during pregnancy can serve as a surrogate marker for the risk of developing atherosclerotic-related morbidity. METHODS: A case-control study, including women who gave birth at a tertiary referral medical centre during 2000-2012. This population was divided into cases of women who were subsequently hospitalized for atherosclerotic morbidity during the study period and age-matched controls. From the study population, we retrieved two groups: the creatinine (Cr) group: women who had at least one Cr measurement (4945 women) and the urea group: women who had at least one urea measurement (4932 women) during their pregnancies. In the Cr and urea group, there were 572 and 571 cases and 4373 and 4361 controls, respectively. The mean follow-up period in the Cr and urea group was 61.7 ± 37.0 and 57.3 ± 36.0 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models (controlling for confounders: gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level (for urea), and gestational week) were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations. RESULTS: A significant association was documented between renal function during pregnancy and long-term atherosclerotic morbidity. Multivariate analysis, showed that Cr at pregnancy index of ≥89 μmol/L was associated with a significant increased risk for hospitalization due to cardiovascular (CVS) events (adjusted HR = 2.91 CI 1.37-6.19 P = 0.005) and urea level ≤7 mmol/L was independently associated with reduced prevalence of CVS hospitalization (adjusted HR = 0.62 CI 0.57-0.86 P = 0.001). CONCLUSION: Renal function abnormality during pregnancy may reveal occult predisposition to atherosclerotic morbidity years after childbirth.
Potential prognostic biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in fetal macrosomia: the impact of gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Fetal macrosomia is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and increased cardiovascular risk. Cardiac biomarkers may play diagnostic/prognostic role in cardiovascular disease. We tested whether cardiac biomarkers are differentially expressed in cord blood samples of full-term singleton large-for-gestational-age (LGA), as compared to appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) pregnancies. METHODS: Cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1), Titin, pentraxin (PTX-3) and soluble CD36 (sCD36) concentrations were determined in 80 cord blood samples from a) LGA pregnancies due to maternal diabetes (n = 8), overweight/obese (n = 11), excessive weight gain (n = 7), without specific pathology (n = 14), b) AGA normal pregnancies (controls, n = 40). Neonates were classified as LGA or AGA based on customized birth weight (BW) standards. RESULTS: CT-1 and Titin concentrations were higher in LGA than AGA pregnancies (p < .001 and p = .023, respectively). A subgroup analysis (in the LGA group) showed increased CT-1 concentrations only in diabetic pregnancies. PTX-3 and sCD36 concentrations were similar in LGA and AGA fetuses. In the LGA group, PTX-3 concentrations positively correlated with birth-weight (r = .416, p = .008) and respective sCD36 concentrations (r = .443, p = .004). CONCLUSION: Higher Titin concentrations in LGAs possibly represent a candidate molecular mechanism underlying the association between fetal macrosomia and cardiomyocyte/diastolic dysfunction. CT-1 is up-regulated only in LGAs exposed to maternal diabetes. PTX-3 and sCD36 are probably not affected by excessive fetal growth.
Prevalence and the influencing factors for critical situation of 6 579 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy is a kind of disease that seriously endangers the health of pregnant women and fetuses with high incidence. This study aims to analyze the prevalence of pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy and the influential factors for critical pregnant women, and to provide basis for intervention measures. METHODS: In an institution-based cross-sectional study, 100 683 pregnant women, who gave birth in all maternal and child health hospitals of Hunan Province from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2019, were collected, and 6 579 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy were monitored. All data were analyzed through SAS9.4 software. The basic situation, clinical data, outcome, and complications of pregnant women were analyzed, and the risk factors for critical pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy were analyzed. RESULTS: The prevalence rate of hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy was increased from 4.3% in 2012 to 7.1% in 2019, and the proportion of hypertensive disorder complicating pregnant women with complications in the hypertensive disorder complicating pregnant women was increased from 28.1% in 2012 to 83.7% in 2019. Elderly pregnant women accounted for 22.2%, married women accounted for 99.9%, women with university degree accounted for 49.5%, one pregnancy accounted for 38%, and zero delivery accounted for 63.5%. In the past, 18.4% of pregnant women had more than one cesarean section, accounting for 18.4%. About 99.0% of pregnant women had 5-10 antenatal check-ups, 72.6% had complications, and 93.8% were terminated when they were discharged. The first 3 complications were anemia in 2 355 cases (29.3%), gestational diabetes in 1 886 cases (23.4%), and subclinical hypothyroidism in 947 cases (11.8%). Logistic regression analysis showed that uterine rupture, placental abruption, placenta previa, anemia, and heart disease were independent risk factors for critical pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy is on the rise. Pregnancy examination should be enhanced to identify the complications such as hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes, and anemia. Prevention and treatment measures should be actively taken for uterine rupture, placental abruption, placenta previa, anemia, and heart disease.
Maternal and Child Health, Non-Communicable Diseases and Metabolites.; Mothers influence the health and disease trajectories of their children, particularly during the critical developmental windows of fetal and neonatal life reflecting the gestational-fetal and lactational-neonatal phases. As children grow and develop, they are exposed to various stimuli and insults, such as metabolites, that shape their physiology and metabolism to impact their health. Non-communicable diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer and mental illness, have high global prevalence and are increasing in incidence. Non-communicable diseases often overlap with maternal and child health. The maternal milieu shapes progeny outcomes, and some diseases, such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, have gestational origins. Metabolite aberrations occur from diets and physiological changes. Differential metabolite profiles can predict the onset of non-communicable diseases and therefore inform prevention and/or better treatment. In mothers and children, understanding the metabolite influence on health and disease can provide insights for maintaining maternal physiology and sustaining optimal progeny health over the life course. The role and interplay of metabolites on physiological systems and signaling pathways in shaping health and disease present opportunities for biomarker discovery and identifying novel therapeutic agents, particularly in the context of maternal and child health, and non-communicable diseases.
Early life programming of health and disease: The long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy.; The prevalence of overweight and obesity is rising in all parts of the world and, among young women, it presents a very clear danger during pregnancy. Women who are overweight or who gain excessive weight during pregnancy are at greater risk of complications in pregnancy and labour, and are more likely to lose their child to stillbirth or die themselves during pregnancy. This narrative review considers the evidence that, in addition to increasing risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, obesity has the capacity to programme foetuses to be at greater risk of cardiometabolic disorders later in life. An extensive body of evidence from prospective and retrospective cohorts, as well as record linkage studies, demonstrates associations of maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease, as well as type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Studies in animals suggest that these associations are underpinned by adaptations that occur in foetal life, which remodel the structures of major organs, including the brain, kidney and pancreas.
[Anesthetic aspects of the problem of morbid obesity in pregnancy].; The prevalence of morbid obesity has been grown at a very heart rate in developed countries during the last decades. Over-weight pregnant women make up a group of risk of such serious complications as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, increased frequency of Cesarean sections, and uterine inertia. Morbid obesity creates problems in anesthetic support. Obesity is associated with many physiological changes that compromise the adaptive ability in pregnant and delivering women. This review describes clinical and functional peculiarities of pregnancy, labor, and perioperative period in women with morbid obesity. Main physiological changes in these patients are described. Clinical aspects of the problem of practical significance for obstetricians/anesthetists are discussed.
Perinatal Complications in Individuals in California With or Without SARS-CoV-2 Infection During Pregnancy.; IMPORTANCE: Additional research from population-based studies is needed to inform the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy and to provide health risk information to pregnant individuals. OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection and to describe factors associated with hospitalizations. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study included 43 886 pregnant individuals with longitudinal electronic health record data from preconception to delivery who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California between March 1, 2020, and March 16, 2021. Individuals with diagnostic codes for COVID-19 that did not have a confirmatory polymerase chain reaction test for SARS-CoV-2 were excluded. EXPOSURES: SARS-CoV-2 infection detected by polymerase chain reaction test (from 30 days before conception to 7 days after delivery) as a time varying exposure. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Severe maternal morbidity including 21 conditions (eg, acute myocardial infarction, acute renal failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and sepsis) that occurred at any time during pregnancy or delivery; preterm birth; pregnancy hypertensive disorders; gestational diabetes; venous thromboembolism (VTE); stillbirth; cesarean delivery; and newborn birth weight and respiratory conditions. Standardized mean differences between individuals with and without SARS-CoV-2 were calculated. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for the association between SARS-CoV-2 infection and perinatal complications and hospitalization and to consider the timing of SARS-CoV-2 infection relative to outcomes. RESULTS: In this study of 43 886 pregnant individuals (mean [SD] age, 30.7 [5.2] years), individuals with a SARS-CoV-2 infection (1332 [3.0%]) were more likely to be younger, Hispanic, multiparous individuals with a higher neighborhood deprivation index and obesity or chronic hypertension. After adjusting for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, and smoking status, individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection had higher risk for severe maternal morbidity (HR, 2.45; 95% CI, 1.91-3.13), preterm birth (<37 weeks; HR, 2.08; 95% CI, 1.75-2.47), and VTE (HR, 3.08; 95% CI, 1.09-8.74) than individuals without SARS-CoV-2. SARS-CoV-2 infection was also associated with increased risk of medically indicated preterm birth (HR, 2.56; 95% CI, 2.06-3.19); spontaneous preterm birth (HR, 1.61; 95% CI, 1.22-2.13); and early (HR, 2.52; 95% CI, 1.49-4.24), moderate (HR, 2.18; 95% CI, 1.25-3.80), and late (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.61-2.37) preterm birth. Among individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 76 (5.7%) had a hospitalization; pregestational diabetes (HR, 7.03; 95% CI, 2.22-22.2) and Asian or Pacific Islander (HR, 2.33; 95% CI, 1.06-5.11) and Black (HR, 3.14; 95% CI, 1.24-7.93) race and ethnicity were associated with an increased risk of hospitalization. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, SARS-CoV-2 infection was associated with increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, and VTE. The study findings inform clinicians and patients about the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy and support vaccination of pregnant individuals and those planning conception.
Prevalence of selected risk behaviors and chronic diseases--Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 39 steps communities, United States, 2005.; PROBLEM: Behavioral risk factors (e.g., tobacco use, poor diet, and physical inactivity) can lead to chronic diseases. In 2005, of the 10 leading causes of death in the United States, seven (heart disease, cancer, stroke, chronic lower respiratory diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and kidney disease) were attributable to chronic disease. Chronic diseases also adversely affect the quality of life of an estimated 90 million persons in the United States, resulting in illness, disability, extended pain and suffering, and major limitations in daily living. REPORTING PERIOD COVERED: 2005. DESCRIPTION OF THE SYSTEM: CDC's Steps Program funds 40 selected U.S. communities to address six leading causes of death and disability and rising health-care costs in the United States: obesity, diabetes, asthma, physical inactivity, poor nutrition, and tobacco use. In 2005, a total of 39 Steps communities conducted a survey to collect adult health outcome data. The survey instrument was a modified version of the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey, a community-based, random-digit--dialing telephone survey with a multistage cluster design. The survey instrument collected information on health risk behaviors and preventive health practices among noninstitutionalized adults aged >/=18 years. RESULTS: Prevalence estimates of risk behaviors and chronic conditions varied among the 39 Steps communities that reported data for 2005. The proportion of the population that achieved Healthy People 2010 (HP 2010) objectives also varied among the communities. The estimated prevalence of obesity (defined as having a body mass index [BMI] of >/=30.0 kg/m(2) as calculated from self-reported weight and height) ranged from 15.6% to 44.0%. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of reducing the proportion of adults who are obese to 15.0%. The prevalence of diagnosed diabetes (excluding gestational diabetes) ranged from 4.3% to 16.6%. Eighteen communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have at least an annual foot examination to 75.0%; five communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have an annual dilated eye examination to 75.0%. The prevalence of reported asthma ranged from 7.0% to 17.6%. Among those who reported having asthma, the prevalence of having no symptoms of asthma during the preceding 30 days ranged from 15.4% to 40.3% for 10 communities with sufficient data for estimates. The prevalence of respondents who engaged in moderate physical activity for >/=30 minutes at least five times a week or who reported vigorous physical activity for >/=20 minutes at least three times a week ranged from 42.0% to 62.2%. The prevalence of consumption of fruits and vegetables at least five times a day ranged from 15.6% to 30.3%. The estimated prevalence among respondents aged >/=18 years who reported having smoked >/=100 cigarettes in their lifetime and who were current smokers on every day or some days at the time of the survey ranged from 11.0% to 39.7%. One community achieved the HP2010 objective to reduce the proportion of adults who smoke to 12.0%. Among smokers, the prevalence of having stopped smoking for >/=1 day as a result of trying to quit smoking during the previous 12 months ranged from 47.8% to 63.3% for 31 communities. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of increasing smoking cessation attempts by adult smokers to 75%. INTERPRETATION: The findings in this report indicate variations in health risk behaviors, chronic conditions, and use of preventive health screenings and health services. These findings underscore the continued need to evaluate intervention programs at the community level and to design and implement policies to reduce morbidity and mortality caused by chronic disease. PUBLIC HEALTH ACTION: Steps BRFSS data can be used to monitor the prevalence of specific health behaviors, diseases, conditions, and use of preventive health services. Steps Program staff at the national, state, local, and tribal levels can use BRFSS data to demonstrate accountability to stakeholders, monitor progress in meeting program objectives, focus programs on activities with the greatest promise of results, identify opportunities for strategic collaboration, and identify and disseminate successes and lessons learned.
Risk factors during first 1,000 days of life for carotid intima-media thickness in infants, children, and adolescents: A systematic review with meta-analyses.; BACKGROUND: The first 1,000 days of life, i.e., from conception to age 2 years, could be a critical period for cardiovascular health. Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis. We performed a systematic review with meta-analyses to assess (1) the relationship between exposures or interventions in the first 1,000 days of life and CIMT in infants, children, and adolescents; and (2) the CIMT measurement methods. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Systematic searches of Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE), Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were performed from inception to March 2019. Observational and interventional studies evaluating factors at the individual, familial, or environmental levels, for instance, size at birth, gestational age, breastfeeding, mode of conception, gestational diabetes, or smoking, were included. Quality was evaluated based on study methodological validity (adjusted Newcastle-Ottawa Scale if observational; Cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool if interventional) and CIMT measurement reliability. Estimates from bivariate or partial associations that were least adjusted for sex were used for pooling data across studies, when appropriate, using random-effects meta-analyses. The research protocol was published and registered on the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO; CRD42017075169). Of 6,221 reports screened, 50 full-text articles from 36 studies (34 observational, 2 interventional) totaling 7,977 participants (0 to 18 years at CIMT assessment) were retained. Children born small for gestational age had increased CIMT (16 studies, 2,570 participants, pooled standardized mean difference (SMD): 0.40 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.15 to 0.64, p: 0.001), I2: 83%). When restricted to studies of higher quality of CIMT measurement, this relationship was stronger (3 studies, 461 participants, pooled SMD: 0.64 (95% CI: 0.09 to 1.19, p: 0.024), I2: 86%). Only 1 study evaluating small size for gestational age was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies (ART) (3 studies, 323 participants, pooled SMD: 0.78 (95% CI: -0.20 to 1.75, p: 0.120), I2: 94%) or exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy (3 studies, 909 participants, pooled SMD: 0.12 (95% CI: -0.06 to 0.30, p: 0.205), I2: 0%) had increased CIMT, but the imprecision around the estimates was high. None of the studies evaluating these 2 factors was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Two studies evaluating the effect of nutritional interventions starting at birth did not show an effect on CIMT. Only 12 (33%) studies were at higher quality across all domains of CIMT reliability. The degree of confidence in results is limited by the low number of high-quality studies, the relatively small sample sizes, and the high between-study heterogeneity. CONCLUSIONS: In our meta-analyses, we found several risk factors in the first 1,000 days of life that may be associated with increased CIMT during childhood. Small size for gestational age had the most consistent relationship with increased CIMT. The associations with conception through ART or with smoking during pregnancy were not statistically significant, with a high imprecision around the estimates. Due to the large uncertainty in effect sizes and the limited quality of CIMT measurements, further high-quality studies are needed to justify intervention for primordial prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Atypical fetal response to the mother's voice in diabetic compared with overweight pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize fetal spontaneous heart rate changes and movements and auditory-elicited heart rate changes in fetuses in diabetic pregnancies compared with those in uneventful, overweight pregnancies. METHODS: Spontaneous heart rate and movements and maternal voice-elicited heart rate changes were observed in 46 mother-fetal pairs (n = 14 gestational diabetic and n = 32 overweight prepregnancy) at 36 (±1) weeks gestational age. Fetal heart rate changes, body movements, and breathing movements were observed for 20 minutes while the mother was at rest. Subsequently, each fetus was presented with a 2-minute audio recording of the mother's voice using the following 6-minute procedure: 2 minutes no-voice baseline, 2 minutes voice presentation, and 2 minutes no-voice postvoice period; heart rate was recorded continuously. RESULTS: There were no differences in spontaneous heart rate changes, body movements, or breathing movements between the 2 groups. Fetuses in the overweight group showed an increase in the heart rate during the playing of their mother's voice, whereas fetuses in the diabetic group showed no response. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses in overweight pregnancies responded to the mother's voice with an increase in the heart rate as has been reported previously in uneventful pregnancies. The lack of response to the mother's voice in fetuses in diabetic pregnancies may represent immature neural or auditory system development, an increased sensorineural threshold, and thyroid or iron deficiency.
Maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; BACKGROUND: Few prospective cohort studies have examined the association between maternal diabetes, including pre-pregnancy and gestational diabetes, and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in Asian offspring. METHODS: We examined the association between maternal diabetes and offspring CHD among 97,094 mother-singleton infant pairs in the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS) between January 2011 and March 2014. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of offspring CHD based on maternal diabetes (pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes) were estimated using logistic regression after adjusting for maternal age at delivery, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), maternal smoking habits, alcohol consumption, annual household income, and maternal education. The diagnosis of CHD in the offspring was ascertained from the transcript of medical records. RESULTS: The incidence of CHD in the offspring was 1,132. Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes, was associated with a higher risk of offspring CHD: multivariable OR (95%CI) = 1.81 (1.40-2.33) for maternal diabetes, 2.39 (1.05-5.42) for pre-pregnancy diabetes and 1.77 (1.36-2.30) for gestational diabetes. A higher risk of offspring CHD was observed in pre-pregnancy BMI ≥25.0 kg/m(2) (OR = 2.55, 95% CI: 1.74-3.75) than in pre-pregnancy BMI <25.0 kg/m(2) (OR = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.05-2.10, p for interaction = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy and gestational, was associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors: A Prospective Women's Heart Clinic Study.; Background Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and having a small-for-gestational-age baby are known to substantially increase a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease. Despite this, evidence for models of care that mitigate cardiovascular disease risk in women with these pregnancy-related conditions is lacking. Methods and Results A 6-month prospective cohort study assessed the effectiveness of a multidisciplinary Women's Heart Clinic on blood pressure and lipid control in women aged 30 to 55 years with a past pregnancy diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, or a small-for-gestational age baby in Melbourne, Australia. The co-primary end points were (1) blood pressure <140/90 mm Hg or <130/80 mm Hg if diabetes and (2) total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio <4.5. The study recruited 156 women with a mean age of 41.0±4.2 years, 3.9±2.9 years from last delivery, 68.6% White, 20.5% South/East Asian, and 80.5% university-educated. The proportion meeting blood pressure target increased (69.2% to 80.5%, P=0.004), with no significant change in lipid targets (80.6% to 83.7%, P=0.182). Systolic blood pressure (-6.9 mm Hg [95% CI, -9.1 to -4.7], P<0.001), body mass index (-0.6 kg/m(2) [95% CI, -0.8 to -0.3], P<0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-4.2 mg/dL [95% CI, -8.2 to -0.2], P=0.042), and total cholesterol (-4.6 mg/dL [95% CI, -9.1 to -0.2] P=0.042) reduced. Heart-healthy lifestyle significantly improved with increased fish/olive oil (36.5% to 51.0%, P=0.012), decreased fast food consumption (33.8% to 11.0%, P<0.001), and increased physical activity (84.0% to 92.9%, P=0.025). Conclusions Women at high risk for cardiovascular disease due to past pregnancy-related conditions experienced significant improvements in multiple cardiovascular risk factors after attending a Women's Heart Clinic, potentially improving long-term cardiovascular disease outcomes. Registration URL: https://www.anzctr.org.au; Unique identifier: ACTRN12622000646741.
How to stay heart healthy in 2011: considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.; More women die of cardiovascular disease than any other cause. Effective primary prevention depends on accurate assessment of risk status. While most risk factors are similar for men and women, risk factors may differ in magnitude between the sexes, and recognition of gender-specific risk factors such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome provides opportunities for early intervention and prevention. Obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia affect both genders; however, women often postpone addressing these risk factors until later in life. The American Heart Association emphasizes that all women are at cardiovascular risk and should maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid smoking. Blood pressure, hyperlipidemia and diabetes should be aggressively treated. Current available data regarding proposed preventive drug therapies including daily aspirin, HRT, vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements will be reviewed.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses.; Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45-1.95; P = 9.13 × 10(-12)], overweight (OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.21-1.85; P = 2.06 × 10(-4)), obesity (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18-1.33; P = 8.01 × 10(-13)), obesity class 1 (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17-1.46; P = 1.49 × 10(-6)), obesity class 2 (OR = 1.26; 95% CI: 1.16-1.37; P = 5.23 × 10(-8)), childhood obesity (OR = 1.33; 95% CI: 1.23-1.44; P = 4.06 × 10(-12)), and WHR (OR = 2.35; 95% CI: 1.44-3.83; P = 5.89 × 10(-4)) were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. No significant association was observed with obesity class 3, WC, HC, percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, or abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Similar results were observed in sensitivity analyses. Therefore, genetically predicted pre-pregnancy obesity traits may increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Weight control before pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent gestational diabetes.
Reproductive factors in relation to heart failure in women: A systematic review.; BACKGROUND: The biological mechanisms underlying the sex-related differences in risk of heart failure are still not well understood. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure in women. METHODS: A systematic review of the literature was conducted. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for publications on the following reproductive factors as potential risk factors for heart failure in women: age at menarche, duration and frequency of the menstrual cycle, reproductive lifespan, use of contraception, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy characteristics (e.g. parity), pregnancy complications (e.g. preeclampsia), induced abortion, history of breastfeeding, fertility status, use of assisted reproductive methods, hysterectomy, age at menopause, and use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT). RESULTS: Twenty-one studies were eligible for inclusion. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders, preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, shorter reproductive duration, and early menopause were risk factors for heart failure in women. It was suggested that PCOS, fertility therapy, gestational diabetes, and age at first pregnancy were not related to risk of heart failure, but a potential relation cannot be fully excluded as most studies were not of sufficient quality. Conflicting results were found for the associations between risk of heart failure and hysterectomy, gravidity and parity, and HRT. CONCLUSION: Although some reproductive factors were considered risk factors for heart failure in women, the results were mostly conflicting or inconclusive. Further research is needed to confirm and expand the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure.
[Risk factors for congenital heart disease in Chinese neonates: a Meta analysis].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the major risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD) in Chinese neonates and to provide a reference for the prevention of CHD. METHODS: A literature search was performed to collect the case-control studies on the risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates published in 2001-2016. The relevant data were extracted accordingly. The quality of included studies was assessed by Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Sensitivity analysis was conducted using different models to analyze the same data. The publication bias was assessed by Egger's test. RESULTS: A total of 17 case-control studies involving 2 930 cases and 4 952 controls were included. The Meta analysis showed that the major risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates were as follows: mother with advanced age (OR=2.649, 95%CI: 1.675-4.189), cold or fever (OR=4.558, 95%CI: 2.901-7.162), medication use in early pregnancy (OR=3.961, 95%CI: 2.816-5.573), passive smoking (OR=2.766, 95%CI: 1.982-3.859), abnormal childbearing history (OR=2.992, 95%CI: 1.529-5.856), noise exposure (OR=3.030, 95%CI: 1.476-6.217), radiation exposure (OR=2.363, 95%CI: 1.212-4.607), decoration (OR=4.979, 95%CI: 3.240-7.653), gestational diabetes (OR=5.090, 95%CI: 3.132-8.274), and pet raising (OR=2.048, 95%CI: 1.385-3.029). CONCLUSIONS: Mothers with advanced age, cold or fever, medication use in early pregnancy, passive smoking, abnormal childbearing history, noise exposure, radiation exposure, decoration, gestational diabetes, and pet raising may increase the risk of CHD in Chinese neonates.
Preconception metabolic indicators predict gestational diabetes and offspring birthweight.; Pregnancy conditions such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and macrosomia lead to an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring, perpetuating a cycle of poor health. We hypothesized that (1) pre-pregnancy indicators of metabolism would be associated with GDM and birthweight; and (2) the lipid accumulation product (LAP; incorporating waist circumference and triglycerides) and visceral adiposity index (VAI; incorporating waist circumference, triglycerides, and HDL-c) would be better predictors of GDM and birthweight than other indicators. Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked to the Finnish birth registry for 349 women. BMI, triglycerides, waist circumference, insulin, HOMA-IR, LAP, and VAI at the visit prior to the pregnancy were examined as predictors of GDM and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) using logistic regression with adjustment for age, parity, and smoking. Waist circumference was the strongest predictor of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.16-2.38) and LGA (aOR 1.41, 1.00-1.99). For GDM, all markers had similar discrimination; for LGA, the area under the receiver operating curve for waist circumference was significantly higher than for BMI (p < 0.01). This analysis suggests that pregnancy and even offspring health is affected by risk factors outside the immediate time period of pregnancy.
Metabolic syndrome and the menopause.; The metabolic syndrome consists of a combination of risk factors that include abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidaemia, hypertension and insulin resistance. It increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The increased risk of cardiovascular disease is higher in women than in men. The first manifestation of metabolic syndrome may occur in pregnancy presenting as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. Both conditions are associated with increased insulin resistance. Also metabolic syndrome is more common in polycystic ovarian syndrome. It has been suggested that there is a metabolic syndrome resulting from the menopause due to estrogen deficiency, as many of the risk factors are more prevalent in postmenopausal women. Also estrogen replacement improves insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of diabetes. The key elements in managing the metabolic syndrome are weight reduction, increasing physical activity and diet modification. If blood pressure, lipid and glycaemic control are not achieved through these interventions then pharmacological therapy will be required.
Infants of diabetic mothers with abnormal fetal growth missed by standard growth charts.; Diabetic pregnancies may result in fetal macrosomia when glycaemia is poorly controlled, and when associated with diabetic vasculopathy, with small for gestational age (SGA) neonates. Both groups of infants have high neonatal morbidity. As fetal growth depends on maternal genetic influences, ethnic group or parity, relying exclusively on population-based growth charts may wrongly categorise the growth pattern of these infants. We compared neonatal morbidity and mortality of a cohort of 214 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM), identified either by population standards or by customised birth weight percentiles (adjusted for maternal height, booking weight, parity, ethnic origin, gestational age at delivery and sex). A total of 68 (31.8%) were diagnosed with macrosomia, 11 (16%) of whom were identified by the customised growth method alone, and 16 were diagnosed as SGA (7.5%), of whom the majority (13 or 81.2%) were identified by the customised growth method alone. None had increased mortality and morbidity.
Adverse effects of Hif1a mutation and maternal diabetes on the offspring heart.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies show that maternal diabetes predisposes offspring to cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. However, the precise mechanisms for the underlying penetrance and disease predisposition remain poorly understood. We examined whether hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha, in combination with exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment, influences the function and molecular structure of the adult offspring heart. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a mouse model, we demonstrated that haploinsufficient (Hif1a(+/-)) offspring from a diabetic pregnancy developed left ventricle dysfunction at 12 weeks of age, as manifested by decreased fractional shortening and structural remodeling of the myocardium. Transcriptional profiling by RNA-seq revealed significant transcriptome changes in the left ventricle of diabetes-exposed Hif1a(+/-) offspring associated with development, metabolism, apoptosis, and blood vessel physiology. In contrast, both wild type and Hif1a(+/-) offspring from diabetic pregnancies showed changes in immune system processes and inflammatory responses. Immunohistochemical analyses demonstrated that the combination of haploinsufficiency of Hif1a and exposure to maternal diabetes resulted in impaired macrophage infiltration, increased levels of advanced glycation end products, and changes in vascular homeostasis in the adult offspring heart. CONCLUSIONS: Together our findings provide evidence that a global reduction in Hif1a gene dosage increases predisposition of the offspring exposed to maternal diabetes to cardiac dysfunction, and also underscore Hif1a as a critical factor in the fetal programming of adult cardiovascular disease.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: Excessive gestational weight gain and obesity.; Metabolic and behavioral changes that occur during pregnancy have well-known effects on maternal and fetal health during the immediate pregnancy and now are thought to be a catalyst for future health throughout later life. Recommendations for appropriate gestational weight gain (GWG) and lifestyle modifications during pregnancy have changed throughout history as more is known about this crucial time. Herein we discuss the current GWG recommendations and the impact of pregnancy and excess GWG gain on the current and future health of women and children including risk of obesity, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome.
Multigenerational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) changes the maternal metabolic and uterine environment, thus increasing the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Children of mothers who have GDM during their pregnancy are more likely to develop Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), early-onset cardiovascular disease and GDM when they themselves become pregnant, perpetuating a multigenerational increased risk of metabolic disease. The negative effect of GDM is exacerbated by maternal obesity, which induces a greater derangement of fetal adipogenesis and growth. Multiple factors, including genetic, epigenetic and metabolic, which interact with lifestyle factors and the environment, are likely to contribute to the development of GDM. Genetic factors are particularly important, with 30% of women with GDM having at least one parent with T2D. Fetal epigenetic modifications occur in response to maternal GDM, and may mediate both multi- and transgenerational risk. Changes to the maternal metabolome in GDM are primarily related to fatty acid oxidation, inflammation and insulin resistance. These might be effective early biomarkers allowing the identification of women at risk of GDM prior to the development of hyperglycaemia. The impact of the intra-uterine environment on the developing fetus, "developmental programming", has a multisystem effect, but its influence on adipogenesis is particularly important as it will determine baseline insulin sensitivity, and the response to future metabolic challenges. Identifying the critical window of metabolic development and developing effective interventions are key to our ability to improve population metabolic health.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated Fatty acids in gestational diabetes: consequences in macrosomia and adulthood obesity.; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are increasingly being used to prevent cardiovascular diseases, including diabetes and obesity. In this paper, we report data on the observed effects of omega-3 PUFA on major metabolic disorders and immune system disruption during gestational diabetes and their consequences on macrosomia. While controversies still exist about omega-3 PUFA effects on antioxidant status regarding the level of omega-3 PUFA in diet supplementation, their lipid-lowering effects are unanimously recognized by researchers. Animal studies have shown that omega-3 PUFA contributes to the maintenance of the immune defense system by promoting the differentiation of T helper (Th) cell to a Th2 phenotype in diabetic pregnancy and by shifting the Th1/Th2 ratio from a deleterious proinflammatory Th1 phenotype to a protective anti-inflammatory Th2 phenotype in macrosomia and in adulthood obesity that results from macrosomia at birth. Based on the available evidence, international nutritional and food agencies recommend administration of omega-3 PUFA as triglyceride-lowering agents, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease risk and during human pregnancy and lactation. Furthermore, studies targeting humans are still required to explore application of the fatty acids as supplement in the management of gestational diabetes and inflammatory and immune diseases.
Insulin resistance syndrome.; Insulin resistance can be linked to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease and other abnormalities. These abnormalities constitute the insulin resistance syndrome. Because resistance usually develops long before these diseases appear, identifying and treating insulin-resistant patients has potentially great preventive value. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a history of diabetes in first-degree relatives; patients with a personal history of gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome or impaired glucose tolerance; and obese patients, particularly those with abdominal obesity. Present treatment consists of sensible lifestyle changes, including weight loss to attain healthy body weight, 30 minutes of accumulated moderate-intensity physical activity per day and increased dietary fiber intake. Pharmacotherapy is not currently recommended for patients with isolated insulin resistance.
Recognizing pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risk factors.; Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, or pregnancy-induced hypertension identify a woman at risk for cardiovascular disease. This information should be incorporated into the routine cardiovascular risk assessment for women, as a basis for appropriate risk factor screening, counseling, and preventive interventions. There is need for development and validation of a clinometric tool to assess cardiovascular risk and guide management.
Sleep-disordered breathing and future cardiovascular disease risk.; Sleep-disordered breathing occurs in 0.6-15% of reproductive age women. This condition is associated with an increased lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality. A substantial body of evidence demonstrated increased perinatal morbidity among pregnancies affected by SDB including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. These same conditions are predictive of later cardiovascular disease. Treatment of SDB has been demonstrated to decrease future cardiovascular events and mortality. Screening at-risk individuals in the perinatal period can identify women with SDB, who can benefit from treatment. Continuous positive airway pressure and lifestyle interventions can decrease subsequent adverse cardiovascular health outcomes.
Analysis of maternal and fetal cardiovascular systems during hyperglycemic pregnancy in the nonobese diabetic mouse.; Preconception or gestationally induced diabetes increases morbidities and elevates long-term cardiovascular disease risks in women and their children. Spontaneously hyperglycemic (d)-NOD/ShiLtJ female mice, a type 1 diabetes model, develop bradycardia and hypotension after midpregnancy compared with normoglycemic, age- and gestational day (GD)-matched control (c-NOD) females. We hypothesized that onset of the placental circulation at GD 9-10 and rapid fetal growth from GD 14 correlate with aberrant hemodynamic outcomes in d-NOD females. To develop further gestational time-course correlations between maternal cardiac and renal parameters, high-frequency ultrasonography was applied to d- and c-NOD mice (virgin and at GD 8-16). Cardiac output and left ventricular (LV) mass increased in c-NOD but not in d-NOD mice. Ultrasound and postmortem histopathology showed overall greater LV dilation in d-NOD than in c-NOD mice at mid to late gestation. These changes suggest blunted remodeling and altered functional adaptation of d-NOD hearts. Umbilical cord ultrasounds revealed lower fetal heart rates from GD 12 and lower umbilical flow velocities at GD 14 and GD 16 in d-NOD versus c-NOD pregnancies. From GD 14 to GD 16, d-NOD fetal losses exceeded c-NOD fetal losses. Similar aberrant responses in pregnancies of women with diabetes may elevate postpartum maternal and child cardiovascular risk, particularly if mothers lack adequate prenatal care or have poor glycemic control during gestation.
Fetal heart rate spectral analysis in raw signals and PRSA-derived curve: normal and pathological fetuses discrimination.; Cardiotocography (CTG) is the most common technique for electronic fetal monitoring and consists of the simultaneous recording of fetal heart rate (FHR) and uterine contractions. In analogy with the adult case, spectral analysis of the FHR signal can be used to assess the functionality of the autonomic nervous system. To do so, several methods can be employed, each of which has its strengths and limitations. This paper aims at performing a methodological investigation on FHR spectral analysis adopting 4 different spectrum estimators and a novel PRSA-based spectral method. The performances have been evaluated in terms of the ability of the various methods to detect changes in the FHR in two common pregnancy complications: intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and gestational diabetes. A balanced dataset containing 2178 recordings distributed between the 32nd and 38th week of gestation was used. The results show that the spectral method derived from the PRSA better differentiates high-risk pregnancies vs. controls compared to the others. Specifically, it more robustly detects an increase in power percentage within the movement frequency band and a decrease in high frequency between pregnancies at high risk in comparison to those at low risk.
Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor.; Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor (RUPI-L) is a clinical condition that refers to alterations in the fetal oxygen "demand-supply" equation caused by the onset of regular uterine activity. The term RUPI-L indicates a condition of "relative" uteroplacental insufficiency which is relative to a specific stressful circumstance, such as the onset of regular uterine activity. RUPI-L may be more prevalent in fetuses in which the ratio between the fetal oxygen supply and demand is already slightly reduced, such as in cases of subclinical placental insufficiency, post-term pregnancies, gestational diabetes, and other similar conditions. Prior to the onset of regular uterine activity, fetuses with a RUPI-L may present with normal features on the cardiotocography. However, with the onset of uterine contractions, these fetuses start to manifest abnormal fetal heart rate patterns which reflect the attempt to maintain adequate perfusion to essential central organs during episodes of transient reduction in oxygenation. If labor is allowed to continue without an appropriate intervention, progressively more frequent, and stronger uterine contractions may result in a rapid deterioration of the fetal oxygenation leading to hypoxia and acidosis. In this Commentary, we introduce the term relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor and highlight the pathophysiology, as well as the common features observed in the fetal heart rate tracing and clinical implications.
Obstructive sleep apnea and pregnancy: the effect on perinatal outcomes.; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction, resulting in hypoxemia, hypercapnia and sleep fragmentation. Pathophysiological sequelae include sympathetic activation, increased oxidative stress and a generalized inflammatory response, culminating in endothelial dysfunction. These are the proposed mechanisms that mediate the increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease among patients with OSA outside of pregnancy. It is intriguing to consider the consequences of these events on pregnancy outcomes. There is a growing literature on the impact of maternal OSA on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes and impaired fetal growth. The data, while promising, require confirmation with larger numbers to verify the findings. OSA may be an important mediator of the poor perinatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity; moreover, one which may be amenable to treatment. This review discusses OSA and summarizes the current literature linking OSA with adverse perinatal outcomes.
Non-Invasive Myocardial Work Indices in Infants Born to Mothers With Diabetes in Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: This study used echocardiography to investigate non-invasive myocardial work (MCW) indices in infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy (gestational DM: GDM), including those diagnosed under novel classification criteria and those with pre-existing DM. METHODS AND RESULTS: This single-centered, retrospective study included 25 infants born to mothers with GDM (termed "infant with GDM"), which was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test results during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes before the current pregnancy. We evaluated the relationship between the infant's MCW, such as global constructive work (GCW), global work index (GWI), global work efficiency (GWE), and global wasted work (GWW), and the mother's GDM maximal HbA1c during pregnancy. HbA1c level in GDM significantly negatively correlated with GWI* (r=-0.565) and GCW* (r=-0.641). In infants with GDM, GWI and GCW were significantly higher with <6.5% HbA1c than in those with >6.5% HbA1c GDM; however, the specific-layer global longitudinal strain analyses did not show any significant differences between the groups. The pressure-strain loop in infants with >6.5% HbA1c in GDM tended to be smaller than in those infants with <6.5% HbA1c GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The hyperglycemic environment of GDM leads to impaired MCW in the infants. MCW is useful for screening for cardiac illnesses among infants with GDM. Appropriate maternal blood glucose management while maintaining HbA1c <6.5% might be beneficial for the cardiac performance of infants with GDM.
Impact of maternal diabetes exposure on soluble adhesion molecules in the offspring.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Soluble adhesion molecules are associated with cardiovascular disease and increased in individuals with diabetes. This study assesses the impact of diabetes exposure in utero on the abundance of circulating adhesion molecules in cord serum and soluble adhesion molecules released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) exposed to high glucose concentrations. METHODS AND RESULTS: Women with and without diabetes were recruited. DM was diagnosed based on the American Diabetes Association criteria. Primary cultures of HUVEC were cultured in 5 mM and 25 mM glucose with 25 mM mannitol osmotic control. The soluble adhesion molecules, intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and E-selectin were measured by ELISA in the cord blood serum and conditioned HUVEC media. The mothers with DM were older with higher BMI (p = 0.027 and 0.008, respectively). In a fully adjusted model, VCAM was significantly increased in the cord serum of infants born to mothers with diabetes (p = 0.046), but ICAM and E-selectin were not different. ICAM was also significantly correlated with maternal HbA1c (r(2) = 0.16, p = 0.004) and cord serum non-esterified fatty acids (r(2) = 0.08, p = 0.013). From the HUVEC media, the abundance of adhesion molecules was not different based on DM or high glucose exposure; however, VCAM abundance in the HUVEC supernatant was significantly correlated with ICAM (r(2) = 0.27, p = 0.010) and cord serum c-peptide (R(2) = 0.19, p = 0.043). CONCLUSIONS: Alterations in soluble adhesion molecule abundance in infants exposed to the diabetic milieu of pregnancy may reflect early alterations in vascular function predicting future cardiovascular disease.
NuMoM2b Sleep-Disordered Breathing study: objectives and methods.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy of the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b) is to determine whether sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: NuMoM2b is a prospective cohort study of 10,037 nulliparous women with singleton gestations that was conducted across 8 sites with a central Data Coordinating and Analysis Center. The Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy recruited 3702 women from the cohort to undergo objective, overnight in-home assessments of sleep disordered breathing. A standardized level 3 home sleep test was performed between 6(0)-15(0) weeks' gestation (visit 1) and again between 22(0)-31(0) weeks' gestation (visit 3). Scoring of tests was conducted by a central Sleep Reading Center. Participants and their health care providers were notified if test results met "urgent referral" criteria that were based on threshold levels of apnea hypopnea indices, oxygen saturation levels, or electrocardiogram abnormalities but were not notified of test results otherwise. The primary pregnancy outcomes to be analyzed in relation to maternal sleep disordered breathing are preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction, and preterm birth. RESULTS: Objective data were obtained at visit 1 on 3261 women, which was 88.1% of the studies that were attempted and at visit 3 on 2511 women, which was 87.6% of the studies that were attempted. Basic characteristics of the substudy cohort are reported in this methods article. CONCLUSION: The substudy was designed to address important questions regarding the relationship of sleep-disordered breathing on the risk of preeclampsia and other outcomes of relevance to maternal and child health.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: a national cohort.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy and the obesity epidemic impacting women of reproductive age appear to predispose women to obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy. The aim of this study is to examine the association between OSA and adverse maternal outcomes in a national cohort. METHODS: The National Perinatal Information Center in the US was used to identify women with a delivery discharge diagnosis of OSA from 2010 to 2014. We used the International Classification of Diseases, ninth Revision to classify OSA diagnosis and maternal outcomes. MEASUREMENTS: The sample consisted of 1,577,632 gravidas with a rate of OSA of 0.12% (N = 1963). There was a significant association between OSA and preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94-2.54), eclampsia (aOR 2.95, 1.08-8.02), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.51, 1.34-1.72) after adjusting for a comprehensive list of covariates which includes maternal obesity. OSA status was also associated with a 2.5-3.5-fold increase in risk of severe complications such as cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. Length of hospital stay was significantly longer (5.1 + 5.6 vs 3.0 + 3.0 days, p < 0.001) and odds of an admission to an intensive care unit higher (aOR 2.74, 2.36-3.18) in women with OSA. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to pregnant women without OSA, pregnant women with OSA have a significantly higher risk of pregnancy-specific complications such as gestational hypertensive conditions and gestational diabetes, and rare medical and surgical complications such as cardiomyopathy, pulmonary edema, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. OSA diagnosis was also associated with a longer hospital stay and significantly increased odds for admission to the intensive care unit.
Treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome with insulin-lowering agents.; Early diagnosis and therapy of the underlying insulin resistance of heritable polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), often manifested at menarche, facilitate the reduction and/or reversal of the reproductive and metabolic morbidity of PCOS, as well as reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. PCOS is characterised by oligoamenorrhoea, clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, infertility, recurrent miscarriage, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia, gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, Type 2 diabetes, morbid obesity, hypertension, hypofibrinolysis, hypertriglyceridaemia, low levels of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and a sevenfold risk increase in cardiovascular disease. Insulin sensitising-lowering agents reduce insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia, reverse PCOS endocrinopathy and ameliorate the reproductive, metabolic and cardiovascular morbidity of the disorder. The largest literature on the subject discusses metformin. Improved pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS receiving metformin may be attributed to its ability to reduce insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia and hypofibrinolytic plasminogen activator inhibitor activity by the enhancement of folliculogenesis and improvement of oocyte quality.
Polycystic ovary syndrome in type 2 diabetes: does it predict a more severe phenotype?; OBJECTIVE: To examine the prevalence of a history of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women with type 2 diabetes (DM2) and to compare metabolic and reproductive outcomes between women with and without PCOS. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Tertiary hospital. PATIENT(S): Female inpatients age 18-75 years with DM2. INTERVENTION(S): A face-to-face questionnaire was administered. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Age at diagnosis of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, and reproductive history, fertility history, number of miscarriages, and morbidity in pregnancy. RESULT(S): One hundred seventy-one inpatients with DM2 participated. The prevalence of a history of PCOS was 37%. Women with PCOS had an earlier mean age of diagnosis of DM2 (44.2 vs. 48.8 years), higher recalled peak body mass index (BMI; 43.1 kg/m(2) vs. 36.8 kg/m(2)), higher rate of gestational diabetes (28% vs. 18%), and higher rate of hypertension in pregnancy (40% vs. 22%). Women with PCOS were less likely to have a family history of DM2 than those without PCOS (45% vs. 67%). CONCLUSION(S): A history of PCOS in women with DM2 is associated with earlier onset of DM2, higher BMI, and a more severe phenotype. Since PCOS subjects were less likely to have a family history of DM2, lack of a family history of DM2 in women with PCOS is not reassuring for DM2 risk. We recommend identifying PCOS in early life and intervening to reduce the risk of diabetes and its comorbidities and suboptimal reproductive outcomes.
Impact of Gender on Type II Diabetes Glycemic and Cardiovascular Markers Control and Treatment.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Type II Diabetes (T2D) is considered a major health burden locally, regionally and internationally. Gender differences in T2D prevalence were found in several epidemiological and observational studies. The primary goal of this study was to assess the prevalence of T2D-related comorbidities and treatment modalities and the impact of gender. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study that was conducted between June of 2013 and July of 2016 for patients with T2D at the 2 main outpatient diabetes clinics in Taif city, Saudi Arabia. Those with type I diabetes, gestational diabetes and drug-induced diabetes were excluded. RESULT: A total of 945 patients with a mean age of 58.4±11.8 years with a nearly equal distribution among both genders but with slightly more male predominance (52.2%). When compared to females, male patients were more likely to be older (p<0.001) and exhibit a longer T2D duration (P 0.003), lower mean BMI (p<0.001), lower systolic blood pressure (P 0.062), higher diastolic blood pressure (P 0.468), less likely to have hypertension and be on ACE/ARB blockers (P 0.065 and 0.019, respectively), more likely to have hyperlipidemia and be on a statin (P 0.065 and 0.124, respectively), and more likely to have cardiac disease and stroke and to be on beta-blockers (P 0.005, 0.279, 0.005, respectively). CONCLUSION: Both genders exhibited comparable HbA1c levels. Medical treatment optimization along with controlling both measured cardiovascular makers and laboratory result levels was based on comorbidities and complications rather than gender.
Continuous glucose monitoring system and new era of early diagnosis of diabetes in high risk groups.; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems are an emerging technology that allows frequent glucose measurements to monitor glucose trends in real time. Their use as a diagnostic tool is still developing and appears to be promising. Combining intermittent glucose self-monitoring (SGM) and CGM combines the benefits of both. Significant improvement in the treatment modalities that may prevent the progress of prediabetes to diabetes have been achieved recently and dictates screening of high risk patients for early diagnosis and management of glycemic abnormalities. The use of CGMS in the diagnosis of early dysglycemia (prediabetes) especially in high risk patients appears to be an attractive approach. In this review we searched the literature to investigate the value of using CGMS as a diagnostic tool compared to other known tools, namely oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and measurement of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) in high risk groups. Those categories of patients include adolescents and adults with obesity especially those with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCO), gestational diabetes, cystic fibrosis, thalassemia major, acute coronary syndrome (ACS), and after renal transplantation. It appears that the ability of the CGMS for frequently monitoring (every 5 min) glucose changes during real-life settings for 3 to 5 days stretches the chance to detect more glycemic abnormalities during basal and postprandial conditions compared to other short-timed methods.
Successful treatment of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy with tissue plasminogen activator.; A 30-year-old woman had an acute inferior wall myocardial infarction at 21 weeks' gestation and was successfully treated with intravenous tissue plasminogen activator. This case demonstrates that good perinatal outcome is possible after thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction complicating the second trimester of pregnancy.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic disorders: A review of the literature.; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common female endocrinopathies and is a leading cause of infertility. The syndrome derives its name from the pathological appearance of the ovary in women with menstrual irregularities and hyperandrogenism. Its symptoms appear as early as adolescence in the form of amenorrhea, hirsutism and obesity. The majority of patients are overweight, obese or of normal weight, but metabolically obese. The prevalence of PCOS is on the increase and is associated with a significantly higher risk of various metabolic disorders including cardiovascular disease (CVD), Type2 diabetes (T2DM), gestational diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and different types of cancer, including endometrial and possibly ovarian cancer, especially if associated with hyperinsulinaemia. In contrast, in women with PCOS who have normal insulin levels, it is likely that genetics, inflammation, oxidative stress and possible interaction with environmental factors are present that link these women to metabolic disorders. The mechanism of PCOS is not well understood and this review aims to provide a detailed description of the mechanism underlying the development of PCOS and associated metabolic disorders with a full description of all possible scenarios associating PCOS to metabolic disorders, as well as an epidemiological overview regarding the relationship between these metabolic disorders and PCOS.
Evaluation of Referral Pattern for Fetal Echocardiography at a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India and Its Implications.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the referral pattern for fetal echocardiography (FE) at our tertiary referral center for pediatric cardiac care in northern India. We also aimed to determine the incidence of CHD in each group and intend to highlight the need of identifying the various risk factors and appropriate timely referral of patients for detailed evaluation. METHODS: This is a prospective study including 201 consecutive patients referred for fetal echo to our center. Data collected included referral indication, gestational age, maternal age, the gravida, and the final diagnosis after detailed fetal echo. Various indications that were evaluated included maternal diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), echogenic cardiac nodule, abnormal four chamber on ultrasound, other extra-cardiac abnormalities detected on ultrasound, and twin pregnancies or IVF conceptions. Some women had opted for fetal echo electively and they were defined as self referral. RESULTS: The mean gestational age of referral was 24 ± 5 weeks. Out of these, 196 had specific referral indication while five were self referrals. The most common indication for referral was echogenic cardiac foci. CHD was diagnosed in 38 (19 %) patients. Indication that yielded the highest number of CHD cases was cardiac abnormality on USG. The mean gestational age at referral in those detected to have CHD was 27 ± 4 weeks. The commonest CHD detected was tiny VSD, while most of the complex CHD's were diagnosed in those referred for cardiac abnormality on USG. CONCLUSION: CHD detection is highest in those referred for abnormal cardiac imaging on USG, and hence a careful assessment of fetal heart during routine prenatal screening would increase the CHD detection markedly. Nuchal translucency needs to be measured accurately and those with value greater that 99th centile should be referred for FE. Mothers with pre-gestational diabetes should have a FE prior to 20 weeks to rule out CHD. A FE scan in third trimester is indicated in diabetic females (gestational and pre-gestational) if the glycemic control is poor evidenced by HbA1c > 6 %. Timely referral is absolutely essential so that appropriate counseling of the parents can be done.
Epidemiology of Diabetes and Hearing Loss.; Hearing loss is a highly prevalent chronic condition. In addition to age, sex, noise exposure, and genetic predisposition, cardiovascular disease and its antecedents may precipitate hearing loss. Of emerging interest is the connection between diabetes and auditory dysfunction. Cross-sectional studies consistently suggest that prevalence of hearing loss is higher in persons with diabetes compared with those without diabetes, especially among younger persons. Furthermore, longitudinal studies have demonstrated higher incidence of hearing loss in persons with diabetes compared to those without diabetes. These findings seem to hold for both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, although considerably more population-based evidence is available for type 2 diabetes. Data on gestational diabetes and hearing outcomes are limited, as are data relating diabetes to otologic sequelae such as fungal infection. Here, we examine evidence from epidemiologic studies of diabetes and hearing loss and consider clinical and laboratory data where population-based data are lacking.
Aorta structural alterations in term neonates: the role of birth and maternal characteristics.; AIM: To evaluate the influence of selected maternal and neonatal characteristics on aorta walls in term, appropriately grown-for-gestational age newborns. METHODS: Age, parity, previous abortions, weight, height, body mass index before and after delivery, smoking, and history of hypertension, of diabetes, of cardiovascular diseases, and of dyslipidemia were all assessed in seventy mothers. They delivered 34 males and 36 females healthy term newborns who underwent ultrasound evaluation of the anteroposterior infrarenal abdominal aorta diameter (APAO), biochemical profile (glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, and D-dimers homeostasis model assessment [HOMAIR]index), and biometric parameters. RESULTS: APAO was related to newborn length (r = +0.36; P = 0.001), head circumference (r = +0.37; P = 0.001), gestational age (r = +0.40, P = 0.0005), HOMA index (r = +0.24; P = 0.04), and D-dimers (r = +0.33, P = 0.004). Smoke influenced APAO values (odds ratio: 1.80; confidence interval 95%: 1.05-3.30), as well as diabetes during pregnancy (r = +0.42, P = 0.0002). Maternal height influenced neonatal APAO (r = +0.47, P = 0.00003). Multiple regression analysis outlined neonatal D-dimers as still significantly related to neonatal APAO values. CONCLUSIONS: Many maternal and neonatal characteristics could influence aorta structures. Neonatal D-dimers are independently related to APAO.
Epidemiology of diabetes and diabetic complications in China.; The People's Republic of China (herein referred to as China) has witnessed one of the most dramatic rises in diabetes prevalence anywhere in the world. The latest epidemiological study suggests that approximately 11% of the population has diabetes, with a significant proportion remaining undiagnosed. Risk factors for diabetes in the Chinese population are similar to those in other populations, though gestational diabetes and young-onset diabetes is becoming increasingly common. Data on the prevalence of diabetic complications remain limited, though cardio-renal complications account for significant morbidity and mortality. Other diabetes-related comorbidities are becoming increasingly common, with cancer emerging as a major cause of mortality among individuals with diabetes. There are many challenges and obstacles that impede effective diabetes prevention and the delivery of care, though much progress has occurred over recent years. Lessons learnt from how China has responded to the challenges posed by the diabetes epidemic will be invaluable for other countries facing the many threats of diabetes and its complications.
Impact of maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To compare longitudinal maternal hemodynamic changes throughout gestation between different groups stratified according to weight at presentation and assess the relative influence of height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation. METHODS: This was a prospective, longitudinal study assessing maternal hemodynamics using bioreactance technology at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6, 19 + 0 to 24 + 0, 30 + 0 to 34 + 0 and 35 + 0 to 37 + 0 weeks' gestation. Women were divided into three groups according to maternal weight at presentation at the first visit at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks: Group 1, &lt; 60.0 kg (n = 421); Group 2, 60.0-79.7 kg (n = 904); Group 3, &gt; 79.7 kg (n = 427). A multilevel linear mixed-effects model was used to compare the repeated measures of hemodynamic variables, correcting for demographics, medical and obstetric history, pregnancy complications, maternal weight and time of evaluation. The linear mixed-effects model was then repeated using maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain Z-scores, and the standardized coefficients were used to evaluate the relative impact of each of these demographic parameters on longitudinal changes of maternal hemodynamics. RESULTS: Compared with Group 1, women in Group 3 demonstrated higher cardiac output (CO), heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) throughout pregnancy. Groups 2 and 3 had higher stroke volume (SV) than Group 1 at the first visit, but their SV plateaued between the first and second visits and demonstrated an earlier significant decrease from the second visit to the third visit when compared with Group 1. Compared with Groups 1 and 2, there was a higher prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes in Group 3. Maternal height was the most important contributor to CO, peripheral vascular resistance (PVR), SV and HR, while weight at presentation was the most important contributor to MAP. Gestational weight gain was the second most important characteristic influencing the longitudinal changes of PVR and SV. CONCLUSIONS: Women with greater weight at presentation have a pathological hemodynamic profile, with higher CO, HR and MAP compared to women with lower weight at presentation. Height is the main determinant of CO, SV, HR and PVR, weight is the main determinant of MAP, and gestational weight gain is the second most important determinant of SV and PVR. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Fetal Heart Rate Decelerations in Women with Sleep-Disordered Breathing.; Emerging literature has shown that women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) have increased risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Case reports suggest an association between maternal apnea and fetal heart rate deceleration but data are lacking on how maternal sleep impacts fetal health. Since decelerations may be associated with adverse outcomes, we sought to determine whether fetal heart rate decelerations were associated with SDB. A cohort study of third trimester pregnant women with a singleton fetus was conducted. Participants underwent a home sleep test with continuous portable electronic fetal monitoring. SDB was defined as a respiratory disturbance index (RDI)≥10 events/hour. The temporality between a respiratory event and fetal heart rate decelerations was determined to be present if a deceleration occurred < 30 s after a respiratory event. Forty women were included with mean (±SD) age, BMI, and gestational age of 32.0±5.5 years, 37.1±8.0 kg/m(2), and 34.6±2.4 weeks respectively. Overall, n=23 (57.5%) women had SDB. Thirty-seven late decelerations were observed in 18 women; of these, 84% were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Nine of the 18 women (50%) had SDB. Ten prolonged decelerations were observed in 6 women of which nine (90%) were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Five of the six women (83%) had an RDI≥10. These initial data suggest that, in this population, the majority of both late and prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations occur with a maternal respiratory event. Since respiratory events are characteristic of maternal SDB, this raises the possibility that SDB may influence fetal well-being.
The effects of exercise conditioning in normal and overweight pregnant women on blood pressure and heart rate variability.; Pre-pregnancy obesity is a risk factor for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and hypertension. Regular exercise during pregnancy has been shown to decrease the risk of these obstetrical complications. The purpose of this prospective study was to measure the effects of an exercise program in normal-weight and overweight/obese pregnant women on blood pressure (BP) and cardiac autonomic function, determined by heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS). Twenty-two sedentary pregnant women, recruited at 20 weeks gestational age (GA), were grouped as normal weight or overweight/obese. They were systematically assigned to an exercise (walking) group or control (nonwalking) group after the first participants were randomly assigned. Women in the walking groups participated in a 16-week, low-intensity walking program. BP, HRV, and BRS were measured at rest and during exercise at the beginning (20 weeks GA) and end (36 weeks GA) of the walking program. Results indicated that women in the control groups (especially overweight women) showed changes in BP, HRV, and BRS over pregnancy that were not seen in the walking group. Overweight women in the control group increased resting systolic BP by 10 mmHg and diastolic BP by 7 mmHg. HRV declined in the control group but not in the walking group. A reduction in BRS and R-R interval at rest was found in all groups except the walking normal-weight group. The results suggest that an exercise program could attenuate the increase in BP and the loss of parasympathetic tone associated with pregnancy, especially in overweight women.
Umbilical artery intima-media and wall thickness in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Large for gestational age (LAG) neonates who had been exposed to an intrauterine environment of either diabetes or maternal obesity are at increased risk of developing the metabolic syndrome. This can be explained by exposure to high glucose and insulin levels in utero which alter fetal adaptation and programming. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to evaluate the onset of preclinical atherosclerosis in utero. METHODS: We measured umbilical artery wall thickness (ruWT) in the third trimester by obstetric ultrasound and umbilical artery intima-media thickness (uIMT) in pathologic specimens of umbilical cords obtained shortly after delivery and investigated the relation between these measurements and serum insulin level and C-peptide level in cord blood and assessed insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), i.e. the study group, which was divided into a large for gestational age group (LGA)-IDM group and an appropriate for gestational age group (AGA)-IDM group and compared with a control group. RESULTS: The LGA-IDM group had significantly higher insulin (p < 0.001), C-peptide (p = 0.018) and HOMA-IR levels (p < 0.001) compared with the AGA-IDM and control groups. The LGA-IDM group had significantly larger ruWT (p = 0.013) and uIMT (p < 0.001) compared with the AGA-IDM and the control groups. The LGA-IDM group had increased uIMT and ruWT that correlated with the severity of maternal hyperglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of ruWT in the third trimester is feasible, reproducible and strongly correlated with pathological serum insulin, C-peptide in cord blood and HOMA-IR levels.
Preeclampsia Across Pregnancies and Associated Risk Factors: Findings From a High-Risk US Birth Cohort.; Background Preeclampsia increases women's risks for maternal morbidity and future cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to identify opportunities for prevention by examining the association between cardiometabolic risk factors and preeclampsia across 2 pregnancies among women in a high-risk US birth cohort. Methods and Results Our sample included 618 women in the Boston Birth Cohort with index and subsequent pregnancy data collected using standard protocols. We conducted log-binomial univariate regression models to examine the association between preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (defined as incident or recurrent preeclampsia) and cardiometabolic risk factors (ie, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and gestational diabetes mellitus) diagnosed before and during the index pregnancy, and between index and subsequent pregnancies. At the subsequent pregnancy, 7% (36/540) had incident preeclampsia and 42% (33/78) had recurrent preeclampsia. Compared with women without obesity, women with obesity had greater risk of incident preeclampsia (unadjusted risk ratio [RR], 2.2 [95% CI, 1.1-4.5]) and recurrent preeclampsia (unadjusted RR, 3.1 [95% CI, 1.5-6.7]). Preindex pregnancy chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus were associated with incident, but not recurrent, preeclampsia (hypertension unadjusted RR, 7.9 [95% CI, 4.1-15.3]; diabetes mellitus unadjusted RR, 5.2 [95% CI, 2.5-11.1]. Women with new interpregnancy hypertension versus those without had a higher risk of incident and recurrent preeclampsia (incident preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 6.1 [95% CI, 2.9-13]); recurrent preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 2.4 [95% CI, 1.5-3.9]). Conclusions In this diverse sample of high-risk US women, we identified modifiable and treatable risk factors, including obesity and hypertension for the prevention of preeclampsia.
Metformin and Type 2 Diabetes Prevention.; IN BRIEF Metformin, an established therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, has demonstrated safety and effectiveness in the prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes in people at high risk. The Diabetes Prevention Program randomized clinical trial demonstrated that intensive lifestyle intervention and metformin therapy reduced progression to diabetes by 58 and 31%, respectively, compared to placebo in people at risk of type 2 diabetes. Although lifestyle intervention was beneficial in all groups, metformin had a selectively greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose, had a history of gestational diabetes, or were younger. Long-term effects included an 18% diabetes reduction with metformin compared to placebo over 15 years, a reduction in microvascular complications among those who did not progress to diabetes (without difference among treatment arms), and suggestion by coronary calcium assessment of a possible impact on atherosclerosis in men. Although long-term follow-up to assess later-stage outcomes is underway, current efforts to address gaps in evidence and translation remain of significant public health interest.
The inheritance of cardiovascular disease risk.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is foremost among the non-communicable diseases (NCDs) which account for 71% of deaths globally each year. CVD is also prominent among the pre-existing conditions still accounting for nearly 25% of maternal deaths and is linked to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Markers of CVD risk have been reported even in young children, related to prenatal factors such as mother's diet or body composition. The underlying mechanisms include epigenetic changes which can alter the trajectory of risk across the life course. Preventive interventions need to commence before conception, to reduce transmission of CVD risk by promoting healthy behaviours in prospective parents, as well as in pregnancy, and postpartum through breastfeeding and healthy complementary feeding. Surprisingly, these opportunities are not emphasised in the 2018 United Nations Political Declaration on NCDs. NCDs such as CVD have communicable risk components transmitted across generations by socio-economic as well as biological factors, although the former can also become embodied in the offspring by epigenetic mechanisms. The inheritance of CVD risk, and social inequalities in such risk, thus raises wider questions about responsibility for the health of future generations at societal as well as individual levels.
[Clinical analysis of 86 cases of acute fatty liver of pregnancy].; Objective: To investigate the clinical characteristics and maternal and fetal prognosis of pregnant women with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). Methods: The clinical data of 86 AFLP pregnant women admitted to the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University from September 2017 to August 2022 were collected, and their general data, clinical characteristics, laboratory tests and maternal and fetal outcomes were retrospectively analyzed. Results: (1) General information: the age of the 86 pregnant women with AFLP was (30.8±5.4) years, and the body mass index was (21.0±2.5) kg/m(2). There were 50 primiparas (58.1%, 50/86) and 36 multiparas (41.9%, 36/86). There were 64 singleton pregnancies (74.4%, 64/86) and 22 twin pregnancies (25.6%, 22/86). (2) Clinical characteristics: the main complaints of AFLP pregnant women were gastrointestinal symptoms, including epigastric pain (68.6%, 59/86), nausea (47.7%, 41/86), anorexia (46.5%, 40/86), vomiting (39.5%, 34/86). The main non-gastrointestinal symptoms were jaundice of skin and/or scleral (54.7%, 47/86), edema (38.4%, 33/86), fatigue (19.8%, 17/86), bleeding tendency (16.3%, 14/86), polydipsia or polyuria (14.0%, 12/86), skin itching (8.1%, 7/86), and 17.4% (15/86) AFLP pregnant women had no obvious symptoms. (3) Laboratory tests: the incidence of liver and kidney dysfunction and abnormal coagulation function in AFLP pregnant women was high, and the levels of blood ammonia, lactate dehydrogenase and lactic acid were increased, and the levels of hemoglobin, platelet and albumin decreased. However, only 24 cases (27.9%, 24/86) of AFLP pregnant women showed fatty liver by imageology examination. (4) Pregnancy outcomes: ① AFLP pregnant women had a high incidence of pregnancy complications, mainly including renal insufficiency (95.3%, 82/86), preterm birth (46.5%, 40/86), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (30.2%, 26/86), gestational diabetes mellitus (36.0%, 31/86), fetal distress (24.4%, 21/86), pulmonary infection (23.3%, 20/86), disseminated intravascular coagulation (16.3%, 14/86), multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (16.3%, 14/86), hepatic encephalopathy (9.3%, 8/86), and intrauterine fetal death (2.3%, 2/86). ② Treatment and outcome of AFLP pregnant women: the intensive care unit transfer rate of AFLP pregnant women was 66.3% (57/86). 82 cases were improved and discharged after treatment, 2 cases were transferred to other hospitals for follow-up treatment, and 2 cases (2.3%, 2/86) died. ③ Neonatal outcomes: except for 2 cases of intrauterine death, a total of 106 neonates were delivered, including 39 cases (36.8%, 39/106) of neonatal asphyxia, 63 cases (59.4%, 63/106) of neonatal intensive care unit admission, and 3 cases (2.8%, 3/106) of neonatal death. Conclusions: AFLP is a severe obstetric complication, which is harmful to mother and fetus. In the process of clinical diagnosis and treatment, attention should be paid to the clinical manifestations and laboratory tests of pregnant women, early diagnosis and active treatment, so as to improve maternal and fetal outcomes.
Association of fetal heart rate short term variability pattern during term labor with neonatal morbidity and small for gestational age status.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of fetal heart rate short-term variability (STV) pattern during term labor with both neonatal composite morbidity (cord blood pH ≤ 7.10 and/or neonatal intensive care unit admission and/or Apgar score at 5 min <7) and small for gestational age (SGA) status. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort in a single academic institution between January 2016 and December 2018. A total of 1896 women that delivered a singleton during labor in cephalic presentation after 37 weeks of gestation were included (948 women with SGA neonates and 948 women with appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA) neonates that were matched to women with SGA neonates based on maternal age, parity, induction of labor, gestational diabetes, gestational age at delivery and a history of one cesarean section using propensity score matching). STV was compared at labor onset (cervical dilation ≤ 4 cm), in the first stage of labor (cervical dilation = 6 cm) and in the second stage of labor (cervical dilation = 10 cm). A generalized linear mixed model was used to assess the association between SGA status, neonatal composite morbidity and STV. RESULTS: After adjustment for maternal origin, term, gestational diabetes, labor length, SGA status was not associated with any change in STV during labor (mean adjusted STV: -0.20 ms, 95 %CI[-0.58-0.17], p = 0.284 at labor onset, 0.29 ms, 95 %CI[-0.1- 0.68], p = 0.155, in the first stage of labor and 0.36 ms, 95 %CI[-0.02-0.74], p = 0.065 in the second stage of labor). In case of neonatal composite morbidity mean adjusted STV was lower in the first stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: -1.29 ms, 95 %CI[-2.1 - -0.43], p = 0.003) and in the second stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: -1.15 ms, 95 %CI[-1.96 - -0.34], p = 0.005). The results were similar with the addition of delivery mode and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in the model or non-reassuring fetal heart rate and meconium-stained amniotic fluid. CONCLUSIONS: This work suggests that STV decrease during term labor is associated with fetal well-being, independently of fetal weight. This suggests that further prospective studies should consider the evaluation of this parameter in the prediction of neonatal compromise.
The Use of Sex-Specific Factors in the Assessment of Women's Cardiovascular Risk.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. As compared with men, women are less likely to be diagnosed appropriately, receive preventive care, or be treated aggressively for CVD. Sex differences between men and women have allowed for the identification of CVD risk factors and risk markers that are unique to women. The 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Multi-Society cholesterol guideline and 2019 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guideline on the primary prevention of CVD introduced the concept of risk-enhancing factors that are specific to women and are associated with an increased risk of incident atherosclerotic CVD in women. These factors, if present, would favor more intensified lifestyle interventions and consideration of initiation or intensification of statin therapy for primary prevention to mitigate the increased risk. In this primer, we highlight sex-specific CVD risk factors in women, stress the importance of eliciting a thorough obstetrical and gynecological history during cardiovascular risk assessment, and provide a framework for how to initiate appropriate preventive measures when sex-specific risk factors are present.
Mitochondrial-derived peptides: Antidiabetic functions and evolutionary perspectives.; Mitochondrial-derived peptides (MDPs) are a novel class of bioactive microproteins encoded by short open-reading frames (sORF) in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). Currently, three types of MDPs have been identified: Humanin (HN), MOTS-c (Mitochondrial ORF within Twelve S rRNA type-c), and SHLP1-6 (small Humanin-like peptide, 1 to 6). The 12 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR1) gene harbors the sequence for MOTS-c, whereas HN and SHLP1-6 are encoded by the 16 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR2) gene. Special genetic codes are used in mtDNA as compared to nuclear DNA: (i) ATA and ATT are used as start codons in addition to the standard start codon ATG; (ii) AGA and AGG are used as stop codons instead of coding for arginine; (iii) the standard stop codon UGA is used to code for tryptophan. While HN, SHLP6, and MOTS-c are encoded by the H (heavy owing to high guanine + thymine base composition)-strand of the mtDNA, SHLP1-5 are encoded by the L (light owing to less guanine + thymine base composition)-strand. MDPs attenuate disease pathology including Type 1 diabetes (T1D), Type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes, Alzheimer's disease (AD), cardiovascular diseases, prostate cancer, and macular degeneration. The current review will focus on the MDP regulation of T2D, T1D, and gestational diabetes along with an emphasis on the evolutionary pressures for conservation of the amino acid sequences of MDPs.
Should patients with polycystic ovary syndrome be treated with metformin? Benefits of insulin sensitizing drugs in polycystic ovary syndrome--beyond ovulation induction.; The debate on metformin use in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has mainly focused on its treatment for infertility in ovulation induction and menstrual cyclicity. Here we will summarize the data supporting the effect of metformin on improving hyperandrogenaemia and hyperinsulinaemia in PCOS patients. We propose that metformin benefits PCOS patients undergoing gonadotrophin therapy and IVF as well as ovulation induction. We also advocate the use of insulin sensitizing drugs to reduce miscarriage rates, and risks associated with coronary artery disease, gestational diabetes and obesity.
Other adverse pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in females worldwide. Pregnancy is associated with significant physiologic changes that may function as a natural stress test to detect women at future risk. It is established that women who have had a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, and there is growing evidence that women who deliver infants preterm or growth-restricted infants have an elevated risk as well. Consideration should be given to including these outcomes as indicators of cardiovascular risk. Pregnancy represents a teachable moment when it would be ideal to identify women at risk. Improved integration of women's primary health care and an enhanced knowledge base on the part of clinicians will be necessary to fully incorporate these findings into the clinical care of women.
Importance of engaging obstetrician/gynecologists in cardiovascular disease prevention.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence regarding traditional and sex-specific factors identified among women during their reproductive years and their importance in lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). RECENT FINDINGS: Longitudinal studies demonstrated a woman's burden of risk during her reproductive years is associated with future risk of CVD. Similarly, women with a healthy lifestyle are relatively protected and have the lowest lifetime risk. Some primary prevention strategies, when implemented during this age window, were cost-effective. The link between pregnancy outcome and future CVD risk is now better understood, and evidence now relates pregnancy-associated hypertension and diabetes, as well as a preterm delivery or a low birth weight delivery, to excess risk. Gaps in preventive healthcare for women in this age group included low rates of treatment initiation for hypertension and failure to follow guidelines for diabetes surveillance among women with a history of gestational diabetes. Knowledge gaps for standard CVD prevention, as well as the link between pregnancy complications and future CVD risk, were identified among both primary care providers and obstetrician/gynecologists. SUMMARY: Traditional and sex-specific risk factors for CVD present during women's reproductive years. Engaging the obstetrician/gynecologist provides a strategy to enhance prevention.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Women's Reproductive Milestones and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Review of Reports and Opportunities From the CARDIA Study.; In 1985 to 1986, the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study enrolled 5115 Black or White participants, including 2788 women, aged 18 to 30 years. Over the following 35 years, the CARDIA study amassed extensive longitudinal data on women's reproductive milestones, spanning menarche to menopause. Although not initially conceived as a study of women's health, >75 CARDIA study publications address relationships between reproductive factors and events with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease, and social determinants of health. The CARDIA study was one of the earliest population-based reports to note Black-White differences in age at menarche and associations with cardiovascular risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and preterm birth, have been assessed along with postpartum behaviors, such as lactation. Existing studies have examined risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes and lactation, as well as their relationship to future cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, diagnoses, and subclinical atherosclerosis. Ancillary studies examining components of polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian biomarkers, such as anti-Müllerian hormone, have facilitated examination of reproductive health in a population-based cohort of young adult women. As the cohort transitioned through menopause, examination of the importance of premenopausal cardiovascular risk factors along with menopause has improved our understanding of shared mechanisms. The cohort is now aged in the 50s to mid-60s, and women will begin to experience a greater number of cardiovascular events as well as other conditions, such as cognitive impairment. Thus, in the next decade, the CARDIA study will provide a unique resource for understanding how the women's reproductive life course epidemiology informs cardiovascular risk, as well as reproductive and chronological aging.
From Pre-Diabetes to Diabetes: Diagnosis, Treatments and Translational Research.; Diabetes, a silent killer, is one of the most widely prevalent conditions of the present time. According to the 2017 International Diabetes Federation (IDF) statistics, the global prevalence of diabetes among the age group of 20-79 years is 8.8%. In addition, 1 in every 2 persons is unaware of the condition. This unawareness and ignorance lead to further complications. Pre-diabetes is the preceding condition of diabetes, and in most of the cases, this ultimately leads to the development of diabetes. Diabetes can be classified into three types, namely type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of both pre-diabetes and diabetes is based on glucose criteria; the common modalities used are fasting plasma glucose (FPG) test and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A glucometer is commonly used by diabetic patients to measure blood glucose levels with fast and rather accurate measurements. A few of the more advanced and minimally invasive modalities include the glucose-sensing patch, SwEatch, eyeglass biosensor, breath analysis, etc. Despite a considerable amount of data being collected and analyzed regarding diabetes, the actual molecular mechanism of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still unknown. Both genetic and epigenetic factors are associated with T2DM. The complications of diabetes can predominantly be classified into two categories: microvascular and macrovascular. Retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy are grouped under microvascular complications, whereas stroke, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral artery disease (PAD) belong to macrovascular complications. Unfortunately, until now, no complete cure for diabetes has been found. However, the treatment of pre-diabetes has shown significant success in preventing the further progression of diabetes. To prevent pre-diabetes from developing into T2DM, lifestyle intervention has been found to be very promising. Various aspects of diabetes, including the aforementioned topics, have been reviewed in this paper.
Analysis of fetal heart rate in healthy and pathological pregnancies using wavelet-based features.; In this paper, a new approach for feature extraction from the Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) signal is introduced. It considers the use of Continuous Wavelet Transform to extract wavelet-based features of FHR signal in order to discriminate the normal from the abnormal cases. The proposed methodology is tested on real data acquired before the beginning or during labor. The results proved the viability of the approach and its potential for further application.
Metabolic imprinting by prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal overnutrition: a review.; Epidemiological studies have suggested that metabolic programming is one of the critical factors contributing to the etiology of obesity as well as concurrent increase in related chronic diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease). Metabolic programming is the phenomenon whereby a nutritional stress/stimulus applied during critical periods of early development permanently alters an organism's physiology and metabolism, the consequences of which are often observed much later in life. The idea of metabolic programming originated from the fetal origins hypothesis proposed by Barker in which he suggested that disproportionate size at birth of the newborn due to an adverse intrauterine environment correlated well with an increased risk of adult-onset ill health outcomes (type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease). The fetal origins hypothesis, proposed by Barker, suggests that adequate nutrition during fetal development is critical. Overnutrition is a form of malnutrition that has increased in the United States over the past several decades in which nutrients are oversupplied relative to the amounts required for normal growth, development, and metabolism. Evidence for the effects of maternal obesity and overnutrition on metabolic programming is reviewed during critical prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal periods.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes of Sub-clinical Hypothyroidism Treated With Levothyroxine in Pregnancy: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; INTRODUCTION: The effect of sub-clinical hypothyroidism (SCH) in pregnancy has been controversial. Furthermore, the impact of levothyroxine replacement on improving outcomes in pregnant women with SCH is unknown. This study aimed to assess the maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with SCH who were treated with levothyroxine replacement. METHODS: This retrospective chart review was conducted at a tertiary hospital in Iran between 2020 and 2022. All pregnant women who had given birth during the study period were recruited. Those who did not have thyroid function test results within 10-12 weeks, as well as those with SCH who did not have levothyroxine replacement, were excluded. The subjects were divided into two groups based on the 2017 American Thyroid Association (ATA) criteria: non-SCH (TSH values 0.27-2.5 mIU/L) and SCH (TSH values more than 4.0 mIU/L). The demographic, obstetric, maternal, and neonatal outcomes of both groups were compared. The Chi-square test was used to compare the categorical variables. Binary logistic regression was used to assess differences in categorical variables. RESULTS: With a frequency of 10.5%, 935 women out of 8888 were diagnosed with SCH. In terms of age, educational level, living residency, medical insurance, access to prenatal care, and smoking status, there were no differences between the two groups. In terms of gestational age, parity, onset of labor, history of infertility, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, anemia, and overt diabetes, there were no differences between the two groups; however, gestational diabetes was more common in those with SCH. Compared with the non-SCH group, the prevalence and risks of gestational diabetes [19.8 vs. 14.2, odds ratio (OR) = 1.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.72-3.95] were significantly higher in the SCH group after controlling for confounding factors. There were no differences in neonatal outcomes between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Except for gestational diabetes, we found no significant adverse events in terms of maternal and neonatal outcomes among women with SCH who were treated with levothyroxine.
Demographic influence on maternal weight gain during pregnancy: where will we end up?; PURPOSE: Maternal obesity is one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetrics. Complications, such as gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, preeclampsia and many more, exist far more often in obese women than in pregnant women of normal weight. METHODS: Changes in maternal weight gain during pregnancy were analysed in Schleswig-Holstein between 1995 and 1997 and between 2004 and 2009. Between 1995 and 1997 data were drawn from 74,000 singleton pregnancies and between 2004 and 2009 from 118,000 pregnancies. The data centre of the University of Rostock performed the statistical analysis. RESULTS: Maternal weight at the time of first consultation with proof of pregnancy was 67.6 kg in 1995 and increased to 70.7 kg in 2009. This means an absolute difference of 3.1 kg. Maternal weight at the time of delivery changed from 80.8 to 84.9 kg in the same period. This is an absolute difference of 4.1 kg. Body weight is higher in 2009 than in 1995 across nearly all age groups. Even in younger women (aged 17 years and over) differences in weight can be registered. The obesity rate (BMI ≥ 30) in relation to maternal age was also analysed. In general, the rate of obesity is higher in 2009 than in 1995 across all age groups. CONCLUSIONS: These results show an increase in maternal weight gain during pregnancy over the last decades. However, the change in maternal weight is not dependent upon maternal age. The weight differences are consistent across nearly all age groups. Thus, age is not a risk factor for overweight and obesity.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with asthma.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to examine the association between maternal asthma and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2003 to 2011. Among women who delivered during this time period, we compared pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in asthmatics versus non-asthmatics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: In a cohort of 7,772,999 pregnant women, 223,236 (2.9%) had asthma. The prevalence of asthma-complicated pregnancies rose over the study period from 1.9% in 2003 to 3.7% in 2011 (p < .001). Pregnant asthmatics had more pre-existing health conditions, such as diabetes, chronic hypertension, obesity, and thyroid disease, and were more likely to smoke. Even after adjustment for these comorbidities, and other covariates, within statistical models, asthma was found to be associated with greater risk of several pregnancy complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, preterm premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, preterm delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, venous thromboembolism, caesarean section delivery, and maternal mortality. Neonates born to asthmatics had greater risk of being small for gestational age and for having congenital anomalies, and lower risk of intrauterine fetal death. CONCLUSIONS: Asthma is associated with an increase in adverse pregnancy, labor, and neonatal outcomes. Close surveillance of asthmatic patients during the prenatal period is warranted and care in a tertiary hospital is advised.
Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels of infants of diabetic mothers are correlated with diastolic dysfunction detected by tissue Doppler echocardiography.; Tissue Doppler echocardiography (TDI) is a convenient method to detect cardiac dysfunction in the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is known to be higher in IDMs. We aimed to determine whether there is a relation between diastolic functions examined by TDI and cord serum IGF-1 levels of IDMs. Cord serum IGF-1 levels of 32 IDMs and 22 healthy infants were measured. The cardiac functions of the infants were evaluated by M-Mode and TDI. For statistical analysis, Mann-Whitney U and Spearman correlation tests were used for continuous variables, and the chi-square test was used for categorical variables. The cord serum IGF-1 levels of the IDMs were higher (p = 0.000). The left ventricle (LV) e', LVa', LV e'/a', and LV Tei index, indicating left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in IDMs, were detected (LV e' p = 0.016; LV a' p = 0.003; LV e'/ a' p = 0.000; LV Tei index p = 0.023). IDMs' cord serum IGF-1 levels were found weakly correlated with the interventricular septum (IVS) and left ventricle posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' in TDI (IVS r = 0.357, p = 0.008; LVPW r = 0.289, p = 0.034; LV e' r = 0.297, p = 0.029; LV e'/ a' r = 0.031, p = 0.014). CONCLUSION: To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. A weak correlation was found between IGF-1 levels and IVS and LVPW thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' parameters in TDI, revealing diastolic dysfunction in IDMs. WHAT IS KNOWN: • The umbilical cord blood serum IGF-1 level of IDMs is higher than in infants of healthy mothers. • Diastolic dysfunction is a well-studied and frequently observed consequence in IDMs. WHAT IS NEW: • This is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. • A weak correlation was detected between the median cord serum IGF-1 level of IDMs and the median values of IVS, LVPW, LV e', LV a', LV e'/a' ratio.
The Rubenesque pregnancy: a progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels.; Women with gestational diabetes tend to progress to noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with a high cumulative incidence relative to the general population. These women have also been shown to be insulin resistant and may represent a variant of the insulin resistance syndrome or Syndrome X. Our previous studies indicated that administered insulin was associated with an increase in blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes, raising the question that insulin levels per se contribute to blood pressure in these women. We developed a means by which the insulin levels of a given pregnant individual might be estimated called the Fraction of Circulating Insulin Level Relative to Normal (FOCILRN = C-PEPTIDE/2.0 + TOTAL DAILY INSULIN DOSE/CALCULATED DAILY INSULIN REQUIREMENT BASED ON WEIGHT AND GESTATIONAL WEEK). The formula was applied to 15 nonhypertensive pregnant women of comparable obese phenotype (Rubenesque) with varying degrees of glucose tolerance (4 normal, 5 gestational diabetes treated with diet alone, 4 gestational diabetes treated with insulin, and 2 noninsulin-dependent diabetes). Blood pressure was quantified at the beginning of the study (gestational weeks 24-34) and again 4-8 weeks later using a 24-hr monitor. Correlation analysis was used to test for a relationship between the FOCILRN and blood pressure. The increase in mean arterial pressure was found to be continuous and linear with increasing insulin exposure as quantified by FOCILRN. The correlation was significant for all subjects (r = 0.961, p < 0.001) and remained significant even with removal of patients with NIDDM (r = 0.857, p < 0.001). The nighttime heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were found to be significantly correlated with FOCILRN (r = 0.651, p < 0.01, r = 0.724, p < 0.001, and r = 0.831, p < 0.001, respectively). The difference between the maximum and minimum diastolic blood pressure values between 12:00 AM and 6:00 AM between sessions 1 and 2 significantly differed among the groups with women on insulin having the highest FOCILRN having the least variation in blood pressure. In nonhypertensive women of obese phenotype (Rubenesque), increasing insulin exposure is associated with increasing mean arterial blood pressure and less variability of nocturnal blood pressure. These data provide support for the hypothesis that insulin may mediate blood pressure response in genetically vulnerable individuals. The identification of the Rubenesque phenotype during gestation may be a clinically useful marker for individuals at risk for Syndrome X.
Glycogen Storage Disease Type III.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Glycogen storage disease type III (GSD III) is characterized by variable liver, cardiac muscle, and skeletal muscle involvement. GSD IIIa is the most common subtype, present in about 85% of affected individuals; it manifests with liver and muscle involvement. GSD IIIb, with liver involvement only, comprises about 15% of all affected individuals. In infancy and early childhood, liver involvement presents as hepatomegaly and failure to thrive, with fasting ketotic hypoglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and elevated hepatic transaminases. In adolescence and adulthood, liver disease becomes less prominent. Most individuals develop cardiac involvement with cardiac hypertrophy and/or cardiomyopathy. Skeletal myopathy manifesting as weakness may be evident in childhood and slowly progresses, typically becoming prominent in the third to fourth decade. The overall prognosis is favorable but cannot be predicted on an individual basis. Long-term complications such as muscular and cardiac symptoms as well as liver fibrosis/cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma may have a severe impact on prognosis and quality of life. To date, it is unknown if long-term complications can be alleviated and/or avoided by dietary interventions. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of GSD III is established in a proband by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in AGL. If molecular genetic testing is inconclusive, debranching enzyme activity can be measured in either blood cells (leukocytes or erythrocytes), skin fibroblasts, or liver or muscle biopsy. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Dietary management tailored to the individual patient remains the primary therapy. Frequent feeds (every 3-4 hours) are needed to maintain euglycemia in infancy. Toward the end of the first year of life, several doses per day (~1 g/kg) of cornstarch may be required to avoid hypoglycemia. Protein intake of 3 g/kg is recommended; extra protein supplementation may be needed. For those with night-time hypoglycemia, Glycosade(®) extended-release cornstarch or continuous nocturnal drip-feeding can be used. Titration of dietary protein and cornstarch is based on self-monitored capillary blood glucose and ketone concentrations, to maintain euglycemia and to prevent ketosis, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertriglyceridemia. Maltodextrin or rapidly absorbable carbohydrates prior to exercise to prevent hypoglycemia during physical activity; oral fructose and sucrose ingestion to improve exercise tolerance. High-fat diet to reduce cardiomyopathy can be considered. Up-to-date individualized emergency letters; perioperative glucose infusion for surgeries to prevent hypoglycemia. Liver transplantation is reserved for those with severe hepatic cirrhosis, liver dysfunction, and/or hepatocellular carcinoma. Liver transplantation may exacerbate myopathy and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D and calcium supplementation to prevent osteoporosis. Surveillance: Aspartate aminotransferase, alanine transaminase, liver function as needed (e.g., albumin, bilirubin, ammonia, and clotting studies), creatine kinase (CK), lipid profile every six to 12 months, liver ultrasound every six to 12 months in children and every 12 to 24 months in adults, liver MRI as needed. To identify periods of suboptimal metabolic control, measured preprandial blood glucose and blood ketones or urine ketones on waking. Neurologic, physical therapy, and musculoskeletal assessments; NT-proBNP, CK-MB, electrocardiogram, and echocardiogram every 12 to 24 months in those with GSD IIIa, and every five years in those with GSD IIIb; measurement of height, weight, body mass index, head circumference, and assessment of diet and exercise as needed based on age; serum calcium and 25(OH)-vitamin D annually; regular bone density measurement is recommended. Agents/circumstances to avoid: High carbohydrate intake, steroid-based drugs, growth hormone replacement therapy, medications that can cause rhabdomyolysis. Use with caution: hormonal contraceptives, statins for control of hyperlipidemia, and beta blockers. Evaluation of relatives at risk: Diagnosis of at-risk sibs at birth allows for early dietary intervention to prevent hypoglycemia. Pregnancy management: Increased monitoring and support during pregnancy of women with GSD III because of increased glucose needs during pregnancy. Although gestational diabetes can occur, oral glucose tests are not indicated. Glucose infusion and regular monitoring of blood glucose, ketones, blood gases, and CK is necessary during labor and perinatally to prevent ketonuria and risk of hyperketosis, metabolic acidosis, and acute rhabdomyolysis. Glucose management requires balancing undertreatment against the risks assocated with overtreatment (e.g., fetal hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia). GENETIC COUNSELING: GSD III is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for an AGL pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected with GSD III, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of inheriting neither of the familial AGL pathogenic variants. Once the AGL pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, carrier testing for at-risk family members and prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing for a pregnancy at increased risk are possible.
Sleep Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy and Adverse Maternal Outcomes-A True Story?; Pregnancy may predispose women to the development or worsening of sleep disordered breathing. Recent studies have shown a significant association between sleep disordered breathing and adverse pregnancy-related outcomes including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and severe maternal morbidity including pulmonary edema, cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and admissions to the intensive care unit. More research is needed on the mechanisms linking sleep disordered breathing to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Large trials that examine the impact of therapy for sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy on pregnancy outcomes are also needed.
Assessment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the presence of ventricular diastolic dysfunction by tissue Doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers, with or without septal hypertrophy, in comparison to fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. METHODS: A contemporary transverse study in fetuses with a gestational age between 25 weeks to term, studying diastolic function by assessment using tissue Doppler and pulsed wave Doppler of the atrioventricular diastolic flow. The mothers of the fetuses all had previous or gestational diabetes, and were referred to the Fetal Cardiology Unit of the Institute of Cardiology in Porto Alegre, Brazil. We analysed variance with the Student-Neumann-Keuls post hoc test. An alfa of 0.05 was considered significant for statistical analysis. RESULTS: The mean myocardial velocities of the E'and A' waves at the mural mitral annulus, in fetuses of diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, were, respectively, 7.00 plus or minus 1.6 centimetres per second, and 10.24 plus or minus 3.3 centimetres per second. In the fetuses of diabetic mothers group without myocardial hypertrophy, the comparable values were 7.19 plus or minus 2.4 centimetres per second and 10.77 plus or minus 3.77 centimetres per second, respectively. In the control group, they were 4.81 plus or minus 0.85 centimetres per second and 8.01 plus or minus 2.2 centimetres per second. The difference between the velocities in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in fetal normal mothers was statistically significant (p less than 0.05). Statistically significant differences were also observed in E' and A' diastolic waves at the aortic mitral annulus, as well as for the tricuspid annulus when tissue Doppler assessment was carried out in the same sample. The mean ratio between the E and E' of mitral and tricuspid waves in the control fetuses of normal mothers was significantly higher than in fetuses of diabetic mothers. CONCLUSION: Pulsed tissue Doppler, when used in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compared with fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, shows evidence of impaired diastolic function, independently of the presence of myocardial hypertrophy.
Challenges of Takayasu Arteritis in Pregnancy: A Case Report.; Takayasu arteritis is a rare, chronic vasculitis of unknown etiology characterized by inflammation of the aorta and its main branches. Although Takayasu arteritis mostly affects women of childbearing age, there is a paucity in the literature on pregnancy associated with Takayasu arteritis. Pregnant patients are at increased risk of cardiovascular complications, including hypertension and congestive heart failure, which may jeopardize both maternal and fetal outcomes. Furthermore, optimal management has not yet been established for pregnant patients with Takayasu arteritis, posing a clinical challenge. We present a case of a young woman with Takayasu arteritis whose symptoms and disease activity improved during 2 pregnancies. Although her first pregnancy was complicated with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm vaginal delivery, her second pregnancy was uneventful. This case provides a rare glimpse of Takayasu arteritis in pregnancy and highlights the challenges of medical management in gravid patients.
Pregnancy in women with complete transposition of the great arteries following the atrial switch procedure. A study from three of the largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease centers in Poland.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to identify maternal/neonatal and cardiovascular complications in pregnant women with complete transposition of great arteries (D-TGA) following atrial switch. METHODS: Clinical records of all women with D-TGA after the Mustard/Senning (M/S) operation who were followed at the three largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease (ACHD) centers in Poland were reviewed. RESULTS: Fifteen of the fifty-nine women followed had a total of 24 pregnancies, including two spontaneous miscarriages. Twenty-two pregnancies (92%) resulted in a live birth, 91% were by cesarean section. During 5 (23%) of the 22 completed pregnancies obstetric complications were observed (one gestational diabetes, one hypertension in pregnancy, one placenta increta and two preterm labors). The mean pregnancy duration was 37.2 weeks (range: 26-41 weeks).We observed one neonatal death due to extreme prematurity. Six (25%) children had a birth weight of ≤2500 g. None of women had severe cardiac complications during pregnancy nor in the postpartum period. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, we demonstrated a large number of obstetric complications and low birth weight in the presence of a systemic right ventricle. However, from a cardiologist's point of view pregnancy after the M/S operation was well-tolerated and relatively safe.
Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients: effects on mother and newborn.; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy is currently considered yet another benefit of kidney transplantation, though doubts still exist concerning the effects of transplantation on the mother and the fetus. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We undertook a retrospective study analyzing 24 pregnancies in 20 kidney transplant recipients between 1986 and 2010. Evaluation was made of different variables related to renal function, both during the pregnancy and afterward, as well as other factors related to the birth and the status of the newborn. RESULTS: The mean age of the kidney transplant recipients was 29 ± 5 years, and the mean time since transplantation was 4.5 years (range = 0.8-12). At the time of pregnancy, the glomerular filtration rate was 59 ± 15 mL/min. Twelve recipients had well-controlled hypertension; none had proteinuria. Renal function and proteinuria remained stable during the pregnancy. There was a significant increase in blood pressure at the end of the pregnancy. It was necessary to raise the dose of calcineurin inhibitor to maintain target levels. No acute rejection episode was observed. One patient had gestational diabetes and two showed preeclampsia. Pregnancy reached term in 20 cases; there were four miscarriages. Delivery was at 36.9 weeks (range = 34-41) and the newborn weight, 2.7 kg (range = 1.5-3.6). One patient had a miscarriage at week 22 and succumbed due to a cardiac arrest during induction of the delivery. Eighteen babies were born healthy; two died. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients is safe if the renal function is adequate before the pregnancy without proteinuria but with a well-controlled blood pressure. In these cases, the maternal complications were similar to those among general population; we detected no increased risk of graft loss.
[Diabetes and women, why are we different?].; Diabetes affects men and women differently and the mistaken assumption of equality in its clinical expression can lead to errors and delays in the diagnostic process and the therapeutic strategy adopted. The objective is to show the gender differences that influence the approach to this pathology and what the role of the family doctor is in the monitoring of women with diabetes. It is a review of the impact of diabetes at different stages of a woman's life, how hormonal changes affect glycemic control, gestational diabetes, how diabetes affects the development of chronic complications in women and their consequences, the existing differences in the control of cardiovascular risk factors and the differential aspects by sex of the different families of drugs used in the treatment of diabetes.
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. METHODS: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). RESULTS: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
A Qualitative Study of Perceptions, Strengths, and Opportunities in Cardiometabolic Risk Management During Pregnancy and Postpartum in a Georgia Safety-Net Hospital, 2021.; INTRODUCTION: Despite the strong link between cardiometabolic pregnancy complications and future heart disease, there are documented gaps in engaging those who experience such conditions in recommended postpartum follow-up and preventive care. The goal of our study was to understand how people in a Medicaid-insured population perceive and manage risks during and after pregnancy related to an ongoing cardiometabolic disorder. METHODS: We conducted in-depth qualitative interviews with postpartum participants who had a cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy (chronic or gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia). We recruited postpartum participants from a single safety-net hospital system in Atlanta, Georgia, and conducted virtual interviews during January through May 2021. We conducted a content analysis guided by the Health Belief Model and present themes related to risk management. RESULTS: From the 28 interviews we conducted, we found that during pregnancy, advice and intervention by the clinical care team facilitated management behaviors for high-risk conditions. However, participants described limited understanding of how pregnancy complications might affect future outcomes, and few described engaging in postpartum management behaviors. CONCLUSION: Improving continuity and content of care during postpartum may improve uptake of preventive behaviors among postpartum patients at risk of heart disease.
Intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) and ST-analysis of labor in diabetic patients.; AIM: To determine the prevalence and types of intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) patterns and investigate their relationship to moderate acidemia in term fetuses of diabetic mothers. Also, to assess if the combination of fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) and those CTG patterns strengthens the association with moderate acidemia. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The material for this study is obtained from the Swedish randomized control trial and the European Union ST-analysis trial. We developed an analytical model for CTG patterns based on the progress in CTG changes, in a longitudinal periodic manner. The model was then combined with information regarding changes in ST interval that indicate threatening asphyxia, and the findings were analyzed to determine correlation with the presence of moderate acidemia at birth. RESULTS: This study involved data of 413 diabetic mothers. A preterminal CTG was more common in the diabetes mellitus (DM) group (6/70, 8.6%) than in the gestational diabetes (GD) group (3/307, 1.0%; P=0.003). For diabetic mothers (i.e., DM+GD) with a normal CTG at the start of monitoring, the presence of FECG data indicating asphyxia significantly increased the likelihood of an umbilical artery pH<7.15 at birth [odds ratio (OR)=3.65, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.33-10.05]. Among labors where the CTG was non-reassuring at the start of monitoring, no significant association was found between pH<7.15 and indication to intervene according to FECG information (OR=1.51, 95% CI=0.33-7.0). CONCLUSIONS: A preterminal CTG is more common in the fetuses of DM than GD mothers during labor. When CTG was normal at the start of recording, the addition of FECG information gave a significant add on information to predict moderate acidemia.
Postpartum readmission risk: a comparison between stillbirths and live births.; BACKGROUND: Stillbirth occurs more commonly among pregnant people with comorbid conditions and obstetrical complications. Stillbirth also independently increases maternal morbidity and imparts a psychosocial hazard when compared with live birth. These distinct needs and burden may increase the risk for postpartum readmission after stillbirth. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the risk for maternal postpartum readmission after stillbirth in comparison with live birth and to identify indications for readmission and the associated risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort of patients with singleton stillbirths or live births, delivered at ≥20 weeks' gestation, who were identified from the 2019 Nationwide Readmissions Database. The primary outcome was all-cause readmission within 6 weeks of discharge from the childbirth hospitalization. The association between stillbirth (vs live birth) and risk for readmission was assessed using multivariable regression models with adjustment for maternal age, sociodemographic characteristics, maternal and obstetrical conditions, and delivery characteristics. Within the stillbirth group, risk factors for readmission were further examined using multivariable regression. The secondary outcomes included principal indication for readmission (categorized based on principal diagnosis code of the readmission hospitalization) and timing of readmission (number of weeks after childbirth hospitalization). Differences in these secondary outcomes were compared between the stillbirth and live birth groups using chi-square tests. All analyses accounted for the complex sample design to generate nationally representative estimates. RESULTS: Postpartum readmission occurred in 2.7% of 16,636 patients with stillbirths, whereas it occurred in 1.6% of 2,870,677 patients with live births (unadjusted risk ratio, 1.65; 95% confidence interval, 1.47-1.86). The higher risk for readmission after stillbirth (vs live birth) persisted after adjusting for maternal, obstetrical, and delivery characteristics (adjusted risk ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.46). The distribution of principal indication for readmission differed after stillbirth and after live birth and included hypertension (30.2% vs 39.5%; unadjusted risk ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.63-0.93), mental health or substance use disorders (6.8% vs 3.6%; unadjusted risk ratio, 1.90; 95% confidence interval, 1.15-3.16), and venous thromboembolism (5.8% vs 2.0%; unadjusted risk ratio, 2.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.60-5.17). Among patients with stillbirths, 56.0% of readmissions occurred within 1 week, 71.8% within 2 weeks, and 88.1% within 4 weeks; the timing of readmission did not differ significantly between the stillbirth and live birth cohorts. Pregestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-2.93), gestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.67; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-2.71), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted risk ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.31-2.47), obesity (adjusted risk ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-2.12), and primary cesarean delivery (adjusted risk ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.17-2.58) were associated with a higher risk for readmission after stillbirth, whereas higher household income was associated with a lower risk for readmission (eg, adjusted risk ratio for income ≥$82,000 vs $1-$47,999, 0.48; 95% confidence interval, 0.30-0.77). CONCLUSION: When compared with live births, the risk for postpartum readmission was higher after stillbirths, even after adjustment for differences in the patient demographic and clinical characteristics. Readmission for mental health or substance use disorders and venous thromboembolism is more common after stillbirths than after live births.
References Values of Fetal Heart Myocardial Volume by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound using Spatiotemporal Image Correlation and Virtual Organ Computer-Aided Analysis Methods and Their Applicability in Pregestational Diabetic Women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine reference values for myocardial volume of the fetal heart using three-dimensional ultrasound with spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) and to assess their applicability in women with pregestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cross-sectional study included 177 normal pregnant women with fetuses between 20(0/7) and 33(6/7) weeks of age. Fetal cardiac volumes were collected using the STIC method, and myocardial volume was obtained by subtraction of the intracavitary volumes using the VOCAL 30-degree method. Intra- and interobserver reproducibility values were determined using the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). Sixteen women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were evaluated for validation. RESULTS: There was a strong correlation between fetal myocardial volume and gestational age (R (2) = 0.82). Intra- and interobserver reproducibility values were excellent and moderate, respectively, with CCCs of 0.99 and 0.83, respectively. There was no significant difference in mean fetal myocardial volume between normal pregnant women and those with pregestational diabetes (p = 0.64). CONCLUSION: Reference values for myocardial volume of the fetal heart were determined in normal pregnant women and were not statistically different from those in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Maternal Obesity Modulates Cord Blood Concentrations of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin-type 9 Levels.; CONTEXT: In utero exposure to maternal obesity or diabetes is considered a pro-inflammatory state. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether cord blood proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 (PCSK9), which is regulated by inflammation and metabolic derangements, is elevated in neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers. METHODS: A retrospective study in full-term neonates born between 2010 and 2023, at Brigham and Women's Hospital. There were 116 neonates included in our study, of which 74 (64%) were born to overweight/obese mothers and 42 (36%) were born to nonoverweight/nonobese mothers. RESULTS: Neonates born to overweight/obese mothers had significantly higher cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 compared with neonates born to nonoverweight/nonobese group (323 [253-442] ng/mL compared with 270 [244-382] ng/mL, P = .041). We found no significant difference in cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 between neonates of diabetic mothers compared with neonates of nondiabetic mothers. In multivariate linear regression analysis, higher cord plasma PCSK9 concentration was significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status (b = 50.12; 95% CI, 4.02-96.22; P = .033), after adjusting for gestational age, birth weight, male sex, and intrauterine growth restriction. CONCLUSION: Neonates born to mothers with overweight/obesity have higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations compared with the nonoverweight/nonobese group, and higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations were significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status, after adjusting for perinatal factors. Larger longitudinal studies are needed to examine the role of PCSK9 in the development of metabolic syndrome in high-risk neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers.
Role of advanced (magnetic resonance) neuroimaging and clinical outcomes in neonatal strokes: Experience from tertiary care center.; Neonatal strokes constitute a major cause of pediatric mortality and morbidity. Neuroimaging helps in its diagnosis as well as prognostication. However, advanced imaging, including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), carries multiple challenges. Limited data exists in the literature on imaging-based predictors of neurological outcomes in neonatal stroke in the Indian population. In this study, we reviewed our available data on neonatal stroke patients between 2015 and 2020 for clinico-radiological patterns. During this period, 17 neonatal strokes were admitted and the majority were term births with a slight male preponderance. Seizures and encephalopathy were the most common presentation. Multiple maternal risk factors such as gestational diabetes, meconium-stained liquor, APLA syndrome, fever, deranged coagulation profile, oligohydramnios, cord prolapse, and non-progressive labor were seen. Cardiac abnormalities were seen in only less than half of these patients with the most common finding being atrial septal defects (ASD). Transcranial ultrasound was performed in eight neonates and the pick-up rate of ultrasound was poor. MR imaging showed large infarcts in 11 patients. The MCA territory was most commonly involved. Interestingly, five neonates had venous thrombosis with three showing it in addition to arterial thrombosis. Associated ictal, as well as Wallerian changes, were noted in 10. Although large territorial infarcts were the most common pattern, non-contrast MR angiography did not show major vessel occlusion in these cases. Outcomes were fairly good and only three patients had a residual motor deficit at 1 year. No recurrence of stroke was seen in any of the neonates.
Challenges in Women with Diabetes During the COVID-19 Pandemic.; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has created significant challenges for healthcare systems across the world. The disease seems to infect men and women in equal numbers, though trends suggest that men have greater morbidity. This has been attributed to differences in immunological response, expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), prevalence of comorbidities, and health-related behaviours, such as smoking. However, this cannot be taken to mean that women are somehow protected. Advanced age, smoking, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have emerged as the leading contributors to increased morbidity and mortality from the disease. Women with diabetes form a vulnerable group as they often receive suboptimal diabetes care and support, even though they have a high burden of comorbidities and complications. While there are challenges in healthcare delivery during the pandemic, cardiometabolic care cannot be compromised, which calls for exploring new avenues of healthcare delivery, such as telemedicine. Pregnant women with diabetes should continue to receive quality care for optimal outcomes, and the psychological health of women also needs special consideration. The management of hyperglycaemia during COVID-19 infection is important to reduce morbidity and mortality from the infection. The gendered impact of outbreaks and quarantine goes beyond biomedical and psychological aspects, and the socioeconomic impact of the pandemic is likely to affect the long-term care of women with diabetes, which creates an urgent need to create effective policies and interventions to promote optimal care in this vulnerable group.
[Development of a Predictive Model for Adverse Outcomes of Preeclampsia].; OBJECTIVE: To determine factors associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia and develop a predictive model. METHODS: Clinical data of 2 532 patients with preeclampsia who were admitted to our hospital from 2005 to 2014 were extracted for the study. The patients were divided into two groups, including 990 (39.1%) with adverse outcomes and 1 542 (60.9%) without adverse outcomes. Factors associated with adverse outcomes were identified through univariate analyses. The predictive model was developed through multivariate logistic regression analyses using a randomly selected sample containing 80% of the cases. The remaining 20% of cases served for the purpose of validation and the establishment of the ROC curve. RESULTS: Primiparas, educational attainments, prenatal care, multiple births, edema, chest pain, dyspnea, dizziness, headache, blurred vision, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, urine protein, liver and kidney functions were found to be associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia. Multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions entered into the logistic regression model (P<0.05). The Logit(P) model had a good fitness of data and 77.1% accuracy in predicting adverse outcomes. The area under the curve (AUC) of the ROC curve was 0.804 [P<0.01, 95% confidence interval CI): 0.758 to 0.849]. The highest sensitivity was achieved when the cut-off point set risk value at 0.300, [CM(155mm]with 58.6% patients having adverse outcomes representing 83.8% true positive rate and 46.8% false positive rate. CONCLUSION: Adverse outcomes of preeclampsia can be predicted through multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions. Risk value ≥0.300 is recommended.
Prepregnancy Migraine, Migraine Phenotype, and Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Migraine is a highly prevalent neurovascular disorder among reproductive-aged women. Whether migraine history and migraine phenotype might serve as clinically useful markers of obstetric risk is not clear. The primary objective of this study was to examine associations of prepregnancy migraine and migraine phenotype with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We estimated associations of self-reported physician-diagnosed migraine and migraine phenotype with adverse pregnancy outcomes in the prospective Nurses' Health Study II (1989-2009). Log-binomial and log-Poisson models with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and low birthweight. RESULTS: The analysis included 30,555 incident pregnancies after cohort enrollment among 19,694 participants without a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer. After adjusting for age, adiposity, and other health and behavioral factors, prepregnancy migraine (11%) was associated with higher risks of preterm delivery (RR = 1.17; 95% CI = 1.05-1.30), gestational hypertension (RR = 1.28; 95% CI = 1.11-1.48), and preeclampsia (RR = 1.40; 95% CI = 1.19-1.65) compared with no migraine. Migraine was not associated with low birthweight (RR = 0.99; 95% CI = 0.85-1.16) or GDM (RR = 1.05; 95% CI = 0.91-1.22). Risk of preeclampsia was somewhat higher among participants with migraine with aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.51; 95% CI = 1.22-1.88) than migraine without aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.30; 95% CI = 1.04-1.61; p-heterogeneity = 0.32), whereas other outcomes were similar by migraine phenotype. Participants with migraine who reported regular prepregnancy aspirin use had lower risks of preterm delivery (<2×/week RR = 1.24; 95% CI = 1.11-1.38; ≥2×/week RR = 0.55; 95% CI = 0.35-0.86; p-interaction < 0.01) and preeclampsia (<2×/week RR = 1.48; 95% CI = 1.25-1.75; ≥2×/week RR = 1.10; 95% CI = 0.62-1.96; p-interaction = 0.39); however, power for these stratified analyses was limited. DISCUSSION: Migraine history, and to a lesser extent migraine phenotype, appear to be important considerations in obstetric risk assessment and management. Future research should determine whether aspirin prophylaxis may be beneficial for preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant individuals with a history of migraine.
[Risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage in the neonatal intensive care unit of a municipal hospital].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage (NPH) in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of a municipal hospital, and to provide a basis for the early identification and treatment of NPH. METHODS: A total of 112 neonates who were admitted to the NICU of Shaoyang Central Hospital of Hunan Province and diagnosed with NPH were enrolled as the case group. A nested case-control method was used to select, as a control group (n=224), the neonates who underwent the treatment with an assisted mechanical ventilator and did not experience pulmonary hemorrhage. Univariate analysis and unconditional logistic regression analysis were used to identify the high risk factors for NPH. RESULTS: The univariate analysis showed that compared with the control group, the case group had significantly higher incidence rates of gestational diabetes and cholestasis in mothers, cesarean delivery, gestational age <34 weeks, 5-minute Apgar score ≤5, birth weight <2 500 g, heart failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) before the development of NPH, partial pressure of oxygen/fraction of inspired oxygen (oxygenation index, OI) ≤100, and a reduction in mean platelet volume. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that DIC, heart failure, and OI ≤100 were independent risk factors for NPH (OR=33.975, 3.975, 1.818 respectively; P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Heart failure, OI ≤100, and DIC are risk factors for the development of NPH in the NICU of the municipal hospital.
Identifying patients at risk of type 2 diabetes.; At present there are nearly 3 million people with diabetes in the UK. It is predicted that this number will almost double by 2025. Nine out of ten of these individuals will have type 2 diabetes. It is estimated that one in seven adults have impaired glucose regulation and up to 12% of these will develop type 2 diabetes each year. The impact of obesity on the development of type 2 diabetes cannot be overemphasised, with a 1 kg/m2 increase in BMI raising the risk of impaired fasting glycaemia by 9.5% and of developing new-onset type 2 diabetes by 8.4%. A 1 cm increase in waist circumference increases the risks by 3.2% and 3.5% respectively. NICE advises using a validated risk assessment tool to identify patients at risk of diabetes. Risk factors used by such tools include: age; ethnicity; weight; first-degree relative with type 2 diabetes; low birthweight and sedentary lifestyle. Certain comorbidities increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, these include: cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease; polycystic ovary syndrome; a history of gestational diabetes; and mental health problems. The initial screening blood test could be a fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, or an oral glucose tolerance test, according to WHO criteria. NICE recommends that high-risk patients should be offered a programme encouraging them to undertake a minimum of 150 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity a week, gradually lose weight to reach and maintain a BMI within the healthy range, increase consumption of whole grains, vegetables, and other foods that are high in dietary fibre, reduce the total amount of fat in their diet and eat less saturated fat.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates: A meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The objective is to identify the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in neonates by a meta-analysis, and to provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. METHODS: The databases, including Chinese Biomedical Literature Datebase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang database, and Weipu Periodical database, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, were searched for studies on the risk factors for NEC in neonates. The meta-analysis was carried out with the aid of Stata software. RESULTS: A total of 52 studies were included, with 48 case-control studies and 4 cohort studies. There were 166,580 neonates in total, with 33,522 neonates in the case group and 133,058 neonates in the control group. The meta-analysis showed that gestational diabetes (OR = 3.62, 95% CI:1.77-7.41), premature rupture of membranes (OR = 3.81, 95% CI:1.16-12.52), low birth weight (OR = 3.00, 95% CI:2.26-3.97), small for gestational age (OR = 1.85, 95% CI:1.15-2.97), septicemia (OR = 4.34, 95% CI:3.06-6.15), blood transfusion (OR = 3.08, 95% CI:2.16-4.38), congenital heart disease (OR = 2.73, 95% CI:1.10-6.78), respiratory distress syndrome (OR = 2.12, 95% CI:1.24-3.63), premature birth (OR = 5.63, 95% CI:2.91-10.92), pneumonia (OR = 4.07, 95% CI:2.84-5.82) were risk factors for NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.37, 95% CI:0.23-0.59), take probiotics (OR = 0.30, 95% CI:0.22-0.40), prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.39, 95% CI:0.30-0.50), Hyperbilirubinemia (OR = 0.28, 95% CI:0.09-0.86) were protective factors for NEC in neonates. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, low birth weight, small for gestational age, septicemia, blood transfusion, congenital heart disease, respiratory distress syndrome, premature birth, and pneumonia may increase the risk of NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding, taking probiotics, prenatal use of glucocorticoids, and Hyperbilirubinemia may reduce the risk of NEC in neonates.
Gestational Diabetes Epigenetically Reprograms the Cart Promoter in Fetal Ovary, Causing Subfertility in Adult Life.; Intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to disease conditions later in life. An example is gestational diabetes (GD), where the offspring has a higher risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, or cardiovascular disease in adult life. In this study, using two well-established GD (streptozotocin- and high-fat and high-sugar-induced) mouse models, we report that female offspring from GD dams are predisposed toward fertility problems later in life. This predisposition to fertility problems is due to altered ovarian expression of a peptide called cocaine- and amphetamine-regulated transcript (CART), which is known to negatively affect folliculogenesis and is induced by elevated leptin levels. Results show that the underlying cause of this altered expression is due to fetal epigenetic modifications involving glucose- and insulin-induced miRNA, miR-101, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway. These signaling events regulate Ezh2, a histone methyltransferase that promotes H3K27me3, a gene-repressive mark, and CBP/p300, a histone acetyltransferase that promotes H3K27ac, a transcription activation mark, in the fetal ovary. Moreover, the CART promoter has depleted 5-methylcytosine (5mC) and enriched 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmC) levels. The depletion of H3K27me3 and 5mC repressive marks and subsequent increase in H3K27ac and 5hmC gene-activating marks convert the Cartpt promoter to a "superpromoter." This makes the Cartpt promoter more sensitive to leptin levels that predispose the GD offspring to fertility problems. Therefore, this study provides a mechanistic insight about fetal epigenome reprogramming that manifests to ovarian dysfunction and subfertility later in adult life.
Consumption of red and processed meat during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective birth cohort study.; To investigate the association of red and processed meat intake with the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in Iranian mothers. A total of 635 pregnant mothers were included. Dietary intake was assessed by a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Intakes of total red meat, unprocessed red meat, and processed meat were calculated and then, Cox proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratios (HR) and 95%CIs of GDM across tertiles of red meat intake while controlling for age, occupation, pre-pregnancy body mass index, physical activities, history of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and pregnancy hypertension, order of pregnancy, nausea during current pregnancy, multivitamin use during current pregnancy, weight gain during current pregnancy and total energy intake. The average age of the mothers was 28.80 ± 5.09 years, the average pre-pregnancy body mass index was 25.13 ± 4.43 kg/m(2), and the average weight gain during pregnancy was 13.50 ± 5.03 kg. The multivariable-adjusted HRs of GDM for the third tertiles of red and processed meat, red meat, and processed meat intake were, respectively, 1.92 (95% CI 1.06, 3.49), 1.52 (95% CI 0.85, 2.72) and 1.31 (95% CI 0.73, 2.34) when compared to the first tertiles. Our prospective cohort study suggested that there was a positive association between the consumption of red and processed meat and with risk of GDM in a small sample of Iranian mothers with low red meat intake. More large-scale cohort studies in the Iranian population are needed to present more robust evidence in this regard.
Multidisciplinary management of cardiovascular disease in women: Delphi consensus.; BACKGROUND: Current clinical guidelines on cardiovascular disease (CVD) do not specifically address the female population. The aim of this consensus is to know the opinion of a group of experts on the management of CVD in women. METHODS: Through a Delphi consensus, 31 experts in cardiology, 9 in gynecology and obstetrics, and 14 primary care physicians, showed their degree of agreement on 44 items on CVD in women divided into the following groups: (1) risk factors and prevention strategies; (2) diagnosis and clinical manifestations; and (3) treatment and follow-up. RESULTS: After two rounds, consensus in agreement was reached on 27 items (61.4%). Most of the non-consensus items (31.8%) belonged to group 3. The lack of consensus in this group was mainly among gynecologists and primary care physicians. The panelists agreed on periodic blood pressure control during pregnancy and delivery to detect hypertensive disorders, especially in women with a history of preeclampsia and/or gestational hypertension, and diabetes mellitus control in those with gestational diabetes. Also, the panelists agreed that women receive statins at a lower intensity than men, although there was no consensus as to whether the efficacy of drug treatments differs between women and men. CONCLUSIONS: The high degree of consensus shows that the panelists are aware of the differences that exist between men and women in the management of CVD and the need to propose interventions to reduce this inequality. The low level of consensus reveals the lack of knowledge, and the need for information and training on this topic.
Thiazolidinediones -- some recent developments.; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and beta-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on beta-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary, with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of beta-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Enriches Immune-Related Pathways in the Transcriptome and Methylome of Human Amniocytes.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. OBJECTIVE: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. DESIGN: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. RESULTS: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). CONCLUSION: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions.
Understanding Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease Risk Communication and Management Among Women Veterans.; Background: Women veterans who experience certain conditions during pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes, are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Many women are unaware of this risk. Furthermore, women often face financial, socioeconomic, or physical challenges when trying to make healthy behavior modifications to reduce CVD risk. Objective: To examine Veterans' pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) risk conditions, risk identification, and risk communication with primary care providers. Research Design: Telephone/video interviews were conducted with female Veterans who had experienced at least one sex-specific CV risk condition during pregnancy. Interviews were recorded, transcribed, and analyzed using content analysis techniques. Major themes and representative quotes were derived. Results: Twenty-eight women Veterans participated in the study, conducted between October and December 2023. A majority of participants were racial/ethnic minorities, and the average age was 38. Four themes arose: (1) Veterans Affairs (VA) medical records may contain limited information regarding CV risk factors experienced during pregnancy; (2) strong relationships between Veterans and their VA primary care providers can facilitate management of CV risk factors following pregnancy; (3) some Veterans receive vague and/or conflicting recommendations for CV risk reduction following pregnancy; and (4) social determinants of health may play a key role in Veterans' ability to follow recommended CV risk reduction behaviors. Conclusions: Women Veterans with pregnancy-related CV risk conditions may not know that they are at increased risk of developing future CVD conditions, often because VA providers receive limited records from outside providers. Those who are aware often receive conflicting or vague recommendations to address these risk factors. When trying to follow CV health recommendations, many women have difficulty due to lack of finances, childcare, or safe areas. Future interventions should be aimed at improving access to medical records between outside and VA providers, patient education, and access to heart-healthy resources.
[Adiponectin as an adipose tissue hormone and its role in the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease].; Adiponectin, is a novel hormone secreted by the adipose tissue. This active protein plays a role in the regulation of whole body energy homeostasis. It enhances insulin sensitivity and has antiatherogenic properties, reduces hepatic glucose production, and diminishes gluconeogenesis. Adiponectin accelerates the oxidation process of fatty acids in muscle cells, reduces triglycerides plasma concentration. In addition, plasma adiponectin levels negatively correlated with BMI and fat content. Numerous analyses have indicated that hypoadiponectinemia is a consequence of the development of obesity in childhood. The adiponectin secretion in newborn children is higher than in older, an child small for gestational age has lower plasma concentration of this protein. Clinical studies suggest that adiponectin deficiency associates with gestational diabetes in women. However, serum adiponectin levels in type 1 diabetes have not been elucidated, probably factors other than glucose and insulin play a significant role in adiponectin secretion in type 1 diabetes.
Intrapartum Fetal Heart Rate: A Possible Predictor of Neonatal Acidemia and APGAR Score.; Background: Predicting perinatal outcomes based on patterns of fetal heart rate (FHR) remains a challenge. The aim of this study was to evaluate intrapartum FHR variability as predictor for neonatal acidemia and APGAR score. Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 552 childbirths. Multivariable linear regression models were used to assess the association between FHR variability and each of the following outcomes: arterial cord blood pH and base deficit, Apgar 1, and 5 scores. Variables used for adjustment were maternal age, comorbidities (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, maternal fever, and hypertension), parity, gravidity, uterine contractions, and newborn gestational age, and weight at birth. Results: The following factors were associated with an increased risk of metabolic acidosis and low Apgar scores at birth: increased mean and coefficient of variation (CV) of the FHR, type of delivery and decreased parity. Each 10-beat/min increase in the FHR was associated with an increase of 0.43 mEq/L in the base deficit, and a decrease of 0.01 in the pH, 0.2 in the Apgar 1, and 0.14 in the Apgar 5 scores. Each 10% increase in the CV of the FHR was associated with an increase of 4.05 mEq/L in the base deficit and a decrease of 0.13 in the pH, 1.31 in the Apgar 1, and 0.86 in the Apgar 5 scores. Conclusion: These data suggest the intrapartum FHR variability is physiologically relevant and can be used for predicting the acidemia and Apgar scores at birth of the newborn infants without severe cases of morbidity and from uncomplicated pregnancies.
Hypertension and diabetes in women.; Arterial hypertension and diabetes mellitus are two important and frequent risk factors for atherosclerosis and their association in the same patients is particularly elevated, suggesting something more than the simple causality due to their frequency. In women with diabetes mellitus, the risk of cardiovascular complications is similar to that in men with diabetes mellitus, a pattern completely different from that in the general population where the cardiovascular risk in women is significantly lower than in men. During the gestational period, the glucose metabolism may be reduced and there may be an elevation of blood pressure with or without proteinuria and both conditions have a negative prognostic impact for the mother and for the fetus. On the contrary, reduced glucose tolerance during pregnancy does not seem to represent an important risk factor. The advent of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring has allowed one to evaluate in more detail the pattern of blood pressure in normal pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus or hypertension.
Assessing Pregnancy, Gestational Complications, and Co-morbidities in Women With Congenital Heart Defects (Data from ICD-9-CM Codes in 3 US Surveillance Sites).; Improved treatment of congenital heart defects (CHDs) has resulted in women with CHDs living to childbearing age. However, no US population-based systems exist to estimate pregnancy frequency or complications among women with CHDs. Cases were identified in multiple data sources from 3 surveillance sites: Emory University (EU) whose catchment area included 5 metropolitan Atlanta counties; Massachusetts Department of Public Health (MA) whose catchment area was statewide; and New York State Department of Health (NY) whose catchment area included 11 counties. Cases were categorized into one of 5 mutually exclusive CHD severity groups collapsed to severe versus not severe; specific ICD-9-CM codes were used to capture pregnancy, gestational complications, and nongestational co-morbidities in women, age 11 to 50 years, with a CHD-related ICD-9-CM code. Pregnancy, CHD severity, demographics, gestational complications, co-morbidities, and insurance status were evaluated. ICD-9-CM codes identified 26,655 women with CHDs, of whom 5,672 (21.3%, range: 12.8% in NY to 22.5% in MA) had codes indicating a pregnancy. Over 3 years, age-adjusted proportion pregnancy rates among women with severe CHDs ranged from 10.0% to 24.6%, and 14.2% to 21.7% for women with nonsevere CHDs. Pregnant women with CHDs of any severity, compared with nonpregnant women with CHDs, reported more noncardiovascular co-morbidities. Insurance type varied by site and pregnancy status. These US population-based, multisite estimates of pregnancy among women with CHD indicate a substantial number of women with CHDs may be experiencing pregnancy and complications. In conclusion, given the growing adult population with CHDs, reproductive health of women with CHD is an important public health issue.
A Case Series on Critically Ill Pregnant or Newly Delivered Patients with Covid-19, Treated at Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm.; In this retrospective report, we present five cases of critically ill pregnant or newly delivered women positive for Covid-19 admitted to our obstetrical departments at Karolinska University Hospital. They compose 6% of eighty-three pregnant women that tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 during the period March 25 to May 4, 2020. Three patients were at the time of admission in gestational week between 21 + 4 and 22 + 5 and treated during their antenatal period; meanwhile, the other two were admitted within 1 week postpartum. All of them were in need of intensive care: one was treated with high flow oxygen therapy, the other four with invasive mechanical ventilation (three with endotracheal intubation and one with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation). Age above thirty, overweight, and gestational diabetes are notable factors in the cases presented. At the time of admission, they all presented with symptoms such as fever, cough, and dyspnea. Chest imaging with computer tomography scan was performed in each case and demonstrated multifocal pneumonic infiltrates in all of them, but no pulmonary embolism was confirmed in any. Neither did the echocardiogram indicate any cardiomyopathy. Four of the patients have been discharged from the hospital, with an average of 20 hospital days. One antenatal pregnant woman needed prolonged ECMO therapy; in gestational week 27 + 3, she went into cardiac arrest, resulting in an urgent C-section on maternal indication. At the time of writing, she is still hospitalized. In coherence with other published reports, our cases indicate that critically ill pregnant women infected by SARS-Cov-2 may develop severe respiratory distress syndrome requiring prolonged intensive care. The material is limited for conclusions to be made; more detailed information on symptoms, treatment, and outcomes for pregnant and postpartum women managed in intensive care is therefore needed.
Previous gestational diabetes impairs long-term endothelial function in a mouse model of complicated pregnancy.; Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitis (GDM) display endothelial dysfunction up to 1 yr after pregnancy, despite a return to normoglycemia. It is unknown whether this dysfunction was preexisting or whether GDM pregnancy leads to long-term endothelial dysfunction. A mouse model that spontaneously develops GDM (Lepr(db/+)) was used to determine whether the endothelial dysfunction that develops during GDM is evident in later life. Heterozygous and wild-type (WT) controls were allowed to litter once, then age to 9-10 mo, and were compared with virgin controls. Vascular function of small mesenteric arteries was assessed using wire myography. Concentration response curves to the thromboxane A(2)mimetic U46619 and the endothelium-dependent vasodilator methacholine were constructed. Superoxide production and peroxynitrite formation was also measured. Mice with previous GDM displayed blood glucose concentrations similar to previously pregnant WT mice (8.0 +/- 0.1 vs. 7.1 +/- 0.3 mmol/l, P > 0.05). Arteries from mice with previous GDM displayed increased sensitivity to U46619 (EC(50) 5.2 +/- 0.7 vs. 45.2 +/- 1.0 nmol/l, P < 0.01) and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation compared with WT controls (29 +/- 8 vs. 58 +/- 16 percent relaxation, P < 0.05). This was associated with increased superoxide production (93.3 +/- 2.3 vs. 64.6 +/- 1.6 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.001) and increased peroxynitrite formation (173.5 +/- 11.0 vs. 57.4 +/- 16.2 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.01) compared with virgin controls. In summary, endothelial dysfunction was evident in mice with previous GDM compared with previously healthy pregnant mice or virgin controls. These data suggest that GDM affects endothelial function and may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes among first nations women in Australia: The PANDORA study.; AIMS: To determine among First Nations and Europid pregnant women the cumulative incidence and predictors of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes and describe postpartum cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles. METHODS: PANDORA is a prospective longitudinal cohort of women recruited in pregnancy. Ethnic-specific rates of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes were reported for women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), gestational diabetes (GDM) or normoglycaemia in pregnancy over a short follow-up of 2.5 years (n = 325). Pregnancy characteristics and CVD risk profiles according to glycaemic status, and factors associated with postpartum diabetes/prediabetes were examined in First Nations women. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes among women with DIP or GDM were higher for First Nations women (48%, 13/27, women with DIP, 13%, 11/82, GDM), compared to Europid women (nil DIP or GDM p < 0.001). Characteristics associated with type 2 diabetes/prediabetes among First Nations women with GDM/DIP included, older age, multiparity, family history of diabetes, higher glucose values, insulin use and body mass index (BMI). CONCLUSIONS: First Nations women experience a high incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes after GDM/DIP, highlighting the need for culturally responsive policies at an individual and systems level, to prevent diabetes and its complications.
Pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease - early prevention strategies warranted.; We summarize convincing evidence that future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk increases one-fold to four-fold for women with a history of pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, placental abruption and preterm birth. A concomitant occurrence of two or more complications in the same pregnancy further potentiates the risk. These women should be informed of their future CVD risks during the postpartum check-up taking place after delivery, and also, if needed, treated, for example, for persisting high blood pressure. In these women with high blood pressure, check-up should take place within 7-10 days, and if severe hypertension, within 72 h. Women without diagnostic signs and symptoms should be examined for the first time 1-2 years postpartum and then at intervals of 2-3 years for a complete CVD risk profile including clinical and laboratory assessments. Women should be informed for future CVD risks and their effective prevention with healthy lifestyle factors. Combined oral contraceptives should be avoided or used with caution. If laboratory or other clinical findings indicate, then vigorous treatments consisting of non-medical and medical (antihypertensives, statins, antidiabetic and anti-obesity therapies) interventions should be initiated early with liberal indications and with ambitious therapeutic goals. Low-dose aspirin and menopausal hormone therapy should be used in selected cases. Active control and treatment policies of these women with pregnancy-related risks will likely result in decreases of CVD occurrence in later life.
Circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The concentration of asymmetrical dimethyl- L-arginine (ADMA), an endogenous inhibitor of the nitric oxide synthase, is increased in patients at risk or with cardiovascular disease. We have investigated ADMA concentrations in women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), who could develop endothelial dysfunction and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus after delivery, and in healthy control subjects. METHODS: Previous GDM patients were grouped according to their BMI as obese (> or =25 kg/m(2), n=46) or non-adipose (<25 kg/m(2), n=31). Serum samples were taken 14 to 16 weeks after delivery and after 1 year. The control group comprised 17 healthy women (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). ADMA concentrations were analysed by high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: ADMA concentrations were comparable between obese and non-adipose GDM patients (0.58+/-0.02 and 0.57+/-0.02 micro mol/l, respectively), and higher than in the control group (0.47+/-0.03 micro mol/l; p<0.006). Insulin resistance as estimated by the insulin sensitivity index was more frequent among the obese than the non-adipose GDM women (p<0.05) and control subjects (p<0.05, both). No change in ADMA concentrations was found after 1 year in women with GDM. There was only a slight correlation between ADMA and BMI (r=0.26, p<0.02), triglycerides (r=0.29, p<0.004), or fasting plasma glucose (r=0.21, p<0.05), and not with the insulin sensitivity index or other parameters. In a multiple regression analysis ADMA serum concentrations were only associated with triglycerides. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Circulating ADMA concentrations are increased in normoglycaemic women with previous GDM. This increase is independent from other risk factors or surrogate markers for diabetes or cardiovascular events.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcome of Maternal Obesity at RSCM in 2014-2019.; Obesity is a pandemic found in many countries. It is estimated that, in 2025, more than 21% of women in the world will suffer from obesity and its number keeps increasing yearly. Obesity in pregnancy is one of the important challenges in obstetric services given the prevalence and potential adverse effects on the mother and fetus. Obese women have a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, postpartum hemorrhage, cesarean delivery, and maternal death. The aim of this research is to determine the prevalence of maternal and perinatal complication in various obesity grades. This research was an observational descriptive study using the cross-sectional design. The inclusion criterion is obese pregnant women whose delivery was done in Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo National General Hospital (RSCM) from 2014 to 2019. The exclusion criterion in this study is the incomplete medical record. A total of 111 subjects were included in the study. Obesity grades in this study were based on World Health Organization (WHO) obesity, divided into 3 classifications which are obese I (30-34.9 kg/m(2)), obese II (35-39.9 kg/m(2)), and obese III (≥40 kg/m(2)). Maternal outcomes in this study were birth method, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and premature rupture of membrane (PROM). Perinatal outcomes in this study were preterm birth, birth weight, APGAR score, and postdelivery neonatal care. In this study, obese patients had a mean age of 31.23 years, mean gravida 2, parity 1, and abortion 0. Most of these patients used an intrauterine device (IUD) for family planning (74.8%). There were no differences in age, parity status, and family planning methods in each group of patients with different body mass index (p > 0.05). Maternal characteristics are the majority of deliveries performed cesarean delivery (86.5%), cases of diabetes mellitus are more common in obese I patients (50%), preeclampsia is more prevalent in obese grade II patients (34,4%), and premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is more common in patients with obese II (52,4%). However, there was no difference in the prevalence of maternal outcomes between groups. There was a median gestational age of 37 weeks in all obesity grades, the highest percentage of preterm births owned by obese II patients (32,6%), the mean birth weight of babies tends to increase along with the weighting of the body mass index group, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) treatment rooms were mostly occupied from mother with obese II groups (18%). There was no difference in the first-minute and fifth-minute APGAR scores between study groups (p > 0.05). There were no differences in perinatal outcomes between groups. There were no significant differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes prevalence between different obesity grades. However, the rate of maternal and perinatal complications in obese women is higher than the normal population, thus requiring sophisticated prevention and approach toward handling the pregnancy.
DNA methylation changes in cord blood and the developmental origins of health and disease - a systematic review and replication study.; BACKGROUND: Environmental exposures in utero which modify DNA methylation may have a long-lasting impact on health and disease in offspring. We aimed to identify and replicate previously published genomic loci where DNA methylation changes are attributable to in utero exposures in the NutriGen birth cohort studies Alliance. METHODS: We reviewed the literature to identify differentially methylated sites of newborn DNA which are associated with the following five traits of interest maternal diabetes, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), diet during pregnancy, smoking, and gestational age. We then attempted to replicate these published associations in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) and the South Asian birth cohort (START) cord blood epigenome-wide data. RESULTS: We screened 68 full-text articles and identified a total of 17 cord blood epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of the traits of interest. Out of the 290 CpG sites reported, 19 were identified in more than one study; all of them associated with maternal smoking. In CHILD and START EWAS, thousands of sites associated with gestational age were identified and maintained significance after correction for multiple testing. In CHILD, there was differential methylation observed for 8 of the published maternal smoking sites. No other traits tested (i.e., folate levels, gestational diabetes, birthweight) replicated in the CHILD or START cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal smoking during pregnancy and gestational age are strongly associated with differential methylation in offspring cord blood, as assessed in the EWAS literature and our birth cohorts. There are a limited number of reported methylation sites associated in more than two independent studies related to pregnancy. Additional large studies of diverse populations with fine phenotyping are needed to produce robust epigenome-wide data in order to further elucidate the effect of intrauterine exposures on the infants' methylome.
Liraglutide mitigates TNF-α induced pro-atherogenic changes and microvesicle release in HUVEC from diabetic women.; BACKGROUND: To evaluate whether exposure to GLP-1 receptor agonist Liraglutide could modulate pro-atherogenic alterations previously observed in endothelial cells obtained by women affected by gestational diabetes (GD), thus exposed in vivo to hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, and inflammation and to evaluate endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release, a new reliable biomarker of vascular stress/damage. METHODS: We studied Liraglutide effects and its plausible molecular mechanisms on monocyte cell adhesion and adhesion molecule expression and membrane exposure in control (C-) human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) as well as in HUVEC of women affected by GD exposed in vitro to TNF-α. In the same model, we also investigated Liraglutide effects on EMV release. RESULTS: In response to TNF-α, endothelial monocyte adhesion and VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane was greater in GD-HUVEC than C-HUVEC. This was the case also for EMV release. In GD-HUVEC, Liraglutide exposure significantly reduced TNF-α induced endothelial monocyte adhesion as well as VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane. In the same cells, Liraglutide exposure also reduced MAPK/NF-kB activation, peroxynitrite levels, and EMV release. CONCLUSIONS: TNF-α induced pro-atherogenic alterations are amplified in endothelial cells chronically exposed to hyperglycemia in vivo. Liraglutide mitigates TNF-α effects and reduces cell stress/damage indicators, such as endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release. These results foster the notion that Liraglutide could exert a protective effect against hyperglycemia and inflammation triggered endothelial dysfunction.
Does maternal race influence the short-term variation of the fetal heart rate? An historical cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: The main aim of this article was to analyze short-term variation (STV) of the fetal heart rate according to maternal race. The secondary aim was to study the baseline fetal heart rate according to this factor. STUDY DESIGN: This single-center historical cohort study covered the period from November 2008 through December 2011 (n=182). The inclusion criteria were: black women from sub-Saharan Africa or white European women, with a singleton pregnancy ≥34 weeks and fetal heart rate recorded by computerized analysis (Oxford Sonicaid System 8002) at a prenatal visit. The exclusion criteria were: medication likely to modify fetal heart rate, abnormal fetal heart rate tracing, and being in labor. A multiple linear regression analysis was used to study the association between maternal race and STV. RESULTS: STV was lower by 2.6ms in fetuses of black women (n=55) compared to those of white women (n=127) (8.9±2.1ms vs. 11.4±3.4ms) (p<0.001). The basal fetal heart rate was higher (p=0.001), and the recording criteria were met less often for the black women (p=0.04). After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index at the beginning of pregnancy, maternal cigarette smoking, parity, gestational diabetes, gestational age at the time of the fetal heart rate recording, and the time between the last meal and the recording, mean STV was lower by 3.1±0.6ms in fetuses of black compared with white women (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: STV is lower in fetuses of black women compared to those of white women in a low-risk population. A study of black and white women with high-risk pregnancies is necessary to assess the impact of medical practices on perinatal outcome after STV analysis.
Increased circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) in prepubertal children born prematurely: a possible link between prematurity and cardiovascular risk.; BACKGROUND: Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity and neovascularization. No studies have investigated EPCs in preterm-born children beyond infancy. METHODS: One hundred and thirty-six prepubertal children were enrolled: 63 preterm and 73 born at term (controls). Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(-) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were measured in preterm-born children compared to controls. Body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), neck circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, common carotid and abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (cIMT and aIMT, respectively), endothelium-dependent brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), and echocardiographic parameters were also assessed. RESULTS: Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(-) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born children compared to controls (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). In total study population and in the preterm-born group, EPCs were significantly lower in children born to mothers with gestational diabetes compared to non-diabetic mothers. Prematurity was associated with higher WHR, neck circumference, SBP, DBP, cIMT, aIMT, mean pressure, and velocity of pulmonary artery; the peak velocity of the brachial artery was significantly lower in children born prematurely. In multiple regression analysis, preterm birth and maternal gestational diabetes were recognized as independent predictors of EPCs. CONCLUSIONS: Circulating EPCs were increased in prepubertal preterm-born children in comparison with peers born full-term. Maternal gestational diabetes was associated with a decrease in EPCs. IMPACT: Mounting evidence supports the adverse effect of prematurity on cardiovascular health. However, the underlying mechanisms that could lead to endothelial dysfunction in preterm-born individuals are not fully understood. Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity, normal endothelial function and neovascularization. No studies have investigated the EPCs counts in peripheral blood beyond infancy in children born prematurely. Circulating EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born prepubertal children compared to controls, thus indicating that prematurity is possibly associated with endothelial damage. In total study population and in the preterm-born group, maternal gestational diabetes was associated with decreased EPCs concentrations.
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with Turner syndrome: A single centre experience.; OBJECTIVE: Many women with Turner syndrome (TS) will consider fertility options and pregnancy. We wished to examine the fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with TS undergoing oocyte donation (OD) treatment or spontaneous pregnancy in a large single-centre cohort. General population reference data or data from those with idiopathic premature ovarian insufficiency were used as comparators. DESIGN: A retrospective single-centre cross-sectional study. PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Seventy-four women with TS underwent OD treatment with a total of 105 pregnancies, and 31 women with TS had 71 spontaneous conceptions. Fertility outcomes included clinical pregnancy and live birth rate. Pregnancy outcomes included miscarriage rate, prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, lower segment caesarean section (LSCS), small for gestational age (SGA), prematurity and vertical transmission of TS. RESULTS: In those with TS, OD pregnancies were associated with increased rates of LSCS and SGA compared to spontaneous pregnancies; LSCS (OR: 4.19, 95% CI: 1.6-10.8, p = .003) and SGA (OR: 2.92, 95% CI: 1.02-8.38, p = .04). There were no recorded cardiac events but 5 (17.2%) cases of vertical transmissions of TS in daughters were identified. OD in those with TS was associated with a lower live birth rate per cycle started (OR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.34-0.84, p = .008) and a higher rate of miscarriage compared to women with POI (40% vs. 26.2%, p = .04). CONCLUSIONS: We show that pregnancy in women with TS, whether OD or spontaneously conceived, carries obstetric risks, and therefore, women with TS, considering pregnancy, should receive comprehensive pre-pregnancy counselling and optimal obstetric care.
Women-specific predictors of cardiovascular disease risk - new paradigms.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted CVD mortality in the past few years. Although traditional risk factors for CVD are predictors of increased risk in both men and women, risk factors that are unique to women and related to their reproductive history have recently been considered to be important. The development of CVD in women may correlate with specific events taking place throughout a woman's obstetric and gynaecological history. Gynaecological conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome, premature ovarian failure, surgical and spontaneous menopause, and conditions related to pregnancy, i.e. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriages, and preterm birth, may affect the onset, clinical features, and prognosis of CVD later in women's lives. These pathological conditions that develop during the fertile period of life or peri-menopause have been suggested to be early markers of future CVD; their presence presents a unique opportunity for the early identification of women who may be at an increased risk of CVD. The assessment of CV risk in women should not just focus on conventional risk factors but also on different aspects of the gynaecological history to allow specific preventive and therapeutic strategies to be established. This paper reviews the various pathological conditions occurring in women during their fertile period of life and peri-menopause, which have been identified to potentially increase CVD risk.
Association between pregnancy-related complications and development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women: an umbrella review.; BACKGROUND: Despite many systematic reviews and meta-analyses examining the associations of pregnancy complications with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension, previous umbrella reviews have only examined a single pregnancy complication. Here we have synthesised evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses on the associations of a wide range of pregnancy-related complications with risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. METHODS: Medline, Embase and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched from inception until 26 September 2022 for systematic reviews and meta-analysis examining the association between pregnancy complications and risk of T2DM and hypertension. Screening of articles, data extraction and quality appraisal (AMSTAR2) were conducted independently by two reviewers using Covidence software. Data were extracted for studies that examined the risk of T2DM and hypertension in pregnant women with the pregnancy complication compared to pregnant women without the pregnancy complication. Summary estimates of each review were presented using tables, forest plots and narrative synthesis and reported following Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews (PRIOR) guidelines. RESULTS: Ten systematic reviews were included. Two pregnancy complications were identified. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): One review showed GDM was associated with a 10-fold higher risk of T2DM at least 1 year after pregnancy (relative risk (RR) 9.51 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.14 to 12.67) and although the association differed by ethnicity (white: RR 16.28 (95% CI 15.01 to 17.66), non-white: RR 10.38 (95% CI 4.61 to 23.39), mixed: RR 8.31 (95% CI 5.44 to 12.69)), the between subgroups difference were not statistically significant at 5% significance level. Another review showed GDM was associated with higher mean blood pressure at least 3 months postpartum (mean difference in systolic blood pressure: 2.57 (95% CI 1.74 to 3.40) mmHg and mean difference in diastolic blood pressure: 1.89 (95% CI 1.32 to 2.46) mmHg). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP): Three reviews showed women with a history of HDP were 3 to 6 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks after pregnancy compared to women without HDP (meta-analysis with largest number of studies: odds ratio (OR) 4.33 (3.51 to 5.33)) and one review reported a higher rate of T2DM after HDP (hazard ratio (HR) 2.24 (1.95 to 2.58)) at least a year after pregnancy. One of the three reviews and five other reviews reported women with a history of preeclampsia were 3 to 7 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks postpartum (meta-analysis with the largest number of studies: OR 3.90 (3.16 to 4.82) with one of these reviews reporting the association was greatest in women from Asia (Asia: OR 7.54 (95% CI 2.49 to 22.81), Europe: OR 2.19 (95% CI 0.30 to 16.02), North and South America: OR 3.32 (95% CI 1.26 to 8.74)). CONCLUSIONS: GDM and HDP are associated with a greater risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Common confounders adjusted for across the included studies in the reviews were maternal age, body mass index (BMI), socioeconomic status, smoking status, pre-pregnancy and current BMI, parity, family history of T2DM or cardiovascular disease, ethnicity, and time of delivery. Further research is needed to evaluate the value of embedding these pregnancy complications as part of assessment for future risk of T2DM and chronic hypertension.
Pregnancy outcomes among leukemia survivors: a population-based study on 14.5 million births.; PURPOSE: Leukemia is the most common cancer among children and young adults and an increasing number of affected patients can expect a full recovery and long-term survival. The study objective was to determine the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and to examine the maternal and fetal outcomes of this population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study on all births recorded in the Health - Care Cost and Utilization Project - Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 1999 and 2014. We measured the prevalence of leukemia survivors in pregnancy and performed multivariate logistic regression to calculate adjusted odds ratios for maternal and fetal outcomes among this group compared to a nonaffected one. RESULTS: Our cohort consisted of 14,513,587 births, of which 1,269 were to women with a history of leukemia or leukemia in remission, corresponding to a prevalence of 8.74 per 100,000 births. The prevalence rose steadily over the 16-year study period. Pregnant women who were leukemia survivors were more likely to experience gestational diabetes (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.08-1.70), threatened preterm labor (1.50, 1.09-2.08), venous thromboembolism (4.40, 2.86-6.78), and to require blood transfusions (1.89, 1.24-2.88). Preterm deliveries (1.25, 1.02-1.54) and congenital anomalies (2.32, 1.39-3.86) among their newborns were also more common. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women has been steadily rising. While the disease may no longer be active during their pregnancy, leukemia survivors appeared to have increased risks of several adverse outcomes and as such, should be monitored closely in centers with access to specialized care.
Obstetric outcomes during delivery hospitalizations among obese pregnant women in the United States.; The rates of both maternal and fetal adverse outcomes increase significantly with higher body mass index. The aim of this study was to calculate national estimates of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and associated hospitalization cost among obese pregnant women using a national database. This study was a retrospective analysis of data retrieved from Nationwide Inpatient Sample database, collected during 2010-2014. The primary outcomes of this study were adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, hospital length of stay, and hospitalization cost. There was a total of 18,687,217 delivery-related hospitalizations, of which 1,048,323 were among obese women. Obese women were more likely to have cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.70, 95% CI 1.62-1.79) and labor inductions (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.42-1.60), greater length of stay after cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.14, 95% CI 1.08-1.36) and vaginal deliveries (aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.23-1.77). They were also more likely to have pregnancy-related hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, venous thromboembolism, excessive fetal growth, and fetal distress. Obese pregnant women had significantly greater risk for adverse obstetrical outcomes, which substantially increased the hospital and economic burden. Risk stratification of pregnant patients based on obesity could also help obstetricians to make better clinical decisions and improve patient outcomes.
Updating the evidence on physical activity and health in women.; OBJECTIVE: This narrative review updates evidence from the last 10 years on physical activity (PA) and the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer in women. METHODS: A literature search was conducted to identify prospective cohort studies published from January 1997 to February 2006. RESULTS: There were significant reductions in risk in 12 of 17 studies of cardiovascular outcomes (risk reductions ranging from 28% to 58%), in seven of eight studies of diabetes (14% to 46%), in seven of ten studies of breast cancer (11% to 67%), in two of two studies of endometrial cancer (68% to 90%), and in one of three studies of colorectal cancer (31% to 46%). There was mixed evidence for PA preventing gestational diabetes (three studies) and a range of other cancers (13 studies). Protective benefits for cardiovascular disease and diabetes were reported with as little as 60 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity per week (240 Metabolic Equivalent (MET) minutes or 4 MET hours), with walking and moderate-intensity physical activity providing risk reductions comparable to those for the equivalent energy expenditure from more vigorous-intensity physical activity. CONCLUSIONS: There is strong evidence of a role for PA in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and some cancers in women. There was no evidence of additional health benefits from vigorous-intensity PA, over and above those achieved from walking or moderate-intensity PA. This may be because, in most studies, there was limited reporting of vigorous PA by women. For some health outcomes, the amount of PA required for health benefits in middle-aged and older women might be lower than current national recommendations.
Ambulatory blood pressure and its variability in adults born preterm.; Adults born preterm have higher blood pressure (BP) than those born at term. Most studies have focused on preterm birth, and few have assessed BP variability, an independent risk factor of cardiovascular disease. We studied the association of preterm birth with 24-hour ambulatory BP, measured by an oscillometric device, in 42 young adults born early preterm (<34 weeks), 72 born late preterm (34-36 weeks), and 103 controls (≥37 weeks). Sleep was confirmed with accelerometry in 72.4% of subjects. The 24-hour systolic BP of adults born early preterm was 5.5 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 1.9-9.3), awake systolic BP was 6.4 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 2.8-10.1), and sleeping systolic BP was 2.9 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval 0.3-7.5) when adjusted for age, sex, and use of accelerometry. The differences remained similar when adjusted for height, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, parental education, maternal body mass index, smoking during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus and attenuated slightly when adjusted for maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders. Adults born early preterm also had higher BP variability as indicated by higher individual standard deviations of systolic BP and diastolic BP. Although our results were consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter gestation and higher BP, the difference between the late preterm and term groups was not statistically significant. Our results suggest that the higher BP in adults born early preterm is present during both waking and sleeping hours, may be more pronounced during waking hours, and is accompanied by higher individual BP variability.
Metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective cohort of nulliparous women.; BACKGROUND: Obesity increases the risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE), which both associate with increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) associates with T2DM and CVD. The impact of maternal MetS on pregnancy outcomes, in nulliparous pregnant women, has not been investigated. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Low-risk, nulliparous women were recruited to the multi-centre, international prospective Screening for Pregnancy Endpoints (SCOPE) cohort between 11 November 2004 and 28 February 2011. Women were assessed for a range of demographic, lifestyle, and metabolic health variables at 15 ± 1 weeks' gestation. MetS was defined according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria for adults: waist circumference ≥80 cm, along with any 2 of the following: raised trigycerides (≥1.70 mmol/l [≥150 mg/dl]), reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l [<50 mg/dl]), raised blood pressure (BP) (i.e., systolic BP ≥130 mm Hg or diastolic BP ≥85 mm Hg), or raised plasma glucose (≥5.6 mmol/l). Log-binomial regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome (GDM, PE, large for gestational age [LGA], small for gestational age [SGA], and spontaneous preterm birth [sPTB]) with each of the 5 individual components for MetS and as a composite measure (i.e., MetS, as defined by the IDF). The relative risks, adjusted for maternal BMI, age, study centre, ethnicity, socioeconomic index, physical activity, smoking status, depression status, and fetal sex, are reported. A total of 5,530 women were included, and 12.3% (n = 684) had MetS. Women with MetS were at an increased risk for PE by a factor of 1.63 (95% CI 1.23 to 2.15) and for GDM by 3.71 (95% CI 2.42 to 5.67). In absolute terms, for PE, women with MetS had an adjusted excess risk of 2.52% (95% CI 1.51% to 4.11%) and, for GDM, had an adjusted excess risk of 8.66% (95% CI 5.38% to 13.94%). Diagnosis of MetS was not associated with increased risk for LGA, SGA, or sPTB. Increasing BMI in combination with MetS increased the estimated probability for GDM and decreased the probability of an uncomplicated pregnancy. Limitations of this study are that there are several different definitions for MetS in the adult population, and as there are none for pregnancy, we cannot be sure that the IDF criteria are the most appropriate definition for pregnancy. Furthermore, MetS was assessed in the first trimester and may not reflect pre-pregnancy metabolic health status. CONCLUSIONS: We did not compare the impact of individual metabolic components with that of MetS as a composite, and therefore cannot conclude that MetS is better at identifying women at risk. However, more than half of the women who had MetS in early pregnancy developed a pregnancy complication compared with just over a third of women who did not have MetS. Furthermore, while increasing BMI increases the probability of GDM, the addition of MetS exacerbates this probability. Further studies are required to determine if individual MetS components act synergistically or independently.
The effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2: A Systematic Review.; REVIEW QUESTION/OBJECTIVE: The objective of this systematic review is to synthesise the best available evidence on the effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2.The specific review question is:What is the effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2? BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes results from the body's ineffective use of insulin. Diabetes is a group of diseases marked by high levels of blood glucose resulting from defects in insulin production, insulin action, or both.Type 2 diabetes was previously called non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset diabetes. According to 2011 National Diabetes Fact Sheet, diabetes affected 25.8 million people of all ages of United States population during 2005-2008, include 18.8 million diagnosed people and seven million undiagnosed people. Among United States residents ages 65 years and older, 10.9 million, or 26.9 percent, had diabetes in 2010. Recent World Health Organization (WHO) calculations indicate diabetes kills more than one million people annually, almost 80% of which occur in low- and middle-income countries. Almost half of diabetes deaths occur in people aged under 70 years; 55% of diabetes deaths are in women. WHO projects that diabetes deaths will double between 2005 and 2030.Type 2 diabetes is associated with older age, obesity, family history of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, impaired glucose metabolism, physical inactivity, and race. It is a common outcome of uncontrolled blood sugar and over time leads to serious complications including hypertension, blindness, kidney damage, lower-limb amputations, heart disease, and stroke. Good glycaemic control is a major goal in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus to prevent and delay those severe long-term complications. Physical activity is considered to be a substantial part of the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus, as well as diet and medication. Physical activity is a common physiological stressor that causes perturbation to glucose homeostasis and energy needs.Several studies have reported the effects of physical activity on improving insulin sensitivity, cardio-respiratory fitness, glycaemic control, and psychosocial well-being. The American Diabetes Association suggests that people with type 2 diabetes spend at least 150 minutes a week on moderate-intensity physical activity (50-70% of maximum heart rate), or at least 90 minutes a week on vigorous physical activity (>70% of maximum heart rate). Recent studies also indicate that moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity could help type 2 diabetes patients to maintain ideal glycaemic control. Boule et al found physical activity training could reduce haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (control group vs. exercise group: 8.31% vs. 7.65%) by 0.66%. This is close to the effect of intense glucose-lowering pharmacological treatment found in the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study. A 1% absolute decrease in the HbA1c value is associated with a 15% to 20% decrease in major cardiovascular events and a 37% reduction in microvascular complications.According to Zhao, Ford, Chaoyang's report (2011), only 25-42% of older adults with diabetes mellitus met recommendations for total physical activity based on the 2007 American Diabetes Association and 2008 Department of Health and Human Services guidelines. Various barriers to regular physical activity had been described, such as health problems, lack of time or energy, no exercise partner, lack of family support, and motivation and working time. An active lifestyle does not require complex exercise programmes. Instead, regular daily physical activity is believed to enable individuals to reduce the risk of chronic diseases and may enhance their quality of life. Recently, it has been thought that, instead of structured physical activity, lifestyle physical activity is a better alternative for diabetes patients. Moderate or vigorous lifestyle or leisure time physical activities included jogging, walking, gardening, tai chi chuan, and qigong (an ancient Chinese breathing exercise that combines aerobics, isometric and isotonic movements and meditation). According to data from recent studies, moderate physical leisure time activities for at least 60 minutes every week can effectively improve glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2.Those measure indicators of glycaemic control including glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) were used to assess glycaemic control in diabetic patients. HbA1c value reflects the mean plasma glucose concentration over two to three months. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) reflect short-term plasma glucose change. Glycated haemoglobin is a form ofhaemoglobin that is measured primarily to identify the averageplasmaglucoseconcentration over prolonged periods of time. The fasting plasma glucose test measures fasting blood sugar levels and the postprandial plasma glucose test is often used to test the effectiveness of the body's carbohydrate metabolism and the ability to produce insulin. In 2010, Psaltopoulou et al gathered current information from meta-analyses on dietary and lifestyle practices concerning reduction of risk to develop type 2 diabetes. In 2009, Thomas et al completed a systematic review in which fourteen randomised controlled trials involving a total of 377 participants comparing exercise against no exercise in type 2 diabetes were identified. Trials ranged from eight weeks to twelve months duration. Compared with the control, the exercise intervention significantly improved glycaemic control as indicated by a decrease in glycated haemoglobin levels of 0.6%. This systematic review will differ from these two previously published reviews in that it aims to explore the effectiveness of different kinds of moderate or vigorous physical leisure time activities in improving glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2. A search of MEDLINE, DARE database, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library of Systematic Reviews and Joanna Briggs Institute Library of Systematic Reviews found no existing reviews or review underway on this topic.
Reference-range of arterial stiffness by cardio-ankle vascular index in normal pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To establish the arterial stiffness, represented by the cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) at various gestational ages among low-risk pregnant women. The second objective is to construct the reference range of mean arterial pressure and maternal heart rate during pregnancy. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted on low risk pregnant Thai women, meeting the following inclusion criteria: 1) singleton pregnant women aged 18 years old or over; 2) gestational age between 11 and 40 weeks; 3) low-risk pregnancy without any underlying medical diseases; and 4) known final pregnancy outcomes. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal growth restriction were excluded. The mean CAVI, mean arterial pressure (MAP), and heart rate were measured at each gestational age. RESULTS: A total of 329 measurements for each parameter were available for analysis. CAVI was significantly correlated with gestational age with the best fitted model: CAVI = 6.952 - 0.076(GA) + 0.001(GA)(2); SD = 0.742 (R(2) = 0.049; p-value < 0.001). The maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI were correlated with CAVI. CAVI gradually increased with maternal age and decreased with increasing body mass index (BMI). The MAP and heart rate of normal pregnancy in each gestation were conducted. CONCLUSION: The reference range of CAVI in normal pregnancies as a function of gestational age and the model for predicting CAVI based on multiple regression analysis are constructed and presented. These reference ranges may be useful in predicting risk of cardiovascular disorders during pregnancy.
Impact of maternal hyperglycemia on cardiac development: Insights from animal models.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the leading cause of birth defect-related death in infants and is a global pediatric health concern. While the genetic causes of CHD have become increasingly recognized with advances in genome sequencing technologies, the etiology for the majority of cases of CHD is unknown. The maternal environment during embryogenesis has a profound impact on cardiac development, and numerous environmental factors are associated with an elevated risk of CHD. Maternal diabetes mellitus (matDM) is associated with up to a fivefold increased risk of having an infant with CHD. The rising prevalence of diabetes mellitus has led to a growing interest in the use of experimental diabetic models to elucidate mechanisms underlying this associated risk for CHD. The purpose of this review is to provide a comprehensive summary of rodent models that are being used to investigate alterations in cardiac developmental pathways when exposed to a maternal diabetic setting and to summarize the key findings from these models. The majority of studies in the field have utilized the chemically induced model of matDM, but recent advances have also been made using diet based and genetic models. Each model provides an opportunity to investigate unique aspects of matDM and is invaluable for a comprehensive understanding of the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying matDM-associated CHD.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction after gestation is associated to components of insulin resistance and early type 2 diabetes in latino women with previous gestational diabetes.; Among patients with metabolic syndrome (MS), atherosclerosis and abnormal fibrinolytic function are frequently present, mostly owing to an increase in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1(PAI-1). We analyze PAI-1 in pregnant women, both normal and with gestational diabetes (GDM) and postpartum regarding its correlation to MS surrogates. Clinical characteristics, glucose tolerance (100g-OGTT), lipids, PAI-1 antigen, insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S), and pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B) were investigated in 34 women. Eleven had normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy and 23 had GDM (all GAD antibodies-negative). All patients were studied at 28-34 weeks of gestation and 16-24 weeks after delivery (75 g-OGTT). Parameters of interest were determined using commercial test systems. During pregnancy, PAI-1 was not statistically different between NGT and GDM (47+/-25 ng/ml versus 47+/-28 ng/ml, p=0.9). After gestation, 19 (56%) women had NGT (11 of them from previous NGT group) and 15 (44%) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or DM. The IGT (IGT+DM) group had higher PAI-1 (p=0.01), which did not decreased after delivery NGT-NGT before and after delivery (47+/-25 ng/ml versus 6+/-5 ng/ml; p<0.001), GDM-NGT (62+/-36 ng/ml versus 14+/-15 ng/ml; p=0.001) and GDM-IGT (39+/-20 ng/ml versus 27+/-23 ng/ml; p=0.15). PAI-1 levels were positively correlated (p<0.05) to total cholesterol (r(s)=0.37), triglycerides (r(s)=0.48), fasting plasma glucose (r(s)=0.52), 2-h plasma glucose in the OGTT (r(s)=0.58) and were negatively correlated (p<0.05) with HOMA-S (r(s)=-0.42) and HOMA-B (r(s)=-0.38). Fibrinolytic dysfunction is still present in GDM women and is associated with early development of IGT or T2DM. PAI correlated with surrogate markers of MS levels and may identify a group of women at risk for macroangiopathy.
Maternal adiposity and perinatal and offspring outcomes: an umbrella review.; Maternal adiposity deleteriously affects obstetrical health and has been associated with long-term adverse consequences in offspring. Here we conducted an umbrella review encompassing 194 observational meta-analyses, 10 Mendelian randomization studies and 748 interventional meta-analyses to appraise the published evidence on the associations between maternal adiposity and perinatal and offspring outcomes. Evidence grading suggested that 17 (8.8%) observational meta-analyses were supported by convincing evidence for 12 outcomes: maternal adiposity was associated with an increased risk of caesarean delivery following labour induction, infant mortality, Apgar score <7 at 1 min, antenatal depression, offspring overweight and obesity, early timing of puberty onset in daughters, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, cerebral palsy, congenital heart disease and spina bifida (OR/RR ranging from 1.14 to 2.31), as well as increased offspring body fat percent and fat mass (SMD 0.31 and 0.35, respectively). Among these outcomes, interventional meta-analyses supported that maternal weight loss interventions significantly reduced the risk of antenatal depression but not low Apgar scores; these interventions also could not reduce offspring fat mass or body fat percent. Evidence from Mendelian randomization studies supported a causal relationship between maternal adiposity and gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, birth size and offspring adiposity. Our findings highlight that while observational meta-analyses reveal associations between maternal adiposity and various adverse perinatal and offspring outcomes, convincing, unbiased evidence or support from Mendelian randomization studies is limited. Maternal pre-conceptional and prenatal weight loss interventions can reduce some, but not all, of these adverse effects.
Update: Complications and care related to pregnancy, labor and delivery, active component, U.S. Armed Forces, 2001-2010.; Diagnoses of "complications of pregnancy, childbirth, and the puerperium" (ICD-9-CM: 630-679) include both morbid complications and indications for routine care of pregnant women. During 2001-2010, U.S. service members with live births (n=156,314) had 1.16 million medical encounters with primary diagnoses of "pregnancy complications". The most frequent diagnoses were "other current conditions", "other threatened labor" (e.g., false labor), "previous cesarean delivery" and "normal delivery". The number of complication-related medical encounters per pregnancy more than doubled during 2001-2010. Diagnoses of gestational diabetes, previous cesarean delivery and advanced maternal age contributed to the largest increases in pregnancy-related medical encounters during the period. The complications that accounted for the largest increases in the percents of pregnancies affected by them were urinary tract infections, fetal heart rate/rhythm abnormalities and back pain in pregnancy.
The grand multipara in modern obstetrics.; From April 1985 to March 1986, 1,252 women were admitted for delivery at the Al Hada Armed Forces Hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Of these, 224 (17.9%) were grand multiparas (GM) defined as mothers of parity greater than or equal to 6. History, labor and delivery as well as postpartum and neonatal courses were recorded using computerized records for later statistical calculations. The obstetric and perinatal outcome was calculated comparing the GMs to para-1 mothers and para-2-5 patients (P2-5), respectively. The latter group being empirically considered as the 'ideal' patient group. On comparing the GM group to that of P2-5, significantly higher frequencies of intercurrent diseases, especially diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, were found. Among GMs, transverse lie, primary uterine inertia, fetal heart rate abnormalities, failure to progress and postpartum hemorrhage were encountered significantly more often than in the other groups. The incidence of placenta previa was likewise significantly increased among the GMs as was the number of cesarean sections, particularly those of the primary emergency type. There was no maternal mortality. The perinatal morbidity was significantly higher in the GM group. However, no significant difference in perinatal mortality was found between the groups. It is concluded that with few exceptions the GM can be safely delivered by means of modern obstetric management.
Effect of thiazolidinedione treatment on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women at high risk for type 2 diabetes.; We tested the effects of treatment with a thiazolidinedione drug on rates of progression of carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and some putative determinants of CIMT in young women at high risk for type 2 diabetes. A total of 266 nondiabetic, Hispanic women with recent gestational diabetes were randomized to placebo or troglitazone. CIMT measurements were made at baseline, annually, and at study end, together with measurements of obesity, serum lipids, and glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance tests. Insulin sensitivity (minimal model analysis) was measured at baseline and 3 months later. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates between treatment groups and investigate potential determinants of differences in CIMT progression. One hundred ninety-two women had a CIMT measurement at baseline and at least one follow-up visit. The mean rate of CIMT change was 31% lower in women assigned to troglitazone (P = 0.048). This intergroup difference was not explained by baseline or on-trial differences in obesity, lipids, glucose, or insulin. The reduction in CIMT progression developed gradually, occurred only in women who had an increase in insulin sensitivity, and was unrelated to the presence of the metabolic syndrome at baseline. Troglitazone reduced the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis via a mechanism that involved unmeasured mediators of atherosclerosis, either in the circulation or directly in the arterial wall.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-term Maternal Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, are associated with increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease. Little is known about whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). OBJECTIVE: To review and synthesize the published literature on adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery) and subsequent maternal CKD and ESKD. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science were searched from inception to July 31, 2019, for cohort and case-control studies of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal CKD and ESKD. STUDY SELECTION: Selected studies included the following: a population of pregnant women, exposure to an adverse pregnancy outcome of interest, and at least 1 primary outcome (CKD or ESKD) or secondary outcome (hospitalization or death due to kidney disease). Adverse pregnancy outcomes included exposure to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or chronic hypertension), preterm delivery (<37 weeks), and gestational diabetes. Three reviewers were involved in study selection. Of 5656 studies retrieved, 23 were eligible for inclusion. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The Meta-analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines were followed throughout. Three reviewers extracted data and appraised study quality. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to calculate overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes included CKD and ESKD diagnosis, defined using established clinical criteria (estimated glomerular filtration rate or albuminuria values) or hospital records. The protocol for this systematic review was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018110891). RESULTS: Of 23 studies included (5 769 891 participants), 5 studies reported effect estimates for more than 1 adverse pregnancy outcome. Preeclampsia was associated with significantly increased risk of CKD (pooled adjusted risk ratio [aRR], 2.11; 95% CI, 1.72-2.59), ESKD (aRR, 4.90; 95% CI, 3.56-6.74), and kidney-related hospitalization (aRR, 2.65; 95% CI, 1.03-6.77). Gestational hypertension was associated with increased risk of CKD (aRR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.11-2.01) and ESKD (aRR, 3.64; 95% CI, 2.34-5.66). Preterm preeclampsia was associated with increased risk of ESKD (aRR, 5.66; 95% CI, 3.06-10.48); this association with ESKD persisted for women who had preterm deliveries without preeclampsia (aRR, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.64-2.66). Gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of CKD among black women (aRR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.18-2.70), but not white women (aRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.58-1.13). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this meta-analysis, exposure to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, was associated with higher risk of long-term kidney disease. The risk of ESKD was highest among women who experienced preeclampsia. A systematic approach may be warranted to identify women at increased risk of kidney disease, particularly after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and to optimize their long-term follow-up.
Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy.; The spectrum of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) ranges from mild snoring to obstructive sleep apnea, the most severe form of SDB. Current recommendations are to treat these women with continuous positive airway pressure despite limited data. SDB in early and mid-pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea at delivery were at significantly increased risk of having cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, pulmonary embolism, and in-hospital death. These effects were exacerbated in the presence of obesity. Postpartum, these women are at risk for respiratory suppression and should be monitored.
Acanthosis nigricans: a common finding in overweight youth.; We evaluated the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans among urban youth. Youth (7-17 years) at nine pediatric practices completed surveys on demographics and family history of diabetes and had weight and height measured. Acanthosis nigricans was scored and digital photography of the neck performed. A total of 618 youth were included in the analysis: mean age 11.5 years; 51% female; 61% African American, 27% Hispanic, 12% Caucasian, and 32% with body mass index >or=95th percentile. Acanthosis was found in 19%, 23%, and 4% of the African American, Hispanic, and Caucasian youth, respectively, and in 62% of youth with a body mass index >or=98 th percentile. Using multiple logistic regression, we found increasing body mass index z-score, presence of maternal gestational diabetes, female gender, and not being Caucasian each were independently associated with acanthosis nigricans. Acanthosis was common among overweight youth and was associated with risk factors for glucose homeostasis abnormalities. Acanthosis nigricans can be a trigger to counsel families on its causes and consequences; and thus motivate them to make healthy lifestyle changes that can decrease the risk of developing cardiovascular disease or diabetes.
Vitamin D and pregnancy: An old problem revisited.; Vitamin D has historically been considered to play a role solely in bone and calcium metabolism. Human disease associations and basic physiological studies suggest that vitamin D deficiency is plausibly implicated in adverse health outcomes including mortality, malignancy, cardiovascular disease, immune functioning and glucose metabolism. There is considerable evidence that low maternal levels of 25 hydroxyvitamin D are associated with adverse outcomes for both mother and fetus in pregnancy as well as the neonate and child. Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy has been linked with a number of maternal problems including infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and an increased rate of caesarean section. Likewise, for the child, there is an association with small size, impaired growth and skeletal problems in infancy, neonatal hypocalcaemia and seizures, and an increased risk of HIV transmission. Other childhood disease associations include type 1 diabetes and effects on immune tolerance. The optimal concentration of 25 hydroxyvitamin D is unknown and compounded by difficulties in defining the normal range. Whilst there is suggestive physiological evidence to support a causal role for many of the associations, whether vitamin D deficiency is a marker of poor health or the underlying aetiological problem is unclear. Randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation with an appropriate assessment of a variety of health outcomes are required.
Racial disparities in the association of foetal growth retardation to childhood blood pressure.; BACKGROUND: Foetal growth retardation (FGR), defined as less than the 10th percentile of birth weight for gestational age, is reported to be an important contributor to hypertension and cardiovascular disease in children and adults, but findings are not consistent. For this reason we re-examined the role of FGR in childhood blood pressure. METHODS: We performed univariate and multivariate analyses on data gathered from 262 children, age 5 years, born to mothers at risk for pre-term delivery or FGR infant. The characteristics of the mothers and the children were evaluated using Student's t-test. Rates and proportions were compared using either chi-square or Fisher's exact test. Linear regression models evaluated the effect of birth weight and body mass index on systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Multivariate linear regression was used to model the effects of FGR, gestational age, body mass index, race, gender, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes on blood pressure while adjusting for possible confounders. RESULTS: Systolic blood pressure was inversely associated with birth weight in white children while a small direct association was noted in African Americans. Body mass index was positively associated with systolic blood pressure in both groups. Multiple linear regression analyses showed FGR and early gestational age were associated with higher blood pressure in white but not African American children, accounting for a 13.2 mmHg difference between FGR and appropriate for gestational age groups. Blood pressure in African Americans was strongly affected by maternal gestational diabetes and smoking. CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight influences childhood blood pressure but the effects may vary depending on ethnic group. The relative importance of birth weight on blood pressure may depend on other prenatal and post-partum risks.
Effect of hyperglycemia on tbx5a and nppa gene expression and its correlation to structural and functional changes in developing zebrafish heart.; The objective of the current study is to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes on structural and functional changes in correlation with these two essential regulators of developing hearts in vivo using zebrafish embryos. We employed fertilized zebrafish embryos exposed to a hyperglycemic condition of 25 mM glucose for 96 h postfertilization. The embryos were subjected to various structural and functional analyses in a time-course manner. The data showed that exposure to high glucose significantly affected the embryo's size, heart length, heart rate, and looping of the heart compared to the control. Further, we observed an increased incidence of ventricular standstill and valvular regurgitation with a marked reduction of peripheral blood flow in the high glucose-exposed group compared to the control. In addition, the histological data showed that the high-glucose exposure markedly reduced the thickness of the wall and the number of cardiomyocytes in both atrium and ventricles. We also observed striking alterations in the pericardium like edema, increase in diameter with thinning of the wall compared to the control group. Interestingly, the expression of tbx5a and nppa was increased in the early development and found to be repressed in the later stage of development in the hyperglycemic group compared to the control. In conclusion, the developing heart is more susceptible to hyperglycemia in the womb, thereby showing various developmental defects possibly by altering the expression of crucial gene regulators such as tbx5a and nppa.
Association Between Maternal Glucose Levels in Gestational Diabetes Screening and Subsequent Hypertension.; BACKGROUND: We assessed the association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and subsequent hypertension. METHODS: This population-level, retrospective cohort study examined women aged 12 to 54 years with singleton pregnancies completed at ≥29 weeks of gestation from October 1, 2008 to December 1, 2018 followed until March 31, 2019 in Alberta, Canada. Women were stratified by results in the 50-gram glucose challenge test and by 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test subtypes (normal oral glucose tolerance test, elevated fasting plasma glucose only [elevated fasting], elevated postload glucose only, or both elevated fasting and postload glucose [combined]. Time to development of hypertension was modeled using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Of 313 361 women, 231 008 (79.1%) underwent a glucose challenge test only while 60 909 (20.9%) underwent either an oral glucose tolerance test only or both. Nine thousand five hundred eighty (3.1%) developed hypertension, and 2824 (0.9%) developed cardiovascular disease over a median follow-up of 5.7 years. Every 1-mmol/L increase in glucose in the glucose challenge test increased the risk of subsequent hypertension by 15% (adjusted hazard ratio and 95% CI, 1.15 [1.14-1.16]). Among those who underwent the oral glucose tolerance test, the combined group conferred the highest risk of subsequent hypertension, followed by elevated fasting, then elevated postload glucose only (reference: glucose challenge test ≤7.1 mmol/L, adjusted hazard ratio [95% CI]: elevated postload glucose only, 1.83 [1.68-2.00]; elevated fasting 2.02 [1.70-2.40]; combined, 2.65 [2.33-3.01]). No significant associations between maternal glucose levels and cardiovascular disease were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing maternal glucose levels in pregnancy were associated with increasing risk of subsequent hypertension. These findings may help identify higher-risk women who should be targeted for earlier postpartum cardiovascular risk reduction.
Psoriasis and medical ramifications: A comprehensive analysis based on observational meta-analyses.; PURPOSE: Based on a large number of systematic reviews and meta-analyses exploring the relationship between psoriasis and various health outcomes, we conducted an comprehensive analysis to assess the strength and evidence for the association between psoriasis and medical end-point ramifications in patients. METHODS: We searched related meta-analyses, investigating the links between psoriasis and medical ramifications from three databases. All summary effect sizes, 95% CIs, heterogeneity, and small-study effects in the included meta-analyses were recalculated. We assessed the methodological quality of included articles with the AMSTAR 2 tool and graded the epidemiological evidence. Subgroup analysis based on the severity of psoriasis and study design were also performed. RESULTS: A total of 38 articles comprising 85 unique meta-analyses were included in this study. Although 69 outcomes were statistically significant, only 8 outcomes (nonvascular dementia, ulcerative colitis, pediatric dyslipidemia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, fracture, multiple sclerosis, and schizophrenia) showed a high quality of epidemiological evidence. CONCLUSION: We found that psoriasis increased the risk of 69 health outcomes, and 8 outcomes were graded as high-quality evidence. No evidence was found that psoriasis was beneficial for any medical end point. However, to verify our results, more large-sample, multi-center prospective cohort studies are needed.
Experiences with an integrated screening programme targeted at women who had a hypertensive disorder or diabetes in pregnancy in the Netherlands: a qualitative study.; OBJECTIVES: Pregnancy is a predictor of women's health later in life. The risk of eventually developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D) increases three to seven times, after pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. The Heart for Women in The Hague project was designed to offer targeted screening to this high-risk population. This research aimed to gather insight regarding the initial experiences of healthcare providers and women with pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. DESIGN AND SETTING: This study applied a qualitative semistructured interview design using an interview guide based on 'The Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research (CFIR).' Interviews were recorded, transcribed and coded in accordance with the five main CFIR themes. The setting of the study was primary and secondary care in The Hague, the Netherlands. Interviews were carried out from December 2021 until February 2022. The language was Dutch or English. PARTICIPANTS: Participants (n=13) were women of the target population (n=7) and relevant healthcare professionals (n=6). RESULTS: Healthcare providers and women were generally positive concerning screening. Healthcare providers agreed that this forgotten group deserves attention and felt that the regional transmural agreement (RTA) provided a clear policy. Women stated that they would like screening to continue and were open-minded regarding lifestyle guidance. Reported barriers included current lack of an easy way of contacting the population after a year, lack of knowledge among the women concerning increased risk, unfamiliarity of new colleagues with the RTA and lack of evidence that screening actually prevents disease. CONCLUSION: Implementation of screening programmes to prevent or delay the development of CVD and/or T2D after complicated pregnancies will likely improve awareness in both patients and healthcare providers. Healthcare providers considered the RTA important because it concerns a forgotten high-risk population. Future research should focus on the improved effectiveness of tailored interventions to delay or prevent CVD.
Left atrial strain assessment unveils left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates with transient tachypnea of the newborn: A prospective observational study.; INTRODUCTION: An inadequate clearance of lung fluid plays a key role in the pathogenesis of transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN). OBJECTIVES: To evaluate if left ventricular diastolic dysfunction contributes to reduced clearance of lung fluid in TTN. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography and lung ultrasound were performed at 2, 24 and 48 h of life (HoL) to assess biventricular function and calculate lung ultrasound score (LUS). Left atrial strain reservoir (LASr) provided surrogate measurement of left ventricular diastolic function. RESULTS: Twenty-seven neonates with TTN were compared with 27 controls with no difference in gestation (36.1 ± 2 vs. 36.9 ± 2 weeks) or birthweight (2508 ± 667 vs. 2718 ± 590 g). Biventricular systolic function was normal in both groups. LASr was significantly lower in cases at 2 (21.0 ± 2.7 vs. 38.1 ± 4.4; p < 0.01), 24 (25.2 ± 4.5 vs. 40.6 ± 4.0; p < 0.01) and 48 HoL (36.5 ± 5.8 and 41.6 ± 5.2; p < 0.01), resulting in a significant group by time interaction (p < 0.001), after adjusting for LUS and gestational diabetes. A logistic regression model including LUS, birth weight and gestational diabetes as covariates, showed that LASr at 2 HoL was a predictor of respiratory support at 24 HoL, with an adjusted odds ratio of 0.60 (CI 0.36-0.99). CONCLUSIONS: LASr was reduced in neonates with TTN, suggesting diastolic dysfunction, that may contribute to the delay in lung fluid clearance.
Insight into genetic, biological, and environmental determinants of sexual-dimorphism in type 2 diabetes and glucose-related traits.; There is growing evidence that sex and gender differences play an important role in risk and pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Men develop T2D earlier than women, even though there is more obesity in young women than men. This difference in T2D prevalence is attenuated after the menopause. However, not all women are equally protected against T2D before the menopause, and gestational diabetes represents an important risk factor for future T2D. Biological mechanisms underlying sex and gender differences on T2D physiopathology are not yet fully understood. Sex hormones affect behavior and biological changes, and can have implications on lifestyle; thus, both sex-specific environmental and biological risk factors interact within a complex network to explain the differences in T2D risk and physiopathology in men and women. In addition, lifetime hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors are generally more dramatic in women than men (ovarian cycle, pregnancy, and menopause). Progress in genetic studies and rodent models have significantly advanced our understanding of the biological pathways involved in the physiopathology of T2D. However, evidence of the sex-specific effects on genetic factors involved in T2D is still limited, and this gap of knowledge is even more important when investigating sex-specific differences during the life course. In this narrative review, we will focus on the current state of knowledge on the sex-specific effects of genetic factors associated with T2D over a lifetime, as well as the biological effects of these different hormonal stages on T2D risk. We will also discuss how biological insights from rodent models complement the genetic insights into the sex-dimorphism effects on T2D. Finally, we will suggest future directions to cover the knowledge gaps.
Fetal evaluation of the modified-myocardial performance index in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function by modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in pregnant diabetic patients. METHODS: Modified myocardial performance index was measured in fetuses of patients with diabetes (DM) between 30 and 40 weeks of gestation. The isovolumetric contraction time, isovolumetric relaxation time and ejection time were measured. Mod-MPI was calculated as (isovolumetric contraction time + isovolumetric relaxation time)/ejection time. Results were analyzed by using one-way analysis of variance (post hoc Bonferroni correction), Chi-square and Student's test. RESULTS: Modified myocardial performance index values of fetuses from DM mothers were significantly higher than controls (0.43 vs 0.37, P < 0.0001), and it was not different between gestational versus pregestational DM (0.42 vs 0.45, P = 0.18). Mod-MPI was also higher in the presence of polyhydramnios (0.49 vs 0.41, P < 0.0001), insulin use (0.46 vs 0.40, P < 0.05), and large for gestational age fetuses (0.49 vs 0.40, P < 0.0001). There were no significant differences in Mod-MPI between newborns with versus without neonatal complications such as hypoglycemia or polycythemia. CONCLUSIONS: In fetuses of DM mothers, evaluation of the Mod-MPI identifies those with worse maternal disease and large fetal size.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. METHODS: Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. RESULTS: Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p < 0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes.
Parity and risk of later-life maternal cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Prior studies relating parity with maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been performed in relatively small study samples without accounting for pregnancy-related complications associated with CVD. METHODS: We examined the associations between parity and maternal risk of later-life CVD in a population-based cohort study using data from the Swedish population registers. Women born from 1932 to 1955 were followed until the occurrence of CVD, death, emigration, or end of follow-up (December 31, 2005). Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate associations between parity and risk of CVD accounting for birth year, yearly income, education level, country of birth, hypertension (pregestational hypertension or gestational hypertension, with or without proteinuria), diabetes (type 1, type 2, or gestational diabetes), preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. RESULTS: During a median follow-up time of 9.5 years (range 0-23.5), there were 65,204 CVD events in the full sample of women. Among 1,332,062 women, parity was associated with CVD in a J-shaped fashion, with 2 births representing the nadir of risk (global P value < .0001). Upon accounting for pregnancy-related complications in a subset of women with at least 1 childbirth after 1973 (n = 590,725), the association of parity with CVD was similar. Compared with women with 2 childbirths, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for women with 1 and >/=5 births were 1.09 (1.03-1.15) and 1.47 (1.37-1.57), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, parity was associated with incident maternal CVD in a J-shaped fashion, even after accounting for socioeconomic factors and pregnancy-related complications.
Identification of appropriate patients for cardiometabolic risk management.; Patients at increased risk for cardiovascular disease have a wide array of clinical features that should alert practitioners to the need for risk reduction. Some, but not all, of these features relate to insulin resistance. Multiple approaches exist for diagnosing and defining this risk, including the traditional Framingham risk assessment, various definitions of the metabolic syndrome, and assessment of risk factors not commonly included in the standard criteria. This article reviews the many clinical findings that should alert healthcare providers to the need for aggressive cardiovascular risk reduction.
Pathophysiology of polycystic ovarian disease: new insights.; The incidence of polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD) varies from 0.6 to 92%, depending on the parameters analysed, PCOD has been reported to appear in association with Cushing's Syndrome, adrenal hyperplasia, hypothyroidism, adrenal and ovarian tumours and some genetic abnormalities. The controversy regarding the pathophysiological mechanism underlying the disease still persists. Critical evaluation of old data, assessment of new findings concerning the possible role of insulin, growth factors and their binding proteins, and extrapolation of neuroendocrinological experiments enabled the construction of a concise hypothesis of the pathophysiology of PCOD. According to this hypothesis, PCOD is a multifactorial disease. The sequence of events finally leading to clinical manifestation of the disease (hyperandrogenism, abnormal luteinizing hormone pulsatility pattern and ovulation disturbances) may originate in different organs or be triggered by different mechanisms. It may stem from the adrenals, the hypothalamus or higher central nervous system centres, or from the ovary itself; it may originate from excess of fat tissue usually combined with hyperinsulinism; or may be the result of a net increase in active growth factors. Each of the above disturbances probably appears early in life, much before the clinical signs of the disease are evident. Predisposing factors such as gestational diabetes of the mother, childhood obesity, borderline adrenal hyperplasia and late menarche have to be looked for as early as possible in order to prevent the late consequences of the disease, such as increased risk of infertility, endometrial and breast cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and insulin resistance: a focus on subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes.; Subjects with obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, previous gestational diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose, and those with metabolic syndrome are at risk for the development of type 2 diabetes. Some of them are also at risk for cardiovascular disease. Some underlying abnormalities such as insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction, and low-grade chronic inflammation are frequently present and closely associated in all these groups. The flow of substrates, hormones, and cytokines from visceral fat to skeletal muscle and to the endothelial cells, along with some genetic abnormalities that lead to impaired insulin action in the peripheral tissues and to impaired insulin-stimulated nitric oxide production in endothelial cells, may play a role in establishing these shared metabolic and vascular derangements. Weight loss, thiazolidinediones, and metformin improve vascular function in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes and may prove to reduce cardiovascular events in these individuals.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with Spinal Cord Injuries: A Population-Based Study.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with congenital or acquired spinal cord injury face challenges due to compromised neurologic function and mobility, factors that may also affect fetal/infant health. Few studies have examined pregnancy course and longer-term outcomes in this population. OBJECTIVE: To assess pregnancy outcomes among women with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida using population-based data. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Washington state linked birth-hospital discharge records. PARTICIPANTS: All women (N = 529) with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida with singleton live birth deliveries 1987-2012, and a comparison group of women without disabilities (N = 5282). METHODS: Diagnosis codes were screened to identify cases and a 10:1 random sample of comparison women. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated overall and separately for each condition using multivariable regression. Subsequent hospitalizations or death were identified via linkage to hospital discharge/death records for 2 years after delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Pregnancy course (weight gain, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, infection, venous thromboembolism), delivery/labor characteristics, infant characteristics (birthweight/size, gestational age), and longer-term outcomes (occurrence/reasons for maternal/infant rehospitalization, mortality). RESULTS: Women with these spinal conditions had increased adjusted risks of prenatal urinary tract infection/pyelonephritis (RR 26.43, 95% CI 13.97-49.99), venous thromboembolism (RR 9.16, 95% CI 2.17-38.60), preterm rupture of membranes (RR 2.15, 95% CI 1.18-3.90), and cesarean delivery (RR 1.88, 95% CI 1.70-2.09). They had longer hospitalizations and increased rehospitalization (RR 1.54, 95% CI 1.28-1.87), including for postpartum depression (RR 8.15, 4.29-15.48) or injury (RR 13.05, 95% CI 6.60-25.81). Their infants were more often small for gestational age (RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.33-2.06), but had no increased risk of rehospitalization or death. CONCLUSIONS: We observed no increased long-term morbidity among infants of women with these conditions. Possible increased maternal morbidities during the first postpartum years indicate areas for intervention. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: III.
Insulin resistance and the long-term consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome.; In a significant number of women with the polycystic ovary syndrome there is impaired insulin metabolism with hypersecretion of insulin. Insulin resistance is defined as a diminution in the glucose response to a given amount of insulin. Insulin resistance has been implicated in the pathogenesis of many aspects of the syndrome. Hyperinsulinaemia leads to increased production of androgens resulting in anovulatory infertility. Women and particularly obese women with insulin resistance and the polycystic ovary syndrome have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes and also type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The women should be counselled about long-term health risks, and obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome should be periodically screened. Lifestyle modification to reduce weight in obese women and treatment with insulin-sensitising drugs such as metformin in women with glucose intolerance result in the improvement of some metabolic abnormalities and hyperandrogenic disorders with the consequent restoration of normal menstrual and ovulatory function in a significant number of women with polycystic ovaries.
Increased cesarean section rate and premature birth according to modified WHO maternal cardiovascular risk in pregnant women with congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: During pregnancy and delivery, hemodynamics are altered and complex congenital heart disease has been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We sought to investigate pregnancy outcome and complications in relation to complexity of heart condition. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied women with ACHD discussed at multidisciplinary conferences at Lund University Hospital March 2009-May 2021. We studied 149 pregnancies in 101 women. We scored each woman retrospectively according to the modified World Health Organization (mWHO) risk classification and included patients in risk class I (n = 36, 24.1%), II (n = 43, 28.9%), II-III (n = 43, 28.9%), III (n = 24, 16.1%) and IV (n = 3, 2.0%). RESULTS: Women with mWHO class ≥III underwent cesarean section more often than women in less complex mWHO classes, (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 2.0-12.5; p<0.001). The odds of premature delivery were significantly higher among pregnant women with mWHO class ≥III (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 2.6-17.4; p<0.001). We found no difference in incidence of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, hemorrhage >1000 ml or cardiac defect in the neonate depending on WHO-class. Women in mWHO classes III-IV had a higher rate of fetal growth restriction (FGR) compared to women in mWHO classes I, II, II-III (p<0.007). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that women with more complex heart disease (mWHO classes III or IV) tend to have a higher rate of cesarean section, premature birth and FGR.
Fetal sex and perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship of fetal sex with obstetric risk factors and perinatal outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective study of deliveries during 2003-2009 at a tertiary hospital based on the analysis of obstetric and neonatal risk variables according to neonatal sex. RESULTS: Of the 29,530 deliveries studied, the neonate was a boy in 15,038 (50.92%) and a girl in 14,492 (49.08%). The rates of gestational diabetes, prematurity, true umbilical cord knot and nuchal cord were higher for male newborns, whereas the rate of echographic diagnosis of intrauterine fetal growth retardation was higher for female newborns. Mothers of male fetuses had higher rates of cesarean delivery and instrumental vaginal delivery. The indication for ending labor due to the non-reassuring fetal heart rate was also more frequent among male newborns. This group had higher rates of acidemia, although there were no significant differences between sexes in other short-term neonatal outcomes. In all subgroups analyzed here, fetal weight was higher in male newborns. CONCLUSIONS: Male sex is an independent risk factor for unfavorable outcomes of pregnancy and delivery.
OS027. Ethnicity and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Women who develop pregnancy complications are more likely to develop cardiovascular disorders later in life. A history of pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with a four-fold increased risk of hypertension and twice the risk of future ischaemic heart disease and stroke. Early identification of women at risk of developing pregnancy complications is likely to facilitate targeted antenatal surveillance and possibly intervention. Maternal ethnicity affects the risk of developing some of these complications, and so is likely to be an important variable in the risk assessment. OBJECTIVES: The main aim of this study was to quantify the ethnicity-related risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This was a multicentre cohort study in singleton pregnancies at 11(+0)-13(+6) weeks of gestation. Data on maternal characteristics, medical and obstetric history were collected and pregnancy outcomes ascertained. Racial origin was classified into Caucasian, African, South Asian, East Asian and mixed. The adverse pregnancy outcomes in this study included PE, gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery (PTD), small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA), stillbirth, obstetric cholestasis (OC) and emergency Caesarean section (CS). The diagnosis of PE and GH was made according to the guidelines of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. The neonate was considered SGA if the birthweight was less than the 5th percentile and LGA if the birthweight was more than the 90th percentile for gestation at delivery. The diagnosis of GDM was made if the fasting plasma glucose level was at least 6mmol/L or the plasma glucose level 2h after oral administration of 75g glucose was 7.8mmol/L or more (WHO). Stillbirth was defined as the death of a fetus before birth after the 24th week of pregnancy. The diagnosis of OC was made when there was pruritus in association with abnormal liver function in the absence of any other identifiable liver pathology which resolved after delivery. Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of these adverse pregnancy outcomes. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (ORs) were derived for each pregnancy outcome. RESULTS: Seventy five thousand and four hundred women were included in the study, of whom 57,564 were Caucasian and 11,395 African. Compared to Caucasian ethnic origin, African women were more likely to develop PE [OR (95% CI): 2.77 (2.49-3.09), p<0.0001], GH [OR 1.38 (1.23-1.56), p<0.0001], SGA [OR 3.48 (3.16-3.83), p<0.0001], stillbirth [OR 2.42 (1.87-3.12), p<0.0001], GDM [OR 1.82 (1.59-2.07), p<0.0001], PTD prior to 37 weeks gestation [OR 1.33 (1.23-1.44), p<0.0001], and emergency CS [OR 2.42 (1.87-3.12), p<0.0001]. On the other hand, African women were less likely to develop LGA and OC [OR (95% CI): 0.63 (0.58-0.67) and 0.47 (0.32-0.69) respectively; p<0.0001 for both]. CONCLUSION: Compared to Caucasian ethnic background, women of African origin have a different risk profile for adverse pregnancy outcomes. This difference should be taken into account when calculating an individualised adjusted risk or when tailoring antenatal care.
[Obesity and pregnancy].; The increasing frequency of preobesity and obesity in all age groups worldwide can be characterized as a pandemia. Obesity is a public health problem because it is a major contributing factor in the development of hypertension, heart disease, type II diabetes, osteoarthritis, respiratory problems and certain cancer. THE OBJECTIVE OF THE STUDY: To describe the prevalence of preobesity and obesity among pregnant women and to evaluate the impact of preobesity and obesity upon pregnancy and delivery. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 255 women, aged between 17 and 39 years old are conducted in the study. They have been admited to the Clinic of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University Hospital "St. George" Plovdiv for the period of for months /January- April 2005/. The data of the patients are obtained from their history of the disease and the dokument of the newborn. BMI was calculated before and at the end of pregnancy. RESULTS: Preobesity and obesity are more frequent at more educated women, nuliparous women and women aged 30 years and more. Obese women had a higher frequency of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and operative delivery. 33.33% (n=85) of the pregnant women start their pregnancy with abnormal weight or obesity. At the end of the pregnancy 72.94% (n=186) of them are in condition of preobesity and obesity. CONCLUSION: As overweight and obesity are associate with adverse pregnancy outcomes, the attention of the obstetritian must be directed to so called preconceptual consulting in order to limit the gaining of wight upon the optimal limit before and during pregnancy.
Diabetes mellitus--a priority health care issue for women.; Diabetes occurs in more than 13 million persons in the United States, and approximately 60% of the new cases are diagnosed in women. This review examines health issues related to women with diabetes mellitus. The following issues are discussed in the review. The prevalence of diabetes is higher in Native-American, black, and Hispanic women than in white women. Women with upper-body obesity are at risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and women with diabetes are at risk for developing heart disease. Diabetes, obesity, and heart disease are all modifiable by nutrition. White women with diabetes derive approximately 40% of energy from fat, which is 10% greater than the national goal. Women with a history of gestational diabetes are at risk for developing NIDDM. Women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are at high risk of developing complications in pregnancy, and pregnancy outcomes improve with preconceptual counseling. Women with IDDM are at risk for developing eating disorders, although not to a greater extent than the nondiabetic population. Women with diabetes are at risk for developing endometrial cancer. Both IDDM and NIDDM prevention clinical trials are in progress, although none target women specifically. Dietetics practitioners are encouraged to use local and national diabetes resources.
Exposure of the developing heart to diabetic environment and early cardiac assessment: A review.; Hyperglycemia during organogenesis is associated with an increased risk of congenital cardiac defects (CHDs). The pathophysiology leading to CHDs is not completely uncovered. However, elevated oxidative stress is considered to be the primary trigger that causes CHDs in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes has been found to increase the risk for all types of CHDs. Diabetes may also impact the fetal cardiac performance at all gestational ages. Early detection of CHDs has certain advantages, such as making early decision about termination of pregnancy, enabling early genetic testing, and early reassurance if scan is normal. Combined transabdominal and transvaginal approach at 13-14 weeks of gestation is a reasonable strategy to assess fetal heart in diabetic women. Diagnostic accuracy of early fetal echocardiography has reached to above a reasonable cutoff when it is done in the late first trimester or early second trimester in the hands of expert sonographers. However, the literature is less certain to provide a firm conclusion about functional heart assessment in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Management of Placental Transfusion to Neonates After Delivery.; This review summarizes high-quality evidence supporting delayed umbilical cord clamping to promote placental transfusion to preterm and term neonates. In preterm neonates, delayed cord clamping may decrease mortality and the need for blood transfusions. Although robust data are lacking to guide cord management strategies in many clinical scenarios, emerging literature is reviewed on numerous topics including delivery mode, twin gestations, maternal comorbidities (eg, gestational diabetes, red blood cell alloimmunization, human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] infection, and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 [SARS-CoV-2] infection) and neonatal complications (eg, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart disease, and the depressed neonate). Umbilical cord milking is an alternate method of rapid placental transfusion, but has been associated with severe intraventricular hemorrhage in extremely preterm neonates. Data on long-term outcomes are discussed, as well as potential contraindications to delayed cord clamping. Overall, delayed cord clamping offers potential benefits to the estimated 140 million neonates born globally every year, emphasizing the importance of this simple and no-cost strategy.
Cushing's syndrome during pregnancy secondary to adrenal adenoma.; Pregnancy rarely occurs in untreated cases of Cushing's syndrome (CS) , because most of them are infertile due to significant maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy. Diagnosis of CS may be difficult during pregnancy. Since physiological changes of pregnancy are overlapped by classical presentation and biological confirmation of CS. Therefore the high clinical suspicious is needed for diagnosis. We present a 33 years old pregnant woman with a history of chronic hypertension from 10 years ago that referred to Imam Khomeini hospital for uncontrolled hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal tachycardia at the 30 weeks of gestation. After initial studies abdominal MRI detected a 43 x 35 x 29 mm right adrenal mass. She was treated by anti-hypertensive drugs. But at 31.5 weeks of gestational age cesarean section was performed due to severe preeclampsia. Then two weeks after delivery open right adrenalectomy was carried out without any complications and in the histopathological evaluation benign adrenocortical adenoma was reported. CS is associated with considerable fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality. Selection of treatment method is variable and it depends on gestational age. Medical and surgical approaches have been used in managing CS in pregnancy. Surgical treatment is the first choice for CS which is recommended at the second trimester and in the late pregnancy medical treatment is preferred.
Polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 5-20% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The condition is characterized by hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM) - with excessive androgen production by the ovaries being a key feature of PCOS. Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia is evident in the vast majority of affected individuals. PCOS increases the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes and other pregnancy-related complications, venous thromboembolism, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular events and endometrial cancer. PCOS is a diagnosis of exclusion, based primarily on the presence of hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and PCOM. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involves targeting metabolic abnormalities through lifestyle changes, medication and potentially surgery for the prevention and management of excess weight, androgen suppression and/or blockade, endometrial protection, reproductive therapy and the detection and treatment of psychological features. This Primer summarizes the current state of knowledge regarding the epidemiology, mechanisms and pathophysiology, diagnosis, screening and prevention, management and future investigational directions of the disorder.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with fibromyalgia: a population-based study of 12 million births.; PURPOSE: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a rheumatologic disorder marked by chronic, widespread pain and associated comorbid conditions. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effect of FM on maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2013, we conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of women who delivered during that period. Logistic regression was used to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnancies in women with and without FM. RESULTS: Of 12 584 918 births during the 15-year study period, 7758 (0.06%) were to women with FM with rates increasing over the study period. Women with FM were more commonly older in age, overweight or obese, and users of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs. They were more likely to experience anxiety, depression, and bipolar disorder. Women with FM were at greater risk of gestational diabetes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and placental abruption. Women with FM more commonly had cesarean deliveries (odds ratios (OR): 1.11, 95% CI: 1.05-1.16) and births complicated by venous thromboembolism (OR: 2.34, 95% CI: 1.91-2.86). Infants of women with FM were more likely to be premature (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.25-1.46) and have intrauterine growth restriction (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.30-1.68). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of FM in pregnancy is rising in the US. FM is a high-risk pregnancy condition associated with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes.
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Marine Ovothiol A in an In Vitro Model of Endothelial Dysfunction Induced by Hyperglycemia.; Chronic hyperglycemia is associated with oxidative stress and vascular inflammation, both leading to endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease that can be weakened by antioxidant/anti-inflammatory molecules in both healthy and diabetic subjects. Among natural molecules, ovothiol A, produced in sea urchin eggs to protect eggs/embryos from the oxidative burst at fertilization and during development, has been receiving increasing interest for its use as an antioxidant. Here, we evaluated the potential antioxidative/anti-inflammatory effect of purified ovothiol A in an in vitro cellular model of hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction employing human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from women affected by gestational diabetes (GD) and from healthy mothers. Ovothiol A was rapidly taken up by both cellular systems, resulting in increased glutathione values in GD-HUVECs, likely due to the formation of reduced ovothiol A. In tumor necrosis factor-α-stimulated cells, ovothiol A induced a downregulation of adhesion molecule expression and decrease in monocyte-HUVEC interaction. This was associated with a reduction in reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and an increase in nitric oxide bioavailability. These results point to the potential antiatherogenic properties of the natural antioxidant ovothiol A and support its therapeutic potential in pathologies related to cardiovascular diseases associated with oxidative/inflammatory stress and endothelial dysfunction.
Myocardial hypertrophy and dysfunction in maternal diabetes.; Diabetes in pregnancy, both pre-gestational and gestational, is a frequent cause of fetal myocardial hypertrophy, partly due to fetal hyperinsulinism. In fetal life, cardiac function may be impaired, especially during diastole, as a result of decreased left ventricular distensibility and altered left atrial dynamics secondary to myocardial hypertrophy. In neonates, the hypertrophy is a transient disorder, with spontaneous regression of the increased myocardial thickness during the first months of life. Nevertheless, cardiac hypertrophy may be associated with neonatal cardiomegaly and respiratory distress secondary to poor left ventricular compliance. The development of a number of new echocardiographic parameters discussed in this article, and primarily based on the pathophysiological consequences of myocardial hypertrophy, highlight an area of research priority: the assessment of diastolic function in fetuses of diabetic mothers with (and without) myocardial hypertrophy. A score for grading the severity of fetal diastolic dysfunction in these fetuses is proposed.
How Informal Carers Support Video Consulting in Physiotherapy, Heart Failure, and Cancer: Qualitative Study Using Linguistic Ethnography.; BACKGROUND: Informal carers play an important role in the everyday care of patients and the delivery of health care services. They aid patients in transportation to and from appointments, and they provide assistance during the appointments (eg, answering questions on the patient's behalf). Video consultations are often seen as a way of providing patients with easier access to care. However, few studies have considered how this affects the role of informal carers and how they are needed to make video consultations safe and feasible. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to identify how informal carers, usually friends or family who provide unpaid assistance, support patients and clinicians during video consultations. METHODS: We conducted an in-depth analysis of the communication in a sample of video consultations drawn from 7 clinical settings across 4 National Health Service Trusts in the United Kingdom. The data set consisted of 52 video consultation recordings (of patients with diabetes, gestational diabetes, cancer, heart failure, orthopedic problems, long-term pain, and neuromuscular rehabilitation) and interviews with all participants involved in these consultations. Using Linguistic Ethnography, which embeds detailed analysis of verbal and nonverbal communication in the context of the interaction, we examined the interactional, technological, and clinical work carers did to facilitate video consultations and help patients and clinicians overcome challenges of the remote and video-mediated context. RESULTS: Most patients (40/52, 77%) participated in the video consultation without support from an informal carer. Only 23% (12/52) of the consultations involved an informal carer. In addition to facilitating the clinical interaction (eg, answering questions on behalf of the patient), we identified 3 types of work that informal carers did: facilitating the use of technology; addressing problems when the patient could not hear or understand the clinician; and assisting with physical examinations, acting as the eyes, ears, and hands of the clinician. Carers often stayed in the background, monitoring the consultation to identify situations where they might be needed. In doing so, copresent carers reassured patients and helped them conduct the activities that make up a consultation. However, carers did not necessarily help patients solve all the challenges of a video consultation (eg, aiming the camera while laying hands on the patient during an examination). We compared cases where an informal carer was copresent with cases where the patient was alone, which showed that carers provided an important safety net, particularly for patients who were frail and experienced mobility difficulties. CONCLUSIONS: Informal carers play a critical role in making video consultations safe and feasible, particularly for patients with limited technological experience or complex needs. Guidance and research on video consulting need to consider the availability and work done by informal carers and how they can be supported in providing patients access to digital health care services.
Transient Hyperglycemia and Hypoxia Induce Memory Effects in AngiomiR Expression Profiles of Feto-Placental Endothelial Cells.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) are associated with fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hypoxia, or both. These adverse conditions may compromise fetal and placental endothelial cells. In fact, GDM and PE affect feto-placental endothelial function and also program endothelial function and cardiovascular disease risk of the offspring in the long-term. MicroRNAs are short, non-coding RNAs that regulate protein translation and fine tune biological processes. A group of microRNAs termed angiomiRs is particularly involved in the regulation of endothelial function. We hypothesized that transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia may alter angiomiR expression in feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we isolated primary fpEC after normal, uncomplicated pregnancy, and induced hyperglycemia (25 mM) and hypoxia (6.5%) for 72 h, followed by reversal to normal conditions for another 72 h. Current vs. transient effects on angiomiR profiles were analyzed by RT-qPCR and subjected to miRNA pathway analyses using DIANA miRPath, MIENTURNET and miRPathDB. Both current and transient hypoxia affected angiomiR profile stronger than current and transient hyperglycemia. Both stimuli altered more angiomiRs transiently, i.e., followed by 72 h culture at control conditions. Pathway analysis revealed that hypoxia significantly altered the pathway 'Proteoglycans in cancer'. Transient hypoxia specifically affected miRNAs related to 'adherens junction'. Our data reveal that hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects on angiomiR expression in fpEC. Such memory effects may contribute to long-term adaption and maladaption to hyperglycemia and hypoxia.
Trends in Cardiovascular Health Counseling Among Postpartum Individuals.; IMPORTANCE: Poor prepregnancy cardiovascular health (CVH) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are key risk factors for subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD) in birthing adults. The postpartum visit offers an opportunity to promote CVH among at-risk individuals. OBJECTIVE: To determine prevalence, predictors, and trends in self-reported CVH counseling during the postpartum visit. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Serial, cross-sectional analysis of data from 2016-2020 from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS), a nationally representative, population-based survey. The primary analysis included individuals who attended a postpartum visit 4 to 6 weeks after delivery with available data on receipt of CVH counseling, self-reported prepregnancy CVD risk factors (obesity, diabetes, and hypertension), and APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth) (N = 167 705 [weighted N = 8 714 459]). EXPOSURES: Total number of CVD risk factors (0, 1, or ≥2 prepregnancy risk factors or APOs). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Annual, age-adjusted prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling per 100 individuals, defined as receipt of counseling for healthy eating, exercise, and losing weight gained during pregnancy, was calculated overall and by number of CVD risk factors. Average annual percent change (APC) assessed trends in CVH counseling from 2016 through 2020. Data were pooled to calculate rate ratios (RRs) for counseling that compared individuals with and without CVD risk factors after adjustment for age, education, postpartum insurance, and delivery year. RESULTS: From 2016 through 2020, prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling declined from 56.2 to 52.8 per 100 individuals among those with no CVD risk factors (APC, -1.4% [95% CI, -1.8% to -1.0%/y]), from 58.5 to 57.3 per 100 individuals among those with 1 risk factor (APC, -0.7% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.1%/y]), and from 61.9 to 59.8 per 100 individuals among those with 2 or more risk factors (APC, -0.8% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.3%/y]). Reporting receipt of counseling was modestly higher among individuals with 1 risk factor (RR, 1.05 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.07]) and with 2 or more risk factors (RR, 1.11 [95% CI, 1.09 to 1.13]) compared with those who had no risk factors. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Approximately 60% of individuals with CVD risk factors or APOs reported receiving CVH counseling at their postpartum visit. Prevalence of reporting CVH counseling decreased modestly over 5 years.
Consequences of smoking during pregnancy on maternal health.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of maternal cardiovascular and pulmonary events and the prevalence of other comorbid conditions among pregnant smokers. METHODS: We queried the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) for pregnancy-related discharge codes for the years 2000-2004. The prevalence of various conditions and the incidence of various complications were compared between smokers and nonsmokers. RESULTS: The majority of smokers were young and white and had public insurance. Smokers were more likely to have experienced deep vein thrombosis (odds ratio [OR] 1.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1, 1.6), stroke (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2, 2.5), pulmonary embolus (OR 2.5, 95% CI 2.1, 3.0), and myocardial infarction (OR 4.6, 95% CI 3.3, 6.4). They were 3 times more likely to have experienced influenza or pneumonia (OR 2.9, 95% CI 2.7, 3.2) and 15 times more likely to have bronchitis (OR 15.2, 95% CI 12.8, 18.2). They were more likely to suffer from a number of comorbidities, including asthma (OR 4.0, 95% CI 3.7, 4.2) and gastrointestinal ulcers (OR 3.7, 95% CI 2.6, 5.5). Although they were less likely to have experienced gestational diabetes (OR 0.9, 95% CI 0.9, 1.0), preeclampsia (OR 0.8, 95% CI 0.8, 0.9), or eclampsia (OR 0.7, 95% CI 0.6, 0.9), they were more than 5 times as likely to have experienced an ectopic pregnancy (OR 5.4, 95% CI 4.6, 6.3). CONCLUSIONS: Smoking has a negative impact on maternal health. Counseling about the risks of smoking in pregnancy should include not only fetal risks but maternal risks as well.
Nutrition measures for managed care report cards.; Health plan "report cards," that is, published summaries of health plan performance, are a new way to help consumers select a health plan on the basis of cost and quality. The Health Plan Employer Data and Information Set (HEDIS) includes a set of health plan performance measures, standardized definitions, and methods for data collection. HEDIS is used as the basis for many report card initiatives and is the preferred tool of the managed care industry for measuring health plan performance. Nevertheless, the current list of HEDIS performance measures omits many health services, including medical nutrition therapy. Nutrition measures have the potential for wide appeal among health care stakeholders (ie, payers, consumers, and providers). Four measures related to medical nutrition therapy are proposed for managed care report cards: staffing for nutrition services and medical nutrition therapy for high cholesterol level, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Barriers to adopting medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS include the need to address technical issues before considering new measures and competition from other potential measures. Steps to create support for medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS should focus on influencing representatives of health plans and employers to include these measures. The involvement of registered dietitians in the dynamic process of health plan evaluation is an important extension of ongoing efforts for strategic positioning in the managed care market.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS.
Does gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal kidney disease? A Swedish national cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. It is uncertain whether GDM is independently associated with the risk of chronic kidney disease. The aim was to examine the association between GDM and maternal CKD and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and to determine whether this depends on progression to overt T2DM. METHODS: A population-based cohort study was designed using Swedish national registry data. Previous GDM diagnosis was the main exposure, and this was stratified according to whether women developed T2DM after pregnancy. Using Cox regression models, we estimated the risk of CKD (stages 3-5), ESKD and different CKD subtypes (tubulointerstitial, glomerular, hypertensive, diabetic, other). FINDINGS: There were 1,121,633 women included, of whom 15,595 (1·4%) were diagnosed with GDM. Overall, GDM-diagnosed women were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 1·81, 95% CI 1·54-2·14) and ESKD (aHR 4·52, 95% CI 2·75-7·44). Associations were strongest for diabetic CKD (aHR 8·81, 95% CI 6·36-12·19) and hypertensive CKD (aHR 2·46, 95% CI 1·06-5·69). These associations were largely explained by post-pregnancy T2DM. Among women who had GDM + subsequent T2DM, strong associations were observed (CKD, aHR 21·70, 95% CI 17·17-27·42; ESKD, aHR 112·37, 95% CI 61·22-206·38). But among those with GDM only, associations were non-significant (CKD, aHR 1·11, 95% CI 0·89-1·38; ESKD, aHR 1·58, 95% CI 0·70-3·60 respectively). CONCLUSION: Women who experience GDM and subsequent T2DM are at increased risk of developing CKD and ESKD. However, GDM-diagnosed women who never develop overt T2DM have similar risk of future CKD/ESKD to those with uncomplicated pregnancies.
Obstetric and prenatal outcome in menopausal women: a 12-year clinical study.; The obstetric and prenatal outcome in post-menopausal women of advanced age in an oocyte donation programme is described in this paper, the oldest being aged 63 years. A total of 2729 candidates were visited up to November 2000. Only 1150 (42%) were accepted, with 1579 being rejected during a rigorous selection procedure. Several excluding clinical conditions were noted, including hypertension of varying severity, cardiovascular disease, smoking, dysfunctions of the hepatic, thyroid and renal systems and diabetes. Overall, 489 (38%) clinical pregnancies were established in 1288 recipient cycles, with 390 healthy babies delivered out of 363 pregnancies (28%), while 126 (25.7%) were lost. In all, 327 (90%) of the pregnancies reached full term, with 36 involving premature deliveries, 24 involving multiple gestation, 21 sets of twins, three sets of triplets (0.9%) and no quadruplets. Antenatal complications arising in 86 patients (23.6% of deliveries) included 33 preterm deliveries, 43 cases of gestational hypertension, four cases of pre-eclampsia, three cases of gestational diabetes and three of abruptio placentae. A total of 272 (75%) of all deliveries were by Caesarean section. Neonatal complications included two cases of growth retardation. There were no neonatal or maternal deaths. The 63-year-old woman reached full term pregnancy in July 1994, with delivery by Caesarean section of a boy in good health. Proper screening for risks has enabled this treatment to be given to a preselected group of patients.
Duration of puberty in preterm girls.; OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning. METHODS: In the population-representative Chinese birth cohort "Children of 1997", we used multivariable linear regression to assess the association of preterm status (≤36 completed gestational weeks, n = 170; term birth 37-42 gestational weeks, n = 3476) with duration of puberty, adjusted for parent's highest education, mother's place of birth, maternal smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and mother's age of menarche. RESULTS: The mean duration from thelarche to menarche was 2.53 years. Preterm girls had a shorter duration from thelarche to menarche by 2.6 months, 95% confidence interval 0.5-4.7 months. Age of menarche did not differ by preterm status but preterm girls had later thelarche. Preterm birth was not associated with a shorter duration from pubarche to menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm births may be associated with shorter duration of puberty from thelarche to menarche, possibly through effects of in utero estrogen exposure, the drivers of thelarche, or the drivers of pubertal duration/progression, with potential implications for subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease and hormonal cancers.
A Mobile Clinical Decision Support System for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India (SMARThealth Pregnancy): Pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Early identification is crucial to reducing deaths. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carry independent risks for future CVD, and antenatal care is a window to screen and counsel high-risk women. In rural India, community health workers (CHWs) deliver antenatal and postnatal care. We developed a complex intervention (SMARThealth Pregnancy) involving mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and evaluated it in a pilot cluster randomized controlled trial (cRCT). OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to co-design a theory-informed intervention for CHWs to screen, refer, and counsel pregnant women at high risk of future CVD in rural India and evaluate its feasibility and acceptability. METHODS: In phase 1, we used qualitative methods to explore community priorities for high-risk pregnant women in rural areas of 2 diverse states in India. In phase 2, informed by behavior change theory and human-centered design, we used these qualitative data to develop the intervention components and implementation strategies for SMARThealth Pregnancy in an iterative process with end users. In phase 3, using mixed methods, we evaluated the intervention in a cRCT with an embedded qualitative substudy across 4 primary health centres: 2 in Jhajjar district, Haryana, and 2 in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. RESULTS: SMARThealth Pregnancy embedded a total of 15 behavior change techniques and included (1) community awareness programs; (2) targeted training, including point-of-care blood pressure and hemoglobin measurement; and (3) mobile clinical decision support for CHWs to screen women in their homes. The intervention focused on 3 priority conditions: anemia, HDP, and GDM. The evaluation involved a total of 200 pregnant women, equally randomized to intervention or enhanced standard care (control). Recruitment was completed within 5 months, with minimal loss to follow-up (4/200, 2%) at 6 weeks postpartum. A total of 4 primary care doctors and 54 CHWs in the intervention clusters took part in the study. Fidelity to intervention practices was 100% prepandemic. Over half the study population was affected by moderate to severe anemia at baseline. The prevalence of HDP (2.5%) and GDM (2%) was low in our study population. Results suggest a possible improvement in mean hemoglobin (anemia) in the intervention group, although an adequately powered trial is needed. The model of home-based care was feasible and acceptable for pregnant or postpartum women and CHWs, who perceived improvements in quality of care, self-efficacy, and professional recognition. CONCLUSIONS: SMARThealth Pregnancy is an innovative model of home-based care for high-risk pregnant women during the transitions between antenatal and postnatal care and adult health services. The use of theory and co-design during intervention development facilitated acceptability of the intervention and implementation strategies. Our experience has informed the decision to initiate a larger-scale cRCT. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03968952; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03968952. INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): RR2-10.3389/fgwh.2021.620759.
Impaired Maternal-Fetal Environment and Risk for Preoperative Focal White Matter Injury in Neonates With Complex Congenital Heart Disease.; Background Infants with congenital heart disease (CHD) are at risk for white matter injury (WMI) before neonatal heart surgery. Better knowledge of the causes of preoperative WMI may provide insights into interventions that improve neurodevelopmental outcomes in these patients. Methods and Results A prospective single-center study of preoperative WMI in neonates with CHD recorded data on primary cardiac diagnosis, maternal-fetal environment (MFE), delivery type, subject anthropometrics, and preoperative care. Total maturation score and WMI were assessed, and stepwise logistic regression modeling selected risk factors for WMI. Among subjects with severe CHD (n=183) who received a preoperative brain magnetic resonance imaging, WMI occurred in 40 (21.9%) patients. WMI prevalence (21.4%-22.1%) and mean volumes (119.7-160.4 mm(3)) were similar across CHD diagnoses. Stepwise logistic regression selected impaired MFE (odds ratio [OR], 2.85 [95% CI, 1.29-6.30]), male sex (OR, 2.27 [95% CI, 1.03-5.36]), and older age at surgery/magnetic resonance imaging (OR, 1.20 per day [95% CI, 1.03-1.41]) as risk factors for preoperative WMI and higher total maturation score values (OR, 0.65 per unit increase [95% CI, 0.43-0.95]) as protective. A quarter (24.6%; n=45) of subjects had ≥1 components of impaired MFE (gestational diabetes [n=12; 6.6%], gestational hypertension [n=11; 6.0%], preeclampsia [n=2; 1.1%], tobacco use [n=9; 4.9%], hypothyroidism [n=6; 3.3%], and other [n=16; 8.7%]). In a subset of 138 subjects, an exploratory analysis of additional MFE-related factors disclosed other potential risk factors for WMI. Conclusions This study is the first to identify impaired MFE as an important risk factor for preoperative WMI. Vulnerability to preoperative WMI was shared across CHD diagnoses.
Etiology and perinatal outcome of polyhydramnios.; PURPOSE: To determine causes of polyhydramnios and the respective perinatal outcome. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed cases with polyhydramnios at the Medical University Graz, Austria from 2003 - 2011. Inclusion criteria were single deepest pocket ≥ 8  cm, amniotic fluid index ≥ 25 cm, each of the latter parameters > 95th percentile or subjective impression. Etiologies, including TORCH infection, diabetes and congenital malformations, as well as perinatal outcome were evaluated. RESULTS: Out of 860 singleton pregnancies with polyhydramnios, 2.9 % had positive TORCH serology, 8.5 % had congenital anomalies, 19.8 % had maternal diabetes, and 68.8 % were idiopathic. The most common fetal anomalies were cardiac defects (32.9 %). Elective caesarean sections were more common in the groups with malformations and maternal diabetes. Low birth weight combined with severe polyhydramnios or maternal diabetes was associated with malformations. CONCLUSION: Diagnosis of polyhydramnios should prompt glucose-tolerance testing, detailed sonography including fetal echocardiography, and TORCH serology. Especially pregnancies with polyhydramnios and small fetuses as well as those with maternal diabetes should be carefully evaluated for malformations.
PP103. Arterial stiffness in women with previous GDM - A follow up of Chinese HAPO study cohort.; INTRODUCTION: It is well known that women with history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at risk of future DM. Whether they are at a higher risk of hypertension and cardiovascular risk remained to be determined. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether Chinese women who have been diagnosed GDM according to the new IADPSG criteria have a higher risk of hypertension & arterial stiffness than women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy. METHODS: Chinese women who had participated in the HAPO study between 2001 and 2006 in Hong Kong were followed up at a median of 6years postpartum. All underwent anthropometric & BP measurements. Central systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP & DBP), augmentation index (AI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed by using SphygmoCor(®) PVx.A total of 608 women (494 NGT, 114 GDM) were followed up till early 2012. RESULTS: Although there was no significant difference in the rate of hypertension, the central SBP (106±12 vs 102±13mmHg, p=0.03), AI (22.1±8.3 vs 18.9±8.5%, p<0.001) and PWV (6.8±1.0 vs 6.6±0.8, p=0.03) were all higher in women with history of GDM. CONCLUSION: The findings suggest a higher risk of subclinical atherosclerosis amongst women with GDM despite the blood pressure may appear normal at the time of follow up.
MALAT1 as a Diagnostic and Therapeutic Target in Diabetes-Related Complications: A Promising Long-Noncoding RNA.; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
Pregnancy Characteristics and Women’s Cardiovascular Health.; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. Here we review the associations of parity and these four pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations. We explore the implications of these findings for research in life course health science and policy intended to avoid or mitigate these pregnancy-related effects. Findings suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. Pregnancy complications may be useful in identifying high-risk women, at a relatively early stage in their life course for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women.
Prescription of aerobic exercise during pregnancy.; Available evidence supports the existence of both risks and benefits of aerobic conditioning during human pregnancy. During intensive exertion, maternal skeletal muscle and the fetus may compete for blood flow, oxygen delivery and essential fuel substrates. Hence, the most important hypothetical risks include acute fetal hypoxia, hyperthermia and malnutrition. If exercise is repeated on a chronic basis, teratogenic effects, fetal growth retardation or altered fetal development may result if maternal/fetal adaptive reserve is exceeded. A dose-response relationship for such effects has been demonstrated in laboratory animals, but specific findings may have limited applicability to voluntary exercise in pregnant women. Although further investigation is needed, the majority of published studies suggest that fitness-type conditioning does not jeopardise fetal well-being in healthy well-nourished women. Benefits of such exercise appear to include increases in maximal aerobic power (VO2max, L/min) and enhanced cardiopulmonary reserve. It has also been proposed that exercise prevents accumulation of excess body fat, promotes psychological well-being, helps to prevent gestational diabetes and low back pain and may facilitate labour. However, these benefits remain to be confirmed by objective scientific study. Due primarily to a lack of scientific data, existing medical guidelines for exercise during pregnancy are conservative and follow a common sense approach. Good agreement exists on the need for preparticipation medical screening and continuing surveillance to verify the existence of maternal/fetal adaptive reserve. Women are advised to select safe, non-ballistic exercise modalities and to avoid thermal or hyperbaric environmental stress during exercise. Exercise in the supine position is also prudent to avoid, particularly in late gestation. The usefulness of heart rate in prescribing and monitoring exercise intensity has been questioned, with use of conventional perception of exertion scales being the most logical alternative. Prediction of maximal aerobic power (VO2max) from submaximal work rate/heart rate relationships is also problematic during pregnancy. Other areas of debate include the advisability of initiating a new exercise programme during pregnancy, methods for prevention of fetal hyperthermia, the safety of weight-training/isometric exercise and optimal methods for training of pre/postnatal fitness instructors.
[Maternal insulin-dependent diabetes and congenital malformations in the newborn].; Congenital malformations (CM) are one of the leading causes of perinatal morbidity and mortality in infants of insulin dependent diabetic mothers (IDM). The aim of the present study is to determinate the incidence and structure of CM in this high risk population. The study included 14,325 newborns born between 1997-2000. 157 of them were IDM. The incidence of CM in IDM is 4-8 times higher than in general newborn population. The most frequent CM are congenital heart disease and polimalformation syndrome. The duration of mothers insulin dependent diabetes and poor glycemic control before and during pregnancy increases the risk of CM.
Fibronectin levels in Indian neonates in health & disease.; Cord blood samples were estimated for serum fibronectin (Fn) by immunoelectrophoresis (IE) and enzyme linked immuno sorbent assay (ELISA) in 250 newborn healthy and sick infants classified into 6 categories: i.e., term appropriate for date (TAFD), preterm appropriate for date (PTAFD), term small for date (TSFD), preterm small for date (PTSFD), birth asphyxia (BA) and septicemia (SEP). TAFD infants were assayed for plasma Fn in addition. Comparison of Fn levels in the different groups by the Wilcoxan rank sum test indicated no significant difference between term and preterm infants, between PTAFD and PTSFD, TAFD and TSFD and in infants with and without birth asphyxia. Babies with septicemia had a significantly (P < 0.01) lower Fn level (29.97 +/- 29.03 mg/l) than those with no septicemia (42.77 +/- 30.20 mg/l). TAFD infants had Fn levels (serum 41.44 +/- 31.08 mg/l, plasma 85.20 +/- 33.38 mg/l) that are less than half the levels reported in the Western literature for newborn term infants. A possible cause could be the associated medical problems in mothers as 41 per cent of mothers of TAFD infants had conditions such as pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, rheumatic heart disease, infection etc.
Pregnancy as an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus: FIGO Best Practice Advice.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts approximately 17 million pregnancies worldwide. Women with a history of GDM have an 8-10-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and a 2-fold higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women without prior GDM. Although it is possible to prevent and/or delay progression of GDM to type 2 diabetes, this is not widely undertaken. Considering the increasing global rates of type 2 diabetes and CVD in women, it is essential to utilize pregnancy as an opportunity to identify women at risk and initiate preventive intervention. This article reviews existing clinical guidelines for postpartum identification and management of women with previous GDM and identifies key recommendations for the prevention and/or delayed progression to type 2 diabetes for global clinical practice.
Sickle cell disease and pregnancy: analysis of 34 patients followed at the Regional Blood Center of Ribeirão Preto, Brazil.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to verify the evolution of pregnancies in sickle cell patients followed at one institution over a period of 12 years (January 2000 to June 2012). METHODS: The study evaluated 34 pregnant women with sickle cell disease with a mean age of 23.9±5.3 years. The incidence of obstetric complications, non-obstetric complications linked to sickle cell disease and complications in the newborn were analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 26% of the cases reported previous miscarriages, 20% had preterm labor, 10% had pre-eclampsia, and 5% had gestational diabetes. Forty-one percent of the deliveries were cesarean sections and 29% of patients required blood transfusions. In respect to sickle cell disease, 62% of patients had vaso-occlusive crises, 29% had acute chest syndrome, 23% had urinary tract infection, 15% had impaired cardiac function and 6% developed pulmonary hypertension. Only one patient died in the postnatal period due to acute chest syndrome. The mean gestational age was 37.8±2.63 weeks, and mean newborn weight was 2.809±643.8g. There were seven fetal losses, including three stillbirths and four miscarriages. The impact of transfusion therapy on the incidence of maternal-fetal complications during pregnancy was evaluated. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in sickle cell patients is still associated with complications. Although no statistical difference was observed between transfused and non-transfused women, there were no deaths (fetal or maternal) in transfused patients whereas one maternal death and three stillbirths occurred in non-transfused women. A larger study of sickle cell pregnant women will be necessary to elucidate the actual role of transfusion during pregnancy in sickle cell disease.
Obstetric complications in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation, a retrospective cohort study on maternal and fetal outcome.; INTRODUCTION: The mitochondrial DNA m.3243A>G mutation is the most prevalent mutation causing mitochondrial disease in adult patients. Aside from some case reports, there are no studies on obstetric complications in a cohort of m.3243A>G carriers. We aimed to identify the prevalence of obstetric complications in a cohort of women carrying the m.3243A>G mutation. METHODS: All female carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation known from our previous national inventory were sent a questionnaire regarding their obstetric history. Data were compared to national references. Data from the national inventory, including NMDAS (disease severity) scores and heteroplasmy levels in urinary epithelial cells (UEC) were used to stratify women. RESULTS: Sixty women participated, the mean age was 47 years (range 20-70), mean NMDAS was 14.6 (range 0-46), and mean heteroplasmy percentage in UEC was 19.9% (range 5-85%). Ninety-eight pregnancies in 46 women were reported. Twenty-three (25.3%) had a premature delivery and five of them (5.5%) had a gestation of ≤ 32 weeks and eleven of the women (12%) suffered from preeclampsia. No different heteroplasmy level was found in the women with preeclampsia. Nine pregnancies (11%) were complicated by gestational diabetes. DISCUSSION: Obstetric complications occur frequently in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation. Proper guidance during pregnancies and early detection of possible obstetric complications are needed. As techniques to prevent transmission of mitochondrial mutations are studied it is important to know the possible complications patients may experience from the ensuing pregnancy.
Health Care Professional's Knowledge of Pregnancy Complications and Women's Cardiovascular Health: An International Study Utilizing Social Media.; Background: Despite guidelines recommending the evaluation of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as a part of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk assessment in women, there is limited awareness of this issue in health care professionals. We sought to evaluate the extent of this gap in knowledge. Methods: An online study using a standardized questionnaire was advertised through newsletters and websites of professional organizations. After a low response rate, the link to the survey was announced on Twitter and via personal email invitations. Differences between groups of respondents were evaluated with z-tests of proportion. Results: Out of 446 complete responses, there were 315 cardiologists and 112 obstetricians and gynecologists (OBGyns). There was an >90% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes with ASCVD, but only <60% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with preterm birth. There were significant differences in ASCVD risk assessment and awareness of the association of APOs with adverse outcomes between cardiologists and OBGyns, and between female and male cardiologists. A greater proportion of female cardiologists thought that the guidelines recommended annual follow-up for high-risk women. Conversely, a greater proportion of male cardiologists were unsure of the frequency of follow-up of such women in the relevant guidelines. A higher proportion of U.K. respondents thought that women with high-risk pregnancies should never be screened for cardiovascular disease postpartum compared with U.S. respondents. Conclusions: In a self-selected group of health care professionals interested in women's cardiovascular health, there remains a large gap in knowledge and awareness of the association of APOs with ASCVD risk, in particular, a lack of awareness of the association of ASCVD risk with preterm delivery. Specific target groups for improving knowledge regarding these sex-specific risk enhancers include male cardiologists and health care professionals practicing in the United Kingdom.
Maternal hyperglycemia and fetal cardiac development: Clinical impact and underlying mechanisms.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common type of birth defect and is both a significant pediatric and adult health problem, in light of a growing population of survivors. The etiology of CHD has been considered to be multifactorial with genetic and environmental factors playing important roles. The combination of advances in cardiac developmental biology, which have resulted in the elucidation of molecular pathways regulating normal cardiac morphogenesis, and genome sequencing technology have allowed the discovery of numerous genetic contributors of CHD ranging from chromosomal abnormalities to single gene variants. Conversely, mechanistic details of the contribution of environmental factors to CHD remain unknown. Maternal diabetes mellitus (matDM) is a well-established and increasingly prevalent environmental risk factor for CHD, but the underlying etiologic mechanisms by which pregestational matDM increases the vulnerability of embryos to cardiac malformations remains largely elusive. Here, we will briefly discuss the multifactorial etiology of CHD with a focus on the epidemiologic link between matDM and CHD. We will describe the animal models used to study the underlying mechanisms between matDM and CHD and review the numerous cellular and molecular pathways affected by maternal hyperglycemia in the developing heart. Last, we discuss how this increased understanding may open the door for the development of novel prevention strategies to reduce the incidence of CHD in this high-risk population.
Left atrial shortening fraction in fetuses with and without myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that, in diabetic pregnancies, left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) is decreased in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy, compared to those without hypertrophy and to fetuses of non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: Fetal echocardiography was performed in women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes and in non-diabetic controls between 25 weeks' gestation and term. LASF was calculated using the formula: (end-systolic diameter-end-diastolic diameter)/end-systolic diameter, and data were compared between diabetic women with and without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and controls. RESULTS: The study population comprised 53 diabetic women and 45 controls. Out of the 53 fetuses of diabetic women, 14 had myocardial hypertrophy and 39 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control group and the two diabetic subgroups (P = 0.57). Fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy presented a mean ( +/- SD) LASF of 0.32 +/- 0.11, those without myocardial hypertrophy 0.46 +/- 0.12, and those of normal mothers 0.53 +/- 0.09 (P < 0.001). A significant inverse linear correlation was observed between LASF and septal thickness (r = - 0.51, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic pregnancies, LASF is lower in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy than it is in those without hypertrophy and in fetuses of non-diabetic women, suggesting that LASF could be a useful alternative parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function.
European Society of Contraception oral contraceptives survey update: birth control methods in "Europe of the 12".; The European Society of Contraception developed a survey to examine birth control methods in the 12 countries++ of the European Community. Responses to those questions relating to prescribing++ practices of oral contraceptives (OCs) are presented herein. The survey was sent to 400 physicians. One hundred two responded, most from France, Belgium, and the United Kingdom. The responses revealed that the most popular OCs are modern combined formulations containing low doses of ethinyl estradiol and progestogens such as norgestimate, desogestrel, gestodene, and levonorgestrel. More than half of physicians prescribe a particular formulation because of its tolerability and 20% because of its hormonal content. More than 90% prescribe OCs to healthy, nonsmoking women over 40. However, three fourths will not prescribe OCs to smokers over 35. Half of physicians recommend mammography for their older OC patients. Half also recommend cholesterol screening, but 8% only for women over 30. Most physicians are no longer reluctant to prescribe OCs to their diabetic patients: 61% prescribe OCs for women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes, 56% for those with insulin-dependent diabetes, and 85% for those with a history of gestational diabetes. Despite recent studies showing no relation between past OC use and cardiovascular disease, 42% of physicians said that their greatest OC-related health concern is cardiovascular disease. One third cited noncompliance as their greatest concern. These results reveal inhomogeneous prescribing practices for OCs among European physicians. ¿Over-screening¿--not prescribing the pill because of perceived (but not necessarily real) health risks--may be depriving many women of the contraceptive and noncontraceptive benefits of OCs. Complete and accurate information--as promoted by the European Society of Contraception--is one way to combat such overscreening.
Delivery room desaturations and bradycardia in the early postnatal period of healthy term neonates - a prospective observational study.; OBJECTIVE: It has been suggested that desaturations and bradycardia precede acute life-threatening events (ALTE) and that ALTE is more common in the delivery room than later in life. However, frequency, duration and severity of desaturations in the first hours of life and additional risk factors have not readily been studied. METHODS: Term neonates (n = 100) were monitored for the first two hours after birth by pulse oximetry. The impact of maternal and perinatal factors on the frequency and severity of desaturations (<85%) and bradycardia (<80/min) was evaluated. RESULTS: Desaturations were detected in 30%, prolonged desaturations in 25% of infants. Desaturations were observed significantly more often in infants born by planned Cesarean section (pCs) compared to other modes of delivery (pCs 20/49; others 10/51; p = .029). Desaturations were also more frequent in infants diagnosed with neonatal infection (NI) or infants born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM), although not significantly. No bradycardia <80/min was detected. CONCLUSIONS: In our collective 4% of healthy term neonates had prolonged, clinically relevant desaturations in the first hours after birth. The mode of delivery and maternal risk factors may increase the risk for these events. However, our cohort was too small to detect any ALTE or SIDS and determine potential risk factors for these events. Our data lay ground for a large-scale prospective trial to investigate whether the mode of delivery could be an indication for general pulse oximetry monitoring of newborn in the delivery room.
SMARThealth Pregnancy: Feasibility and Acceptability of a Complex Intervention for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India: Protocol for a Pilot Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial.; Introduction: India is in the process of a major epidemiological transition towards non-communicable diseases. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Predisposing independent risk factors include pregnancy-related conditions, e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) - also associated with significant perinatal mortality and morbidity. Early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of future CVD may offer opportunities for prevention. In rural India, Community Health Workers (CHWs) provide most antenatal and postnatal care. Innovative solutions are required to address integrated care for rural women during transitions between antenatal, postnatal and general health services. The George Institute's SMARThealth Programme has shown that CHWs in rural India screening non-pregnant adults for cardiovascular risk, using a decision support system, is feasible. Building on this, we developed a targeted training programme for CHWs and a complex system-level intervention that uses mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and primary care doctors to screen high-risk pregnant women. In addition to addressing HDP and GDM, the intervention also screens for anaemia in pregnancy. Methods/Design: A pilot study will be undertaken in two diverse rural districts of India: Jhajjar (Haryana) and Guntur (Andhra Pradesh). Two Primary Health Centre clusters will be randomised to intervention or control groups at each study site. The primary objective of this pilot study is to explore the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention. Secondary objectives are to estimate: (a) prevalence rates of moderate to severe anaemia, HDPs and GDM at the study sites; (b) referral and follow-up rates, and (c) mean haemoglobin and blood pressure values at the routine 6 week postnatal visit. A process evaluation will be conducted to explore the acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention for pregnant women and healthcare workers using qualitative methods. Discussion: It is anticipated that the findings of this pilot study will help determine the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention, and highlight how the intervention might be further developed for evaluation in a larger, cluster randomised controlled trial. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT03968952.
Congenital Heart Disease and Autism: A Case-Control Study.; OBJECTIVES: There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and autism spectrum disorders (AuSDs) is less well understood. Using administrative data, we sought to determine the association between CHD and AuSD and identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD. METHODS: We performed a 1:3 case-control study of children enrolled in the US Military Health System from 2001 to 2013. Children with International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes for AuSD were identified as cases and matched with controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrollment time frame. Each child's records were reviewed for CHD lesions and associated procedures. Conditional logistic regression determined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for comparative associations. RESULTS: There were 8760 cases with AuSD and 26 280 controls included in the study. After adjustment for genetic syndrome, maternal age, gestational diabetes, short gestation, newborn epilepsy, birth asphyxia, and low birth weight, there were increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.10-1.59). Specific lesions with significant OR included atrial septal defects (n = 82; OR 1.72; 95% CI 1.07-2.74) and ventricular septal defects (n = 193; OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.21-2.25). CONCLUSIONS: Children with CHD have increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions associated with increased risk include atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects. These findings will be useful for counseling parents of children with CHD.
Cohort profile: Mysore parthenon birth cohort.; The Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort was established to examine the long-term effects of maternal glucose tolerance and nutritional status on cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring. During 1997-98, 830 of 1233 women recruited from the antenatal clinics of the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital (HMH), Mysore, India, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Of these, 667 women delivered live babies at HMH. Four babies with major congenital anomalies were excluded, and the remaining 663 were included for further follow-up. The babies had detailed anthropometry at birth and at 6-12-monthly intervals subsequently. Detailed cardiovascular investigations were done at ages 5, 9.5 and 13.5 years in the children, and in the parents at the 5-year and 9.5-year follow-ups. This ongoing study provides extensive data on serial anthropometry and body composition, physiological and biochemical measures, dietary intake, nutritional status, physical activity measures, stress reactivity measures and cognitive function, and socio-demographic parameters for the offspring. Data on anthropometry, cardiovascular risk factors and nutritional status are available for mothers during pregnancy. Anthropometry and risk factor measures are available for both parents at follow-up.
The epidemiology of polycystic ovary syndrome. Prevalence and associated disease risks.; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a common problem affecting approximately 5% of women of reproductive age when defined by clinical features of anovulation and hyperandrogenism. Metabolic derangements associated with this condition may predispose to a range of diseases with attendant morbidity and mortality risks. In general, available data support significantly increased rates of type II diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and endometrial cancer in PCOS that are not completely explained by obesity; data also suggest that rates of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and pregnancy-induced hypertension may likewise be increased, although the extent to which obesity mediates these risks is not clear. The increased prevalence of several cardiovascular risk factors in PCOS and limited cross-sectional data suggest that cardiovascular disease should be more likely in PCOS, but prospective data are lacking to confirm this supposition. Limited data have suggested an association between PCOS and ovarian cancer risk and require further study. The present data do not support an increased risk for breast cancer in this condition. Long-term prospective data are clearly needed to better delineate the nature and magnitude of disease risks associated with PCOS, with appropriate adjustment for associated obesity. Such information is a necessary background for understanding the role of established and emerging PCOS therapies, including oral contraceptives, intermittent progesterone, ovulation induction agents, and insulin sensitizers, in modifying such risks. In the meantime, close follow-up of women with PCOS and encouragement of lifestyle practices likely to reduce disease risks, such as regular exercise and weight control, should be standard practice.
Insulin resistance and metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder with widespread systemic manifestations affecting 5-10% of women of reproductive age. The accompanying insulin resistance and hypeinsulinemia mark this syndrome as a prediabetic state, with high incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes, and overt diabetes. Other metabolic and biochemical changes, such as hypertension and dyslipidemia, increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Fertility may also be impaired due to anovulation, impaired implantation, and higher rates of spontaneous abortions. All of these effects may also be related to hyperinsulinemia. Metformin, as insulin-sensitizing drug, is being evaluated for its potential long-term disease-modifying effect, such as prevention of diabetes. Its use may also help restore spontaneous ovulation and improve menstrual cyclicity, improve the success rate of induction of ovulation with clomiphene citrate and FSH, and decrease the high rate of ovarian hyperstimulation and early pregnancy loss. Nevertheless, these new exiting potential benefits of metformin should be evaluated in large randomized controlled studies, and clinicians must counsel women appropriately before the initiation of metformin therapy.
Explaining the obesity paradox in healthcare utilization among people with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Several studies of diabetes suggest an obesity paradox: persons without diabetes have an increased risk of death due to obesity, whereas obesity decreases the risk of death for people with diabetes. A recent study finds the same obesity paradox with the number of healthcare visits. Whether empirical biases and confounding lead to this paradox is yet to be determined. OBJECTIVE: To examine changes in the relationship between BMI and number of visits in diabetic vs nondiabetic populations, controlling for confounding risk factors. METHODS: Using adults in the nationally representative Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) from 2008 to 2016, N = 210,317, we examine the proposed relationship using six measures of healthcare visits with zero-inflated negative binomial regressions controlling for age, gender, race/ethnicity, income, education, region, health insurance, chronic conditions, and smoking. We excluded persons with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. RESULTS: We find an obesity paradox among people with diabetes for three measures. That is, relative to people without diabetes, normal weight people with diabetes have more emergency room visits, inpatient, and office-based physician visits than do the obese with diabetes. However, we do not find an obesity paradox in any of the six measures once we exclude smokers and persons ever diagnosed with cancer or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSION: The obesity paradox does not exist at the utilization level and is due to the presence of statistical biases such as confounding and reverse causation. Physicians should continue to focus on efforts to prevent obesity in patients with diabetes.
Advanced Maternal Age Worsens Postpartum Vascular Function.; The age at which women experience their first pregnancy has increased throughout the decades. Pregnancy has an important influence on maternal short- and long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Pregnancy at an advanced maternal age increases maternal risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placenta previa and caesarian delivery; complications which predict worsened cardiovascular health in later years. Aging also independently increases the risk of cardiovascular disease; therefore, combined risk in women of advanced maternal age may lead to detrimental cardiovascular outcomes later in life. We hypothesized that pregnancy at an advanced maternal age would lead to postpartum vascular dysfunction. We used a reproductively aged rat model to investigate vascular function in never pregnant (virgin), previously pregnant (postpartum) and previously mated but never delivered (nulliparous) rats at approximately 13.5 months of age (3 months postpartum or equivalent). Nulliparous rats, in which pregnancy was spontaneously lost, demonstrated significantly reduced aortic relaxation responses (methylcholine [MCh] Emax: 54.2 ± 12.6%) vs. virgin and postpartum rats (MCh Emax: 84.8 ± 3.5% and 84.7 ± 3.2% respectively); suggesting pregnancy loss causes a worsened vascular pathology. Oxidized LDL reduced relaxation to MCh in aorta from virgin and postpartum, but not nulliparous rats, with an increased contribution of the LOX-1 receptor in the postpartum group. Further, in mesenteric arteries from postpartum rats, endothelium-derived hyperpolarization (EDH)-mediated vasodilation was reduced and a constrictive prostaglandin effect was apparent. In conclusion, aged postpartum rats exhibited vascular dysfunction, while rats which had pregnancy loss demonstrated a distinct vascular pathology. These data demonstrate mechanisms which may lead to worsened outcomes at an advanced maternal age; including early pregnancy loss and later life cardiovascular dysfunction.
Preterm Birth and its Impact on Renal Health.; Preterm birth occurs in approximately 10% of all births worldwide. Preterm infants have reduced nephron numbers at birth in proportion to gestational age, and are at increased risk of neonatal acute kidney injury as well as higher blood pressure, proteinuria, and chronic kidney disease later in life. Rapid catch-up growth in preterm infants, especially if resulting in obesity, is a risk factor for end-stage kidney disease among children with proteinuric renal disease. Preterm birth, however, is a risk factor not only for the infant because mothers who deliver preterm have an increased risk of having subsequent preterm deliveries as well as hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and renal disease later in life. Preterm birth in a female infant is also a risk factor for her future risk of having a preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes, which in turn may impact the development of fetal kidneys and the offspring's risk of hypertension and renal disease. This intergenerational programming cycle, therefore, perpetuates the risks and consequences of prematurity. Interruption of this cycle may be possible through optimization of maternal nutrition and health as well as careful antenatal care, which may in turn reduce the global burden of hypertension and renal disease in subsequent generations.
Drosophila melanogaster: An emerging model of transgenerational effects of maternal obesity.; The prevalence of obesity in the world is endemic with one rapidly growing health concern being maternal obesity. Obesity during pregnancy increases the risk of gestational diabetes, miscarriage, and preeclampsia, while rendering offspring susceptible to developmental anomalies and long-term metabolic complications including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Several studies in humans and rodents demonstrate a correlation between the risks of maternal overnutrition and factors such as epigenetics, mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance, ER stress, and immune system disruption. At present, the molecular mechanisms connecting these factors to maternal obesity are unknown. This review focuses on the use of Drosophila melanogaster to study human metabolic diseases, including obesity, and its emerging use to elucidate the mechanisms of maternal overnutrition and the impact on offspring.
Contemporary clinical updates on the prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes are significant causes of maternal mortality. There is substantial evidence of an association between adverse events during pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk. It is therefore important to understand the role of risk modification prior to, during, and after pregnancy to reduce adverse outcomes. These efforts include risk assessment, routine screening for cardiovascular risk factors, and potential pharmacotherapeutic risk reduction. In this manuscript, we aim to highlight the current evidence in the areas of cardiovascular risk assessment and risk modification, and the role for potential risk reduction therapies before, during, and after pregnancy.
NAFLD at the Interface of the Mother-Infant Dyad.; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non- Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers' health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
Metabolic syndrome in childhood.; The so-called epidemic of childhood obesity has increased the interest in the metabolic syndrome (MS) due to the potential projection into adulthood. Prevalence of the MS in adolescents has been estimated to be 6.7% in young adults and 4.2% in adolescents. Figures rise up to 28.7% in overweight and obese adolescents. The most widely accepted hypothesis links the syndrome to obesity. In the Bogalusa study, the best predictors were obesity and being in the upper quartile of basal insulin levels. Ethnic and genetic factors play a role in order to explain the syndrome in the non-obese population and the differences of interobesity. The relationship between MS and type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is well established in adults. This association can be suggested in children as well, although the syndrome in childhood urgently needs to be clearly defined. In this age group, it is also of great interest to identify diagnosis criteria of the so-called pre-MS. Detection of the syndrome focuses mainly on obese and overweight young people. Other population groups such as newborns with low or high birth weight, infants with accelerated growth, or children of obese or with gestational diabetes mothers are at a higher risk of developing peripheral insulin resistance. The measurement of abdominal circumference can be a useful screening tool. Physical exercise and restriction of saturated and trans fatty acids are basic for treatment. If reducing weight is necessary, a reduction of carbohydrate intake, especially for refined sugars, must be emphasised. Dietary fibre improves insulin sensitivity.
Leptin in pregnancy: an update.; Leptin influences satiety, adiposity, and metabolism and is associated with mechanisms regulating puberty onset, fertility, and pregnancy in various species. Maternal hyperleptinemia is a hallmark of mammalian pregnancy, although both the roles of leptin and the mechanisms regulating its synthesis appear to be taxa specific. In pregnant humans and nonhuman primates, leptin is produced by both maternal and fetal adipose tissues, as well as by the placental trophoblast. Specific receptors in the uterine endometrium, trophoblast, and fetus facilitate direct effects of the polypeptide on implantation, placental endocrine function, and conceptus development. A soluble isoform of the receptor may be responsible for inducing maternal leptin resistance during pregnancy and/or may facilitate the transplacental passage of leptin for the purpose of directly regulating fetal development. The steroid hormones are linked to the regulation of leptin and the leptin receptor and probably interact with other pregnancy-specific, serum-borne factors to regulate leptin dynamics during pregnancy. In addition to its effects on normal conceptus development, leptin is linked to mechanisms affecting a diverse array of pregnancy-specific pathologies that include preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and intrauterine growth restriction. Association with these anomalies and with mechanisms pointing to a fetal origin for a range of conditions affecting the individual's health in adult life, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease, reiterate the need for continued research dedicated to elucidating leptin's roles and regulation throughout gestation.
Evidence of a Bi-Directional Relationship between Arterial Stiffness and Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies.; BACKGROUND: There are numerous cross-sectional studies showing an association between arterial stiffness and diabetes, but the temporality of the association is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the temporal relationship between arterial stiffness and diabetes. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE and Embase from inception to 31 August 2023, to identify cohort studies that assessed whether arterial stiffness, as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV), was predictive of the development of diabetes and vice versa. We summarised study data, and where possible undertook meta-analysis. RESULTS: We identified 19 studies that included people with type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes. All 11 studies investigating arterial stiffness as a predictor of diabetes found a significant relationship. Six of those studies were suitable for meta-analysis. The risk of developing diabetes was greater in people with higher PWV at baseline than lower PWV (RR = 2.14, 95%CI 1.65 to 2.79, p < 0.00001) and the mean difference in baseline PWV was higher in people who developed diabetes than those who did not (mean difference: 0.77 m/s, 95%CI 0.47 to 1.06, p < 0.00001). Of 8 studies investigating diabetes as a predictor of arterial stiffness, 7 found a significant relationship. CONCLUSION: There is evidence of a bidirectional relationship between arterial stiffness and diabetes. Arterial stiffness may provide a causal link between diabetes and future cardiovascular disease.
Linear and nonlinear parameters for the analysis of fetal heart rate signal from cardiotocographic recordings.; Antepartum fetal monitoring based on the classical cardiotocography (CTG) is a noninvasive and simple tool for checking fetal status. Its introduction in the clinical routine limited the occurrence of fetal problems leading to a reduction of the precocious child mortality. Nevertheless, very poor indications on fetal pathologies can be inferred from the even automatic CTG analysis methods, which are actually employed. The feeling is that fetal heart rate (FHR) signals and uterine contractions carry much more information on fetal state than is usually extracted by classical analysis methods. In particular, FHR signal contains indications about the neural development of the fetus. However, the methods actually adopted for judging a CTG trace as "abnormal" give weak predictive indications about fetal dangers. We propose a new methodological approach for the CTG monitoring, based on a multiparametric FHR analysis, which includes spectral parameters from autoregressive models and nonlinear algorithms (approximate entropy). This preliminary study considers 14 normal fetuses, eight cases of gestational (maternal) diabetes, and 13 intrauterine growth retarded fetuses. A comparison with the traditional time domain analysis is also included. This paper shows that the proposed new parameters are able to separate normal from pathological fetuses. Results constitute the first step for realizing a new clinical classification system for the early diagnosis of most common fetal pathologies.
Altered transitional circulation in infants of diabetic mothers with strict antenatal obstetric management: a functional echocardiography study.; OBJECTIVE: Infants born to diabetic mothers (IDMs) even with good glycemic control are at risk for neonatal morbidity. Many of these problems occur during neonatal transition. We assessed (i) systemic and pulmonary blood flow in IDMs compared with controls and (ii) directional blood flow changes within fetal shunts during the first few days of life. STUDY DESIGN: In this prospective observational cohort study, we evaluated right (RVO) and left ventricular output, superior vena cava flow, atrial and ductal shunts, and tricuspid regurgitation in 32 IDMs and 18 controls using serial echocardiography after birth and 48 h of life in both groups and at 24 and 72 h in IDMs only. RESULT: IDMs had lower RVO after birth and 48 h of life. IDMs also had less left to right atrial shunt and more right to left ductal shunt after birth compared with controls. In all, 15 of the 32 IDMs were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit and 11 had respiratory symptoms. CONCLUSION: Persistence of fetal shunts and decreased RVO in IDMs suggest that even those with good gestational control have impaired transitional hemodynamics.
Trends in Selected Chronic Conditions and Related Risk Factors Among Women of Reproductive Age: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, 2011-2017.; Introduction: Chronic diseases in the United States are the leading drivers of disability, death, and health care costs. In women of reproductive age (WRA), chronic disease and related risk factors can also affect fertility and reproductive health outcomes. This analysis of trends from 2011 to 2017 adds additional indicators and updates an analysis covering 2001-2009. Methods: Data from the 2011-2017 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System were analyzed for 265,544 WRA (18-44 years). To assess trends in 12 chronic conditions and related risk factors, we calculated annual prevalence estimates and adjusted prevalence ratios (APRs) with predicted marginals accounting for age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, and health care coverage. Results: From 2011 to 2017, prevalence decreased for current smoking (20.7%-15.9%; p < 0.001), gestational diabetes (3.1%-2.7%; p = 0.003), and high cholesterol (19.0%-16.7%; p < 0.001); prevalence increased for depression (20.4%-24.9%; p < 0.001) and obesity (24.6%-27.6%; p < 0.001). After adjustment, in 2017 WRA were more likely to report asthma (APR = 1.06; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-1.11), physical inactivity (APR = 1.08; 95% CI = 1.04-1.12), obesity (APR = 1.15; 95% CI = 1.11-1.19), and depression (APR = 1.29; 95% CI = 1.25-1.34) compared with 2011. They were less likely to report high cholesterol (APR = 0.89; 95% CI = 0.85-0.94) in 2015 compared with 2011, and current smoking (APR = 0.86; 95% CI = 0.82-0.89) and gestational diabetes (APR = 0.84; 95% CI = 0.75-0.94) in 2017 compared with 2011. Conclusions: Some chronic conditions and related risk factors improved, whereas others worsened over time. Research clarifying reasons for these trends may support the development of targeted interventions to promote improvements, potentially preventing adverse reproductive outcomes and promoting long-term health.
Is It Safe to Manage Acute Cholecystitis Nonoperatively During Pregnancy?: A Nationwide Analysis of Morbidity According to Management Strategy.; OBJECTIVES: To compare cholecystectomy (CCY) and nonoperative treatment (no-CCY) for acute cholecystitis in pregnancy. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Current Society of Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgery guidelines recommend CCY over nonoperative management of acute cholecystitis during pregnancy, and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend medically necessary surgery regardless of trimester. This approach has been recently questioned. METHODS: Pregnant women admitted with acute cholecystitis were identified using the Nationwide Readmission Database 2010-2015. Propensity-score adjusted logistic regression models were used to compare CCY and no-CCY. The primary outcome was a composite measure of adverse maternal-fetal outcomes (intrauterine death/stillbirth, poor fetal growth, abortion, preterm delivery, C-section, obstetric bleeding, infection of the amniotic fluid, venous thromboembolism). RESULTS: There were 6390 pregnant women with acute cholecystitis: 38.2% underwent CCY, of which 5.1% were open. Patients were more likely to be managed operatively in their second trimester (First 43.9%, Second 59.1%, Third 34.2%; P < 0.01). Patients managed with CCY did not differ in age, insurance, income, Charlson Comorbidity Index, diabetes or obesity when compared to no-CCY (all P > 0.05), but were less likely to have a previous C-section, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia or be in the third trimester (P ≤ 0.01). Risk-adjusted analyses showed that no-CCY was associated with significantly increased maternal-fetal complications during the index admission [odds ratio 3.0 (95% confidence interval 2.08-4.34), P < 0.01] and 30-day readmissions [odds ratio 1.61 (confidence interval % CI 1.12-2.32), P < 0.01]. CONCLUSIONS: Contrary to current guidelines, most pregnant women admitted in the US with acute cholecystitis are managed nonoperatively. This is associated with over twice the odds of maternal-fetal complications in addition to increased readmissions.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGISTS, AMERICAN COLLEGE OF ENDOCRINOLOGY, AND ANDROGEN EXCESS AND PCOS SOCIETY DISEASE STATE CLINICAL REVIEW: GUIDE TO THE BEST PRACTICES IN THE EVALUATION AND TREATMENT OF POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME - PART 2.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is recognized as the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women around the world. This document, produced by the collaboration of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the Androgen Excess Society aims to highlight the most important clinical issues confronting physicians and their patients with PCOS. It is a summary of current best practices in 2014. Insulin resistance is believed to play an intrinsic role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. The mechanism by which insulin resistance or insulin give rise to oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenemia, however, is unclear. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies have shown that both obese and lean women with PCOS have some degree of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is implicated in the ovulatory dysfunction of PCOS by disrupting the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. Given the association with insulin resistance, all women with PCOS require evaluation for the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and the possible risk of clinical events, including acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Obese women with PCOS are at increased risk for MetS with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; 31 to 35%) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; 7.5 to 10%). Rates of progression from normal glucose tolerance to IGT, and in turn to T2DM, may be as high as 5 to 15% within 3 years. Data suggest the need for baseline oral glucose tolerance test every 1 to 2 years based on family history of T2DM as well as body mass index (BMI) and yearly in women with IGT. Compared with BMI- and age-matched controls, young, lean PCOS women have lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) size, higher very-low-density lipoprotein particle number, higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particle number, and borderline lower LDL size. Statins have been shown to lower testosterone levels either alone or in combination with oral contraceptives (OCPs) but have not shown improvement in menses, spontaneous ovulation, hirsutism, or acne. Statins reduce total and LDL cholesterol but have no effect on HDL, C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in PCOS women, in contrast to the general population. There have been no long-term studies of statins on clinical cardiac outcomes in women with PCOS. Coronary calcification is more prevalent and more severe in PCOS than in controls. In women under 60 years of age undergoing coronary angiography, the presence of polycystic ovaries on sonography has been associated with more arterial segments with >50% stenosis, but the relationship between PCOS and actual cardiovascular events remains unclear. Therapies for PCOS are varied in their effects and targets and include both nonpharmacologic as well as pharmacologic approaches. Weight loss is the primary therapy in PCOS--reduction in weight of as little as 5% can restore regular menses and improve response to ovulation- inducing and fertility medications. Metformin in premenopausal PCOS women has been associated with a reduction in features of MetS. Clamp studies using ethinyl estradiol/drosperinone combination failed to reveal evidence of an increase in either peripheral or hepatic insulin resistance. Subjects with PCOS have a 1.5-times higher baseline risk of venous thromboembolic disease and a 3.7-fold greater effect with OCP use compared with non-PCOS subjects. There is currently no genetic test to screen for or diagnose PCOS, and there is no test to assist in the choice of treatment strategies. Persistent bleeding should always be investigated for pregnancy and/or uterine pathology--including transvaginal ultrasound exam and endometrial biopsy--in women with PCOS. PCOS women can have difficulty conceiving. Those who become pregnant are at risk for gestational diabetes (which should be evaluated and managed appropriately) and the microvascular complications of diabetes. Assessment of a woman with PCOS for infertility involves evaluating for preconceptional issues that may affect response to therapy or lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluating the couple for other common infertility issues that may affect the choice of therapy, such as a semen analysis. Women with PCOS have multiple factors that may lead to an elevated risk of pregnancy, including a high prevalence of IGT--a clear risk factor for gestational diabetes--and MetS with hypertension, which increases the risk for pre-eclampsia and placental abruption. Women should be screened and treated for hypertension and diabetes prior to attempting conception. Women should be counseled about weight loss prior to attempting conception, although there are limited clinical trial data demonstrating a benefit to this recommendation. Treatment for women with PCOS and anovulatory infertility should begin with an oral agent such as clomiphene citrate or letrozole, an aromatase inhibitor.
Interrupted aortic arch: from a singular forensic case to clinical and diagnostic cue.; BACKGROUND: Abnormalities of aortic arch include variables related to structure, location, anatomical relationships and collateral vessels. This group includes the malformation known as "interrupted aortic arch". During fetal life, oxygenated blood is provided by materno-fetal circulation and own fetal circulation. CASE REPORT. This work discuss of female fetus born without any vital signs at 38th week by 34-years-old primigravida affected by gestational diabetes and anemia gravidarum. Pregnancy was regular. Labor and cardiotocographic tracings were regular, natural delivery; however, at the time of umbilical cord severing the baby went into cardiocirculatory arrest. Autopsy findings were: - hypertrophied right ventricle; - no morphological changes in interventricular septum, - ascending aorta physiologically arose from the left ventricle; after the emergence of the left subclavian artery and the anonymous trunk, it suddenly stopped at cul de sac. Thoracic tract arose as a collateral branch of the pulmonary artery. In addition, Botallo duct was patent. Thus, the diagnosis of death was interruption of aortic arch resulting in cardiogenic shock and irreversible cardiovascular collapse. CONCLUSION: In filed case, newborn presented "type B" interruption. Interruption manifests itself between left common carotid artery and the left subclavian artery. Descending aorta arose from the pulmonary trunk. So that, in this case, right ventricle provided systemic circulation. At delivery, with the severing of the umbilical cord and physiological closure of the Botallo ductus, acute right heart failure and shock occurred. This work aims to be a cue for scientific community, in order to assist clinical and diagnostic knowledge using autopsy data with expost perspective.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of urolithiasis: A retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Although urolithiasis is relatively common in the general population, there is limited information on this condition available in the pregnant population. The objectives of this study are to identify the incidence of urolithiasis in pregnancy, as well as to compare maternal and fetal outcomes associated with urolithiasis in pregnancy. METHODS: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from the United States, a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of pregnant women who delivered between 1999 and 2015 was conducted. ICD-9-CM code 592.X was used to identify pregnant women with urolithiasis within the cohort, with pregnant women without urolithiasis forming the comparison group. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate the associations between urolithiasis in pregnancy and maternal and neonatal outcomes, while adjusting for baseline maternal characteristics. RESULTS: A cohort of 13,792,544 pregnant women was identified, of which 11,528 had a urolithiasis-related admission during pregnancy, for an overall incidence of 8.3 per 10,000 pregnancies. Women with urolithiasis had a greater risk of developing preeclampsia/eclampsia, OR 1.35(95% CI 1.24-1.47), gestational diabetes, 1.29(1.20-1.30), abruptio placenta, 1.41(1.22-1.64), placenta previa, 1.55(1.27-1.90), pyelonephritis, 88.87(81.69-96.69), venous thromboembolism, 1.65(1.23-2.22), and more likely to deliver by cesarean, 1.20(1.15-1.25). As well, maternal death was more common among these women, 2.85(1.07-7.60). Congenital anomalies, 2.84(2.43-3.31) and prematurity, 1.92(1.82-2.03) were more commonly found among babies born to women with urolithiasis. CONCLUSION: Although the mechanism is unclear, women with urolithiasis in pregnancy have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy and newborn outcomes.
Severe Alkalemia and hypokalemia after chronic exposure to alkaline water.; Consumption of alkaline electrolyzed water (AEW) has become increasingly popular for consumer use. Although these alkaline water products are now commonly used, they are of questionable health benefit. Some individuals believe that it may help their dyspepsia. Furthermore, there is a paucity of evidence on its toxicologic profile and adverse effects. This is a single case report of a 42-year-old female with a past medical history of gestational diabetes, necrotizing pancreatitis, presented to the Emergency Department for 3 weeks of lethargy, weakness, difficulty walking, and vomiting. She endorsed consuming 5 liters (L) of alkaline water daily for the past month. Initial labs showed pH 7.69, potassium 1.6meQ/L, sodium 133 meQ/L, chloride 65 mmol/L, magnesium 0.9 meQ/L, and bicarbonate 46 mmol/L, and lactate of 13.2 mmol/L. EKG showed sinus tachycardia with QTc of 630 milliseconds. Patient was treated supportively with intravenous fluids and electrolyte replacement. The potassium rose to 6.6 meQ/L, which then the patient was treated for hyperkalemia. After four days of intravenous fluid and electrolyte replacement, the patient's electrolytes and acid-base status normalized, and she was transferred to the medical floors for further management. This case report illustrates severe metabolic alkalosis and hypokalemia in the setting of chronic alkaline water exposure. It also is an example of alkalemia with hyperlactatemia, or "lactic alkalosis". To our knowledge, there is no previous literature reporting serious adverse effects of alkaline bottled water products.
Diseases and conditions that impact maternal and fetal health and the potential for nanomedicine therapies.; Maternal mortality rates in the United States have steadily increased since 1987 to the current rate of over 16 deaths per 100,000 live births. Whereas most of these deaths are related to an underlying condition, such as cardiovascular disease, many pregnant women die from diseases that emerge as a consequence of pregnancy. Both pre-existing and emergent diseases and conditions are difficult to treat in pregnant women because of the potential harmful effects of the treatment on the developing fetus. Often the health of the woman and the health of the baby are at odds and must be weighed against each other when medical treatment is needed, frequently leading to iatrogenic preterm birth. However, the use of engineered nanomedicines has the potential to fill the treatment gap for pregnant women. This review describes several conditions that may afflict pregnant women and fetuses and introduces how engineered nanomedicines may be used to treat these illnesses. Although the field of maternal-fetal nanomedicine is in its infancy, with additional research and development, engineered nanotherapeutics may greatly improve outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring in the future.
Development and validation of QDiabetes-2018 risk prediction algorithm to estimate future risk of type 2 diabetes: cohort study.; Objectives To derive and validate updated QDiabetes-2018 prediction algorithms to estimate the 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women, taking account of potential new risk factors, and to compare their performance with current approaches.Design Prospective open cohort study.Setting Routinely collected data from 1457 general practices in England contributing to the QResearch database: 1094 were used to develop the scores and a separate set of 363 were used to validate the scores.Participants 11.5 million people aged 25-84 and free of diabetes at baseline: 8.87 million in the derivation cohort and 2.63 million in the validation cohort.Methods Cox proportional hazards models were used in the derivation cohort to derive separate risk equations in men and women for evaluation at 10 years. Risk factors considered included those already in QDiabetes (age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids) and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Additional models included fasting blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin (HBA1c). Measures of calibration and discrimination were determined in the validation cohort for men and women separately and for individual subgroups by age group, ethnicity, and baseline disease status.Main outcome measure Incident type 2 diabetes recorded on the general practice record.Results In the derivation cohort, 178 314 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified during follow-up arising from 42.72 million person years of observation. In the validation cohort, 62 326 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified from 14.32 million person years of observation. All new risk factors considered met our model inclusion criteria. Model A included age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids, and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, and gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome in women. Model B included the same variables as model A plus fasting blood glucose. Model C included HBA1c instead of fasting blood glucose. All three models had good calibration and high levels of explained variation and discrimination. In women, model B explained 63.3% of the variation in time to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (R(2)), the D statistic was 2.69 and the Harrell's C statistic value was 0.89. The corresponding values for men were 58.4%, 2.42, and 0.87. Model B also had the highest sensitivity compared with current recommended practice in the National Health Service based on bands of either fasting blood glucose or HBA1c. However, only 16% of patients had complete data for blood glucose measurements, smoking, and body mass index.Conclusions Three updated QDiabetes risk models to quantify the absolute risk of type 2 diabetes were developed and validated: model A does not require a blood test and can be used to identify patients for fasting blood glucose (model B) or HBA1c (model C) testing. Model B had the best performance for predicting 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes to identify those who need interventions and more intensive follow-up, improving on current approaches. Additional external validation of models B and C in datasets with more completely collected data on blood glucose would be valuable before the models are used in clinical practice.
Impact of clinical pharmacists intervention on management of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in Jordan.; Background and objective Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and postpartum (PP) diabetes. This study aimed to assess the impact of the clinical pharmacist-assisted program (CPAP) of optimizing drug therapy and intensive education on main management outcome measures of patient knowledge about diabetes, Quality of life (QoL) as measured by SF-36 including maternal complications, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) control, and HbA1c. Method This is a randomized controlled study. Pregnant (20-28 weeks) patients with hyperglycemia received CPAP (n = 51) as compared with conventional management (n = 34). Patients were then followed up for 6 weeks pp. Results A significant change was shown in the intervention group for diabetes knowledge (3.47% vs. control 2.03%, P < 0.05) and three aspects of health-related QoL. The need for caesarian delivery (58.8% vs. control 35.3%) and severe episodes of hypoglycemia (0% vs. control 8.8%) were significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the intervention group. Six weeks PP reduction in HbA1c values was greater in the intervention group (- 0.54% vs. control - 0.08%, P = 0.04) with more FPG-controlled patients during pregnancy (94% vs. control 64.7%). Conclusion Clinical pharmacist assisted services in the management of pregnancy hyperglycemia fundamentally and significantly improve knowledge and disease control.
Metabolic programming in early life in humans.; An association of low birth weight with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and diabetes led to the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, which proposes that undernutrition during early development permanently 'programmes' organ structure and metabolism, leading to vulnerability to later cardio-metabolic disease. High birth weight caused by maternal gestational diabetes is also associated with later diabetes, suggesting that fetal over-nutrition also has programming effects. Post-natal factors (excess weight gain/obesity, smoking, poor diets and physical inactivity) interact with fetal exposures to increase disease risk. Animal studies have shown permanent metabolic effects in offspring after alterations to maternal or early post-natal diets but evidence in humans is largely limited to observational and quasi-experimental situations such as maternal famine exposure. Randomized trials of maternal nutritional interventions during pregnancy have so far had limited follow-up of the offspring. Moreover, interventions usually started after the first trimester and therefore missed key peri-conceptional or early pregnancy events such as epigenetic changes, placentation and fetal organogenesis. Recent and ongoing trials intervening pre-conceptionally and powered for long-term offspring follow-up will address these issues. While current preventive strategies for cardio-metabolic disease focus on high-risk individuals in mid-life, DOHaD concepts offer a 'primordial' preventive strategy to reduce disease in future generations by improving fetal and infant development. This article is part of the theme issue 'Developing differences: early-life effects and evolutionary medicine'.
Prepregnancy Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in a Safety-Net Hospital.; Background: Many adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, APO data in the context of pre-existing CVD risk factors, and from diverse populations, are limited. We assessed the occurrence of APOs among individuals with and without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, overall and by race/ethnicity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study using electronic medical record data from a large urban safety-net hospital. Individuals with prenatal care and delivery between 2016 and 2018 at the hospital were included, and data from prenatal intake through the delivery hospitalization were captured. The exposure, prepregnancy CVD risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, tobacco use, and obesity), and the outcome, APOs (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and stillbirth), were identified from electronic medical records. Results: We identified 3760 unique delivering individuals, of whom 55.1% self-identified as Black non-Hispanic and 17% as Hispanic. Prepregnancy CVD risk factor prevalence was 45.6%, most commonly obesity (26.6%). APO prevalence was 35.6%, most commonly a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (20.1%). Overall, 45.7% of APOs occurred in the absence of recognized prepregnancy CVD risk factors, representing 16.3% of the total sample. Among individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, APO prevalence was 30.0% and did not vary by race/ethnicity. Conclusions: In this racially and ethnically diverse hospital-based sample, APOs were present in one in three parous individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors-a group with potentially elevated CVD risk who might otherwise be missed by traditional CVD risk factor screening.
[Clinical and developmental aspects of cardiac involvement in infant of diabetic mother].; The authors evaluated the main clinical and evolutive aspects of heart involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother (IDM). We studied the files of 35 IDM in a 4 years period; they were investigated the first week of life and at 6-12 months (18 cases). Most of the patients were asymptomatic/signs of extracardiac suffering; 15 had a systolic murmur. ECG: left ventricle (LV) hypertrophy (8) and LV repolarization disturbances (19 cases). Chest X-ray: cardiomegaly (9 cases). Echocardiography: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), especially septal (25 cases, 71%); LV diastolic dysfunction (19-35) and normal systolic function; pulmonary hypertension (3), other congenital heart diseases (8 cases). The control revealed the alleviation of the LV walls size and LV diastolic function. The high incidence of the cardiac manifestations in IDM and the risk of occurrence of some severe problems, require a complete cardiological exam from the first few days of life and a follow-up schedule until the normalization of the cardiac parameters.
[Sports and diabetes].; Diabetes and sports are not incompatible. Type-1 diabetic persons must learn how to adapt their insulin dosage and carbohydrate intake, in order to avoid hypoglycaemic attacks. In type-2 diabetic persons, an exercise program can contribute to decrease the cardiovascular risk and improve glycaemic control. A thorough check-up, oriented towards specific complications and exclusion of coronary heart disease, is imperative in any diabetic persons involved in an exercise program. Patient associations provide useful informations and offer programs where the patient can learn how to cope with his disease when exercising.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors, and estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion in pregnant and non-pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Overweight and obesity during pregnancy raise the risk of gestational diabetes and birth complications. Lifestyle factors like physical activity may decrease these risks through beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis. Here we examined physical activity patterns and their relationships with measures of glucose homeostasis in late pregnancy compared to non-pregnant women. METHODS: Normal weight and overweight women without diabetes (N = 108; aged 25-35 years) were studied; 35 were pregnant (in gestational weeks 28-32) and 73 were non-pregnant.Insulin sensitivity and β-cell response were estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured during 10-days of free-living using a combined heart rate sensor and accelerometer. Total (TEE), resting (REE), and physical activity (PAEE) energy expenditure were measured using doubly-labeled water and expired gas indirect calorimetry. RESULTS: Total activity was associated with reduced first-phase insulin response in both pregnant (Regression r2 = 0.11; Spearman r = -0.47; p = 0.007) and non-pregnant women (Regression r2 = 0.11 Spearman; r = -0.36; p = 0.002). Relative to non-pregnant women, pregnant women were estimated to have secreted 67% more insulin and had 10% lower fasting glucose than non-pregnant women. Pregnant women spent 13% more time sedentary, 71% less time in moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity, had 44% lower objectively measured total activity, and 12% lower PAEE than non-pregnant women. Correlations did not differ significantly for any comparison between physical activity subcomponents and measures of insulin sensitivity or secretion. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that physical activity conveys similar benefits on glucose homeostasis in pregnant and non-pregnant women, despite differences in subcomponents of physical activity.
Pregnancy complications and metabolic disease in women with clomiphene citrate-resistant anovulation randomized to receive laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or ovulation induction with gonadotropins: a 10-year follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: To assess long-term effects of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the incidence of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and metabolic or cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Long-term follow-up study. SETTING: Twenty-eight hospitals within the Netherlands. PATIENT(S): One hundred sixty-eight CC-resistant women who had participated in a randomized controlled trial between 1998 and 2001 comparing electrocautery and gonadotropins. INTERVENTION(S): Postal questionnaire, search in medical files. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pregnancy complications, metabolic or cardiovascular disease. RESULT(S): Eighty-two percent of follow-up data were obtained. Thirteen of 68 women (19%) allocated to electrocautery, and 14 of 63 women (22%) allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for pregnancy complications (relative risk 0.86; 95% confidence interval 0.43-1.7). At follow-up, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery, and 13 of 69 (19%) women allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for metabolic or cardiovascular disease (relative risk 0.90; 95% confidence interval 0.39-2.1). The risk of these was modified by body mass index (BMI), but not by female age or treatment allocation. This study is based on questionnaires and data from medical files. In the absence of routine screening, under-reporting in our follow-up study is likely. CONCLUSION(S): Electrocautery in women with CC-resistant PCOS does not affect pregnancy complications or metabolic or cardiovascular disease later in life compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins.
Fetal echocardiography in a low-income setting: relying on local Maternal-fetal medicine experts for detection of fetal cardiac anomalies.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the experience of performing fetal echocardiography (FE) to detect fetal cardiac anomalies prenatally in an Ethiopian setting. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted at St Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), from October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020. Data for FE cases (on a risk-factor indication basis) performed at 22-24 weeks at the hospital during the study period were collected prospectively and analyzed using SPSSS version 23. Simple descriptive statistics were used to analyze the data. Results were presented as percentages and frequencies. RESULTS: A total of 142 women who had FE were analyzed in this study. Fetal structural defect in other systems and maternal diabetes mellitus were the commonest indications for FE, seen in 48.2% (67/142) and 25.7% (36/142) of the participants, respectively. There were 5 cases (3.5%) of fetal cardiac anomalies among which were hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary stenosis, and cardiac tumor. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of fetal cardiac anomalies in this study was found to be 3.5%. Fetal structural defects and maternal diabetes mellitus were the commonest indications for FE which is consistent with findings from previous similar studies.
Importance of measuring non-HDL cholesterol in type 2 diabetes patients.; OBJECTIVE: To study the correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals. METHODS: The cross sectional study was conducted at the Diabetic Clinic, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi. Data of Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who attended the clinic bewteen 2007 and 2011 was reviewed. All Type 2 diabetic patients of either gender with fasting lipid profile irrespective of taking lipid lowering therapy were included.Type-1 DM, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes patients with pregnancy and those with incomplete data were excluded. Correlation between the low-density lipoprotein and Non-high-density lipoprotein was assessed by applying Cramer V and phi. Proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals was checked. Multivariable regression was done to identify common factors associated with elevated Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. RESULTS: A total of 1352 patients fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included in the study. Mean age of the patients was 54.5 +/- 11.3 years; 797 (59%) were males; 1122 (83%) had Body Mass Index above 25; and 1016 (75%) had HbA1c > or = 7%. Mean Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 129 +/- 42 mg/dl. Mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 100 +/- 37 mg/dl. Both low-density lipoprotein < or = 100 and Non-HDL < or = 130 mg/dl was achieved in 645 (48%) patients. It is important to note that although 728 (53.8%) patients achieved target LDL cholesterol of < or = 100 mg/dl, among them 83 (11.4%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol still above the target > 130 mg/dl (p < 0.05). Out of 752 patients with Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol < or = 130 mg/dl, 645 (86%) had low-density lipoprotein cholesterol below 100 mg/dl. Cramer V and Phi showed that correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 0.71 (p value < 0.01). After adjusting for other covariates, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 100 mg/dl was independently associated with having Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 38.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 28.1-53.1). Similarly, age < or = 60 years was 60% more likely to have Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 1.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.01 - 2.3). Whereas having obesity Body Mass Index > 25 was 3.6 times more associated to have Non-high-density lipoprotein > 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 3.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.6-7.7). In patients with coronary artery disease, combined goal achievement of low-density lipoprotein < or = 70 mg/dl and Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol < or = 100 mg/dl was seen in 59 (35%). Among patients with high-density lipoprotein < or = 70 mg/dl, 8 (10%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein > 100 mg/dl (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The study showed a correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. As measuring Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in Type 2 DM patients is simple, cost-effective and convenient because it does not require 12-hour fasting which may be a risk for hypoglycaemia in these patients, clinicians may choose Non-high-density lipoprotein as a routine measure in everyday practice.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction in insulin-resistant women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (p-GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) later in life, and therefore at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three months after delivery we investigated the plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), fibrinogen and von Willebrand factor (vWF) in 74 women with p-GDM and 20 healthy females with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy, as well as the relation of fibrinolytic parameters to insulin resistance and glycaemic control. All women underwent an oral (OGTT) as well as an intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Mathematical model analysis disclosed that 50% (n=37 each) of the p-GDM subjects had normal (NIS) or impaired (IIS) insulin sensitivity. Parameters of interest were determined using commercially available test systems. RESULTS: Women with p-GDM and IIS had significantly increased body fat mass (BFM) (P<or=0.001) compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and controls, whereas the waist to hip ratio (WHR) was similar in both p-GDM groups but was higher compared with the controls (P<or=0.001). Mean PAI-1 and t-PA as well as fasting and stimulated plasma concentrations of proinsulin, C-peptide and insulin were elevated, whereas the disposition index was lower in women with p-GDM and IIS compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and the controls (P<0.001). Plasma levels of fibrinogen and vWF did not differ between the groups. Obese women with IIS had higher PAI-1 levels than lean women with IIS (P<or=0.001). PAI-1 inversely correlated with the insulin sensitivity index (SI) but only in women with IIS (P<0.0001). On regression analysis, only fasting proinsulin and WHR remained significant independent predictors of PAI-1 elevation in IIS (P<or=0.0001 and P<or=0.001). The PAI-1/SI ratio was elevated in women with IIS independently of their glucose tolerance status (P<0.001 vs. NIS and controls). CONCLUSIONS: Plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 is elevated in p-GDM women with IIS and depends on plasma proinsulin and abdominal obesity. An increase of the PAI-1/SI ratio further characterizes obese insulin-resistant p-GDM women who may be at risk for diabetes and angiopathy.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: A population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy. It is associated with hepatobiliary diseases that might predispose to cancer and also with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In this study, we examined associations between ICP and cancer, and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: By linking the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP and 113,893 matched women without ICP who gave birth between 1973 and 2009. Diagnoses of cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases both before and after delivery were obtained from the Patient Register. The main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs), calculated through Cox regression, for the indicated diseases after delivery. RESULTS: ICP was not associated with later overall cancer (HR 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94-1.21), but it was associated with later liver and biliary tree cancer (HR 3.61, 95% CI 1.68-7.77, and 2.62, 95% CI 1.26-5.46, respectively). ICP was also associated with later immune-mediated diseases (HR 1.28, 95% CI 1.19-1.38), and specifically diabetes mellitus (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.72), thyroid disease (HR 1.30, 95% CI 1.14-1.47), psoriasis (HR 1.27, 95% CI 1.07-1.51), inflammatory polyarthropathies (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11-1.58) and Crohn's disease (HR 1.55, 95% CI 1.14-2.10), but not ulcerative colitis (HR 1.21, 95% CI 0.93-1.58). Women with ICP also had a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease (HR 1.12, 95% CI 1.06-1.19). CONCLUSIONS: Women with ICP have increased risk of later hepatobiliary cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and multiple gestation with natural menopause: A population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and early menopause are each associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD); whether APOs are associated with age at menopause is unclear. We examined the association of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm birth, and multiple gestation with age at natural menopause. STUDY DESIGN: Observational, prospective study within the Nurses' Health Study II cohort (1989-2019). MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Risk of early natural menopause, defined as occurring before the age of 45 years, and age at onset of natural menopause (hazard ratio (HR) >1 indicates younger age at menopause). RESULTS: The mean [SD] baseline age of 69,880 parous participants was 34.5 [4.7] years. Compared with participants who had a term singleton first birth, those with a term multiple-gestation first birth had higher risk of early menopause (HR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.05, 2.60) and younger age at natural menopause (HR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.31, 1.63). Estimates for preterm multiple gestation were of similar magnitude. Menopause occurred at a younger age for those with a preterm birth with spontaneous labor (HR: 1.08, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.14) compared to those with a term birth with spontaneous labor. Conversely, estimates for GDM (HR: 0.95, 95% CI: 0.89, 1.02) and HDP (preeclampsia, HR: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.89, 0.97) suggested an association with older age at menopause. CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort study, several statistically significant associations between APOs and age at natural menopause were observed. A deeper understanding of the relationships among APOs, menopause, and CVD is needed to help identify people at higher risk for early menopause and later CVD.
Dyslipemias and pregnancy, an update.; During pregnancy there is a physiological increase in total cholesterol (TC) and triglycerides (TG) plasma concentrations, due to increased insulin resistance, oestrogens, progesterone, and placental lactogen, although their reference values are not exactly known, TG levels can increase up to 300mg/dL, and TC can go as high as 350mg/dL. When the cholesterol concentration exceeds the 95(th) percentile (familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) and transient maternal hypercholesterolaemia), there is a predisposition to oxidative stress in foetal vessels, exposing the newborn to a greater fatty streaks formation and a higher risk of atherosclerosis. However, the current treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidaemia consists of a diet and suspension of lipid-lowering drugs. The most prevalent maternal hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is due to secondary causes, like diabetes, obesity, drugs, etc. The case of severe HTG due to genetic causes is less prevalent, and can be a higher risk of maternal-foetal complications, such as, acute pancreatitis (AP), pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, and gestational diabetes. Severe HTG-AP is a rare but potentially lethal pregnancy complication, for the mother and the foetus, usually occurs during the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, and there are no specific protocols for its diagnosis and treatment. In conclusion, it is crucial that dyslipidaemia during pregnancy must be carefully evaluated, not just because of the acute complications, but also because of the future cardiovascular morbidity and mortality of the newborn child. That is why the establishment of consensus protocols or guidelines is essential for its management.
Rationale, design and recruitment characteristics of a large, simple international trial of diabetes prevention: the DREAM trial.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Diabetes is a rapidly rising independent risk factor for atherosclerosis and serious illness. This risk can be reduced by lifestyle changes and/or various drugs. Novel therapies to prevent diabetes, as well as new risk factors for diabetes, atherosclerosis and obesity require testing and identification. METHODS: People with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance were randomised to ramipril (15 mg/day) or placebo and rosiglitazone (8 mg/day) or placebo with a 2x2 factorial design. They are assessed semi-annually for the primary outcome (diabetes or death). Diabetes is diagnosed if two consecutive plasma glucose levels exceed diagnostic thresholds (i.e. fasting >/=7.0 mmol/l or 2-h >/=11.1 mmol/l) within a 3-month period. Assuming an annual primary outcome incidence of 5%, there is more than 90% power to detect a 22% reduction. Approximately 20% of participants are having annual carotid ultrasounds to assess the effects on atherosclerosis. Patients screened but not randomised are being followed prospectively to identify determinants of obesity, diabetes and related disorders. RESULTS: A total of 24,872 individuals in 21 countries were screened over 2 years and are eligible for follow-up. Of these, 5269 were randomised: 1835 (35%) had isolated impaired glucose tolerance, 739 (14%) had isolated impaired fasting glucose, and 2692 (51%) had both disorders. Annual carotid ultrasounds are currently being performed in 1406 randomised individuals. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The DREAM trial and related studies will determine if ramipril or rosiglitazone reduces the number of cases of diabetes and atherosclerosis, and will identify novel risk factors for diabetes.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy with a severe maternal complication: a case report.; Cushing's syndrome (CS) in pregnancy may be confused with a complication of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes. We managed a case of CS in pregnancy that was considered to be severe pre-eclampsia due to uncontrolled hypertension. The fetus was delivered via emergency cesarean section at 31 weeks' gestation because of severe pre-eclampsia and pulmonary edema. The parturient was admitted to the intensive care unit for severe maternal complications, including pulmonary hemorrhage, acute renal failure, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and congestive heart failure. A spine magnetic resonance image and 99m-technetium whole-body scan obtained postpartum showed multiple thoracolumbar spine compression fractures (Deleted; t-2,5,8,10,11, and -12; and L-1,2,3,4, and -5), multiple rib fractures, and a left iliac bone fracture due to osteoporosis. As a result of diagnosing CS after delivery, an adrenal cortical adenoma of the right adrenal gland was demonstrated and a laparoscopic adrenalectomy was successfully performed.
Inpatient management of diabetes: survey in a tertiary care centre.; AIMS: Good glycaemic control in hospitalised patients with diabetes mellitus improves wellbeing and aids recovery. This survey aimed to: (1) assess glycaemic control in patients with diabetes admitted to hospital for reasons other than diabetes, (2) compare the glycaemic control in patients treated in medical and surgical units, and (3) see the impact of specialists' input on glycaemic control. METHODS: The first 150 patients admitted to hospital were identified; those with acute metabolic complications of diabetes mellitus, acute myocardial infarction, pregestational or gestational diabetes, and patients in different intensive care units were excluded. Case notes were reviewed with particular attention to glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring, complications, and the actions taken to improve glycaemic control. RESULTS: Four of the 150 patients died in hospital. When subcutaneous insulin was used glycaemic control was good in 48%, suboptimal in 15%, and poor in 37% of patients. The results were not significantly different with subcutaneous or intravenous insulin. There was also no difference in glycaemic control among medical and surgical patients. Patients managed by designated specialists had better control than those managed by physicians (p<0.001). Hypoglycaemia was documented in 20% and two patients developed non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma while in hospital. In a few cases treatment at discharge was not changed despite poor control while in hospital. CONCLUSION: More attention should be given to improving glycaemic control in patients hospitalised for reasons other than diabetes. Particular care should be taken to modify the dose of insulin needed to get good glycaemic control; control was better with specialists' input. A follow up survey will be conducted.
Maternal modifiable factors and risk of congenital heart defects: systematic review and causality assessment.; OBJECTIVE: Primary prevention strategies are critical to reduce the global burden of congenital heart defects (CHDs); this requires robust knowledge of causal agents. We aimed to review associations between CHDs and maternal advanced age, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption and assess the causal nature of the associations. DESIGN: Systematic review of reviews with application of a Bradford Hill criteria score-based causal assessment system. DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Embase and Episteminokos (January 1990-April 2023). ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Systematic reviews of original epidemiological studies reporting association (relative risk) between one or more of the above maternal factors and CHDs overall (any type) in subsequent offspring. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Two independent reviewers selected eligible reviews, assessed the risk of bias and assigned the strength of evidence for causality. RESULTS: There was strong evidence of a causal relationship between CHDs and maternal obesity (prepregnancy and early pregnancy) and pre-existing diabetes (six of seven Bradford Hill criteria met). For pre-existing hypertension (strength and biological gradient not met), and advanced age (strength, consistency and biological gradient not met), causal evidence was moderate. Evidence for the causal contribution of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption was weak (strength, consistency, temporality and biological gradient not met). CONCLUSIONS: CHDs can be reduced with stronger action to reduce maternal obesity and pre-existing diabetes prevalence. Investigating environmental exposures that have received limited attention, such as air pollutants and chemical exposures, is important to further inform prevention.
Parity and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To examine prospectively the association between parity and subsequent incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Most previous studies have not controlled for potential confounding by age and obesity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective cohort study, 113,606 United States registered nurses aged 30 to 55 years and free of diagnosed diabetes, coronary heart disease, stroke, and cancer at baseline were followed for 12 years. Endpoint was incidence of confirmed NIDDM. RESULTS: During 1,278,188 person-years of follow-up, we confirmed 2,310 incident cases of NIDDM. An apparent association between parity and diabetes was observed in unadjusted analyses (relative risk = 1.56 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.27 to 1.91] among women with six or more births compared with that in nulliparous women) (p, trend less than 0.00001). This association was attenuated after adjustment for age (relative risk = 1.19 [CI 0.97 to 1.48], p, trend = 0.06) and was completely abolished after adjustment for both age and body mass index (relative risk = 0.95 [CI 0.75 to 1.19], p, trend = 0.19). Multivariate adjustment for family history of diabetes, age at first birth, hormone use, and other variables did not materially alter these findings. There was no important modifying effect of family history of diabetes on these associations. CONCLUSIONS: Despite a temporary diabetogenic effect of pregnancy, parity is not associated with an increased risk of subsequent clinical NIDDM. These data underscore the importance of control for confounding by age and obesity in evaluating these associations.
[Hypertensive pregnancy in diabetes--risk factors and influence on future life].; Pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension are potentially dangerous entities causing maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Interestingly, the risk factors for these two conditions differ and it is thought that they also differ in their pathophysiological background. Notably, women with diabetes have an increased risk for de novo hypertension during pregnancy compared to non-diabetic subjects. However, among diabetic patients poor glycaemic control has been shown to increase the risk for pre-eclampsia. Furthermore, women with a history of pre-eclampsia suffer more often from cardiovascular disease later in life. New data regarding long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications have been published that may be of clinical relevance in the prevention of these complications.
Is It Diabetes or Just Macrosomia? Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Large-for-Gestational Age Fetuses.; Our aim in this study was to investigate whether there is an association between large-for-gestational age (LGA) fetuses and myocardial performance index (MPI). This is a cross-sectional study conducted from July 2022 to July 2023. Prospectively gathered data from 65 LGA cases and 65 age and gestational-age (GA)-matched controls were analyzed. Presence of polyhydramnios and diabetes were recorded in the study group. Fetal left ventricular mod-MPI, peak systolic velocity (PSV) of E and A waves, umbilical and middle cerebral artery (MCA) pulsatility indexes (PI) were sonographically measured. Association between these sonographic measures and LGA fetuses were sought. The LGA group had 33 diabetic cases (22 GDM and 11 PGDM). The LGA group had greater mod-MPI (0.51 vs. 0.45, p = 0.0048). The LGA group also had prolonged isovolumetric contraction time (ICT), compared to controls (37 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.008). ICT was longer in LGA fetuses with non-diabetic mothers (38 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.009). LGA fetuses with polyhydramnios but without diabetic mothers had also longer ICT (39 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.002). Mod-MPI was similar in controls and LGA without diabetes/LGA with polyhydramnios but without diabetes subgroups. Our results indicate that fetal mod-MPI values are higher in LGA fetuses and ICT is prolonged among LGA fetuses irrespective of presence of maternal diabetes.
Gestational Weight Gain Particularly Affects the Risk of Large for Gestational Age Infants in Non-obese Mothers.; Introduction The birth of a large for gestational age (LGA) infant is a significant risk factor for birth complications and maternal morbidity and an even higher risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in later life. Relevant factors affecting the risk of delivering an LGA infant are maternal pre-gravid obesity, excessive gestational weight gain exceeding the recommendations of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) and diabetes in pregnancy. We aimed to determine what matters most in terms of the risk of fetal overgrowth. Materials and Methods We performed a database analysis of 12 701 singleton term deliveries documented in our university hospital birth registry from 2003 to 2014. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the adjusted odds ratios. Results Excessive weight gain had the strongest impact on LGA (OR: 1.249 [95% CI: 1.018 - 1.533]) compared to maternal pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) (OR: 1.083 [95% CI: 1.066 - 1.099]) and diabetes (OR: 1.315 [95% CI: 0.997 - 1.734]). Keeping gestational weight gain within the recommendations of the IOM resulted in a risk reduction for LGA of 20% (OR: 0.801 [95% CI: 0.652 - 0.982]). The risk for LGA increases by 6.9% with each kg weight gain. Normal weight women (BMI 18.5 - 24.9 kg/m (2) ) and moderately overweight women (BMI 25 - 29.9 kg/m (2) ) showed the highest increase in LGA rates per kg weight gain during pregnancy (OR: 1.078 [95% CI: 1.052 - 1.104] and OR: 1.058 [95% CI: 1.026 - 1.09], resp.). Only in underweight (< 18.5 kg/m (2) ) and normal weight women the risk of LGA birth is strongly influenced by diabetes (OR 11.818 [95% CI: 1.156-120.782] and 1.564 [95% CI: 1.013-2.415]). Conclusion Excessive weight gain is particularly important for non-obese women. These women are therefore a target cohort for intervention, as each prevented additional kilogram weight gain reduces the risk of LGA by more than 5%.
Lactation and Maternal Cardio-Metabolic Health.; Researchers hypothesize that pregnancy and lactation are part of a continuum, with lactation meant to "reset" the adverse metabolic profile that develops as a part of normal pregnancy, and that when lactation does not occur, women maintain an elevated risk of cardio-metabolic diseases. Several large prospective and retrospective studies, mostly from the United States and other industrialized countries, have examined the associations between lactation and cardio-metabolic outcomes. Less evidence exists regarding an association of lactation with maternal postpartum weight status and dyslipidemia, whereas more evidence exists for an association with diabetes, hypertension, and subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease.
Maternal Tdap vaccination: Coverage and acute safety outcomes in the vaccine safety datalink, 2007-2013.; INTRODUCTION: Since October 2012, the combined tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, acellular pertussis vaccine (Tdap) has been recommended in the United States during every pregnancy. METHODS: In this observational study from the Vaccine Safety Datalink, we describe receipt of Tdap during pregnancy among insured women with live births across seven health systems. Using a retrospective matched cohort, we evaluated risks for selected medically attended adverse events in pregnant women, occurring within 42 days of vaccination. Using a generalized estimating equation, we calculated adjusted incident rate ratios (AIRR). RESULTS: Our vaccine coverage cohort included 438,487 live births between January 1, 2007 and November 15, 2013. Across the coverage cohort, 14% received Tdap during pregnancy. By 2013, Tdap was administered during pregnancy in 41.7% of live births, primarily in the 3rd trimester. Our vaccine safety cohort included 53,885 vaccinated and 109,253 matched unvaccinated pregnant women. There was no increased risk for a composite outcome of medically attended acute adverse events within 3 days of vaccination. Similarly, across the safety cohort, over a 42 day window, incident neurologic events, thrombotic events, and new onset proteinuria did not differ by maternal receipt of Tdap. Among women receiving Tdap at 20 weeks gestation or later, as compared to their matched controls, there was no increased risk for gestational diabetes or cardiac events while venous thromboembolic events and thrombocytopenia were diagnosed within 42 days of vaccination at slightly decreased rates. CONCLUSION: Tdap coverage during pregnancy increased from 2007 through 2013, but was still below 50%. No acute maternal safety signals were detected in this large cohort.
Fetal cardiac remodeling in twin pregnancy conceived by assisted reproductive technology.; OBJECTIVE: Recent data suggest that singleton fetuses conceived by assisted reproductive technology (ART) present cardiovascular remodeling that may persist postnatally. Twin pregnancies are more frequent in the ART population and are associated with increased adverse perinatal outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and preterm birth. However, it is unknown whether cardiac remodeling is also present in twin pregnancies conceived by ART. Our aim was to assess the presence of fetal cardiac remodeling and dysfunction in twin pregnancies conceived by ART as compared with those conceived spontaneously (SC). METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study including 50 dichorionic twin fetuses conceived by ART and 50 SC twin fetuses. The study protocol included collection of baseline/perinatal data and a fetal ultrasound examination at 28-30 weeks' gestation, including assessment of estimated fetal weight, fetoplacental Doppler and fetal echocardiography. Measurements of atrial area, atrial/heart ratio, ventricular sphericity index, free wall thickness, mitral and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursions, and systolic and early diastolic peak velocities were assessed. Multilevel analyses were used to compare perinatal and ultrasonographic parameters. Comparisons of echocardiographic variables were adjusted for parental age, paternal body mass index and incidence of pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Compared with SC twins, ART twin fetuses showed significant cardiac changes, predominantly affecting the right heart, such as dilated atria (right atrial/heart area: 15.7 ± 3.1 vs 18.4 ± 3.2, P < 0.001), more globular ventricles (right ventricular sphericity index: 1.57 ± 0.25 vs 1.41 ± 0.23, P = 0.001) and thicker myocardial walls (septal wall thickness: 2.57 ± 0.45 mm vs 2.84 ± 0.41 mm, P = 0.034) together with reduced longitudinal motion (tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion: 6.36 ± 0.89 mm vs 5.18 ± 0.93 mm, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: ART twin fetuses present signs of cardiac remodeling and dysfunction. These changes are similar to those observed in ART singletons and reinforce the concept of fetal cardiac programing in ART. These results open opportunities for early detection and intervention in infants conceived by ART. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period as an Opportunity for Cardiovascular Risk Identification and Management.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Because women generally present with more atypical symptoms of CVD than do men and because underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford us that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a neonate with fetal growth restriction, and significant placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Women with one or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and referred for regular follow-up. This would ideally take the form of a multidisciplinary clinic including clinicians and allied health specialists to carry out physical and biochemical screening and counseling regarding lifestyle modification and possible therapeutic interventions. Longer-term follow-up and recommendations should be individualized based on findings and risks. There is also an opportunity for future pregnancy counseling and discussion about the importance of weight loss between pregnancies, initiation of a routine involving physical activity, use of preconception folic acid, and the potential initiation of low-dose aspirin for those women at risk for future preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction or the use of progesterone for women at risk for preterm labor. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords us with the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Ten-Year Review of the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic at the Kingston Health Sciences Centre.; OBJECTIVES: The postpartum Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) sees patients who have experienced pregnancy complications identified as pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, idiopathic preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction) at 6 months postpartum for CVD risk screening. This project aimed to summarise the past 10 years of the MHC and identify trends in patient characteristics, patient CVD risk assessments, and clinic attendance over time. METHODS: Patients included in this study have experienced 1 or more pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator(s) and have delivered between April 2011 and April 2021. MHC patient data and the Better Outcomes Registry Network database were utilised to compare eligible and participating patient data during clinically significant time periods. RESULTS: The clinic has seen 1030 patients in the last 10 years and their characteristics have remained largely consistent. However, there has been an increase in the proportion of patients seen because of a hypertensive disorder and an increase in the proportion of patients with obesity, abnormal total cholesterol, and elevated fasting glucose. Additionally, CVD risk scores and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome have remained consistent over the years. Regarding the clinic's outreach, patient eligibility for the MHC has been increasing while attendance has been decreasing over time. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, there remains a need to screen these patients for CVD risk and counsel them on risk reduction. There is also an opportunity to increase patient recruitment to improve attendance and to address the increased need for CVD risk screening and counselling in the community.
Perinatal Health of Women with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Comorbid Mental Illness.; OBJECTIVE: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have high rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the perinatal health of women with co-occurring IDD and mental illness (dual diagnosis) is largely unknown. Our objectives were to 1) describe a cohort of women with dual diagnosis in terms of their social and health characteristics and 2) compare their risks for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes to those of women with IDD only. METHOD: We conducted a population-based study using linked Ontario (Canada) health and social services administrative data to identify singleton obstetric deliveries to women with dual diagnosis (n = 2080) and women with IDD only (n = 1852; 2002-2012). Primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. We also examined several secondary outcomes. RESULTS: Women with dual diagnosis were more likely than women with IDD only to live in poor neighborhoods and to have prepregnancy health conditions; however, they had more frequent prenatal care. Infants born to women with dual diagnosis had increased risks for preterm birth (adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08 to 1.59) and neonatal morbidity (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.76) compared with infants born to women with IDD only. All other primary and secondary outcomes were nonsignificant. CONCLUSIONS: Comorbid mental illness contributes little additional risk for adverse perinatal outcomes among women with IDD. Women with dual diagnosis and women with IDD alone require increased surveillance for maternal and neonatal complications.
Sex-specific programming of hypertension in offspring of late-gestation diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: The intrauterine environment strongly influences adult disease susceptibility. We used a rat model of third-trimester maternal diabetes to test the hypothesis that adult offspring exposed to hyperglycemia in utero display increased blood pressure and alterations in vascular responsiveness. METHODS: Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin injection to pregnant rats on gestation day 13 (term 21 d) and partially controlled with insulin injections. Hemodynamic function was evaluated in 6-12-mo-old offspring. RESULTS: Male but not female offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM) had significantly increased blood pressure as compared with controls; heart rate (HR) was similar. For both sexes, HR baroreflex responses were similar as were in vivo hemodynamic responses to angiotensin II, nitric oxide synthase inhibition, and ganglionic blockade. Aortic contractility to angiotensin II was similar in the two groups. Nitric oxide synthase inhibition and the Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase inhibitor diethyldithiocarbamate, but not the superoxide dismutase-mimetic Tempol, significantly increased contractile responses to angiotensin II in controls but not ODM. Reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate-stimulated superoxide production was greater in male ODM than in controls (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Exposure to hyperglycemia in utero results in sex-specific cardiovascular changes in adult offspring. Impaired nitric oxide-reactive oxygen species signaling may play a significant role in the hemodynamic phenotype of ODM.
Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Postpartum Multi-Systemic Dysregulation: Adding Vitamin D Deficiency to the Allostatic Load Index.; Background Allostatic load (AL) is an index of multi-system physiological "wear-and-tear," operationalizing emergent chronic disease risk and predicting morbidity and mortality. AL has been proposed as an organizing framework for studying pregnancy outcomes and additional AL biomarkers for the study of maternal health would be valuable. Objectives To test whether adverse perinatal outcomes are associated with postpartum AL and if including vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 20 ng/ml) as an additional marker of postpartum AL increases the association. Methods The Community Child Health Network is a community-based participatory research network that enrolled women at birth and followed them for 2 years measuring ten biomarkers (body mass index, waist: hip ratio, pulse, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, cortisol slope, c-reactive protein, hgbA1c, HDL, and total cholesterol) at 6 and 12 months postpartum. A composite of four adverse perinatal outcomes (low birth weight, preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) was collected from medical charts in a sample of 164 women from one site and serum 25(OH)D status was measured 24-39 weeks postpartum in this cohort. Results Twenty-nine percent experienced one or more of the four adverse perinatal outcomes. Serum 25(OH)D was significantly inversely correlated with the AL index (Spearman's r = -0.247, p = 0.002). Logistic regression results adjusting for maternal age and race showed that adverse outcome was significantly associated with higher postpartum AL (OR 1.53 for a 1-unit increase in AL, 95% CI 1.24-1.89). Adding 25(OH)D deficiency as an 11th component to the AL index improved the model fit (Delta (-2LogL) = 3.955, p = 0.047), and improved the Akaike information criterion (180.32 vs. 184.27). Conclusion Women with adverse perinatal outcomes have higher postpartum AL and adding vitamin D deficiency to the AL index strengthens this association.
The current status and future of cardiac stem/progenitor cell therapy for congenital heart defects from diabetic pregnancy.; Pregestational maternal diabetes induces congenital heart defects (CHDs). Cardiac dysfunction after palliative surgical procedures contributes to the high mortality of CHD patients. Autologous or allogeneic stem cell therapies are effective for improving cardiac function in animal models and clinical trials. c-kit(+) cardiac progenitor cells (CPCs), the most recognized CPCs, have the following basic properties of stem cells: self-renewal, multicellular clone formation, and differentiation into multiple cardiac lineages. However, there is ongoing debate regarding whether c-kit(+) CPCs can give rise to sufficient cardiomyocytes. A new hypothesis to address the beneficial effect of c-kit(+) CPCs is that these cells stimulate endogenous cardiac cells through a paracrine function in producing a robust secretome and exosomes. The values of other cardiac CPCs, including Sca1(+) CPCs and cardiosphere-derived cells, are beginning to be revealed. These cells may be better choices than c-kit(+) CPCs for generating cardiomyocytes. Adult mesenchymal stem cells are considered immune-incompetent and effective for improving cardiac function. Autologous CPC therapy may be limited by the observation that maternal diabetes adversely affects the biological function of embryonic stem cells and CPCs. Future studies should focus on determining the mechanistic action of these cells, identifying new CPC markers, selecting highly effective CPCs, and engineering cell-free products.
Could the E/A ratio be included in the cardiological evaluation of the offspring of diabetic mothers? A case-control study in South Sardinia.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease widespread in the world. Sardinia represents, together with Finland, the region with the highest incidence of type 1 DM (DM1), as well as a high prevalence of gestational DM (GDM).Despite the improvement in obstetric surveillance, perinatal and long-term adverse outcomes are still frequent in the offspring of diabetic mothers.During gestations complicated by DM, fetal heart is one of the most affected organ potentially undergoing structural heart defects or several degrees of fetal myocardium hypertrophy and impaired cardiac function. AIM: The aim of our study was to evaluate, through echocardiographic examination, cardiac features and performance in a South Sardinian population of newborns of diabetic mothers comparing them to a group of control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: In our sample, the E/A ratio resulted a significant marker of early diastolic dysfunction in asymptomatic neonates born by diabetic mothers, even if such result should be confirmed on larger samples.
Longitudinal Management of Cardiovascular Risk Factors Among Postpartum Women.; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) conditions, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM), are associated with increased long-term CV risk. Methods: This retrospective cohort study defined the prevalence of HDP and GDM within a large, academic health system in the southeast United States between 2012 and 2015 and described health care utilization and routine CV screening up to 1-year following delivery among those with pregnancy-related CV conditions. Rates of follow-up visits and blood pressure, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and lipid screening in the first postpartum year were compared by provider type and pregnancy-related CV condition. Results: Of the 6027 deliveries included, 20% were complicated by HDP and/or GDM. Rates of pre-pregnancy CV risk factors were high, with a significantly higher proportion of pre-pregnancy obesity among women with HDP than in normal pregnancies. Those with both HDP/GDM had the highest rates of follow-up by 1-year postpartum, yet only half of those with any pregnancy-related CV condition had any follow-up visit after 12 weeks. Although most (70%) of those with HDP had postpartum blood pressure screening, less than one-third of those with GDM had a repeat HbA1c by 12 months. Overall, postpartum lipid screening was rare (<20%). Conclusion: There is a high burden of pregnancy-related CV conditions in a large U.S. academic health system. Although overall rates of follow-up in the early postpartum period were high, gaps in longitudinal follow-up exist. Low rates of CV risk factor follow-up at 1 year indicate a missed opportunity for early CV prevention.
A study of postpartum depression and maternal risk factors in Qatar.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between maternal complications and postpartum depression (PPD) among postpartum women in Qatar by using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) as well as a structured questionnaire. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study of PPD of 1379 postpartum women within 6 months of delivery attending the primary healthcare centers of the State of Qatar. RESULTS: The prevalence of PPD was 17.6% in the studied mothers. The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that the risk factors for PPD included various socio-demographic risk factors such as education, occupation, consanguinity and access to transportation. Amongst the maternal factors studied, history of unplanned pregnancy and infertility and other medical complications such as gestational diabetes, heart disease, threatened abortion and cesarean section were found to be risk factors for PPD. Amongst the postpartum women with maternal complications, items related to feeling scared and panicky and feeling sad and miserable were the most frequently reported symptoms of depression. These women were also more likely to be experiencing sleep difficulty (p = 0.029) compared to women without maternal complications. CONCLUSION: While socio-demographic risk factors are well studied in the PPD literature, there is much less information on the impact of maternal complications on the psychological status of postpartum women. Postpartum women, especially those with maternal complications, need close screening and have quick access to mental healthcare within integrated reproductive health services.
'Healthy living' and sulphonylurea therapy have different effects on glucose tolerance and risk factors for vascular disease in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance.; This study was undertaken to determine whether impaired glucose tolerance and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease can be improved with 'healthy living' by diet and exercise or with sulphonylurea therapy. Patients were recruited by screening subjects with either a family history of type II diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, or a previously raised plasma glucose (5.6-6.6 mmol/l). Impaired glucose tolerance was defined as hyperglycaemia on two separate tests, an achieved glucose level after a glucose infusion test above the 90th percentile of an age-matched normal population (> 9.3 mmol/l) or a fasting plasma glucose above the 95th percentile (> 5.6 mmol/l). Thirty-seven subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were entered into a randomized, prospective study for 6 months with allocations to healthy living or double blind to sulphonylurea (gliclazide 40 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets. The study took place in an out-patient setting, with three times weekly exercise sessions at a Sports Centre. After 6 months the placebo group showed no change in plasma glucose, cholesterol and blood pressure. The subjects receiving gliclazide showed improved glucose levels (mean fasting plasma glucose levels fell from 5.8 to 5.1 mmol/l, p < 0.05) but no significant change in plasma cholesterol or blood pressure. The healthy living group, after exclusion of four non-compliant subjects, showed no change in glucose levels, but a decreased systolic blood pressure (fall in mean from 124 to 116 mmHg, p < 0.05) and plasma cholesterol levels (fall in mean from 5.2 to 4.5 mmol/l, p < 0.01). with an increase in HDL:LDL ratio (rise in mean from 0.39 to 0.46, p < 0.05). Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance may benefit in different ways from gliclazide and healthy living. The metabolic responses to each therapy may help to decrease the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
A randomized comparative trial of the efficacy and safety of exercise during pregnancy: design and methods.; Use of an exercise intervention for high-risk and vulnerable populations, such as pregnant women at risk for gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, requires special consideration. A comparative trial testing the effects of two types of physical exercises - stretching (a comparator) and walking (a testing intervention) - for sedentary pregnant women at risk for preeclampsia - is presented in this paper. The study was designed to reduce post-randomization bias and dropout rates from both groups, and closely to monitor safety of subjects. The strengths of the study design and methods include use of a run-in phase; use of a stretching exercise as a comparator; multiple ways to measure daily physical activities and the exercise intervention; and tailored support to remove barriers to exercise for subjects. The intervention consists of 40 min of walking at moderate intensity (i.e., 55-69% of maximum heart rate and rating of perceived exhaustion 12-13) five times a week from 18 weeks gestation until birth. The comparator exercise consists of 40 min of stretching exercise without increasing heart rate to more than 10% of resting heart rate, five times a week from 18 weeks gestation until birth. The primary outcome is the incidence of preeclampsia. Secondary outcomes include the physiologic effects of the intervention and birth outcomes.
Pregnancy and Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women.; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an additional burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. The menopause transition additionally represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (eg, premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate hormonal effects and unique sex-specific disease mechanisms. A history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women.
The influence of maternal and infant nutrition on cardiometabolic traits: novel findings and future research directions from four Canadian birth cohort studies.; A mother's nutritional choices while pregnant may have a great influence on her baby's development in the womb and during infancy. There is evidence that what a mother eats during pregnancy interacts with her genes to affect her child's susceptibility to poor health outcomes including childhood obesity, pre-diabetes, allergy and asthma. Furthermore, after what an infant eats can change his or her intestinal bacteria, which can further influence the development of these poor outcomes. In the present paper, we review the importance of birth cohorts, the formation and early findings from a multi-ethnic birth cohort alliance in Canada and summarise our future research directions for this birth cohort alliance. We summarise a method for harmonising collection and analysis of self-reported dietary data across multiple cohorts and provide examples of how this birth cohort alliance has contributed to our understanding of gestational diabetes risk; ethnic and diet-influences differences in the healthy infant microbiome; and the interplay between diet, ethnicity and birth weight. Ongoing work in this birth cohort alliance will focus on the use of metabolomic profiling to measure dietary intake, discovery of unique diet-gene and diet-epigenome interactions, and qualitative interviews with families of children at risk of metabolic syndrome. Our findings to-date and future areas of research will advance the evidence base that informs dietary guidelines in pregnancy, infancy and childhood, and will be relevant to diverse and high-risk populations of Canada and other high-income countries.
Plasma fibrinogen concentration in a Chinese population.; Plasma fibrinogen concentration has been shown to be a predictor of major cardiovascular events. Information on plasma fibrinogen amongst Chinese has been scanty. We examined the relationships between plasma fibrinogen concentration and cardiovascular risk factors in 988 chinese subjects who underwent 75 g oral glucose tolerance test for screening for glucose intolerance. The study involved a selected sample with subjects who had an history of gestational diabetes, delivery of big babies (birth weight > or = 4 kg), equivocal plasma glucose concentrations and subjects who were family members of diabetic patients. This was mainly a non-smoking (96.6%), non-drinking (98%) and non-exercising (99%) population of which 87% (n = 855) were female. Among the 988 subjects (age +/- S.D. 36.8 +/- 10.2, range 16-79 years), plasma fibrinogen concentration ranged from 1.40 to 9.90 g/l with a mean of 3.26 +/- 0.93 g/l. On stratification of the subjects into 4 quartiles based on plasma fibrinogen concentrations, we found that increased plasma fibrinogen was associated with older age, higher body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP), fasting and 2 h plasma glucose (PG), prevalence of diabetes, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and triglyceride (TG) level. After adjustment for age and sex, increased plasma fibrinogen concentration remained associated with higher BMI, systolic BP, 2 h PG and TG level. On multivariate analysis using age, BMI, BP, TG, HbA1c and PG as independent variables, plasma fibrinogen was independently related to plasma TG concentration and HbA1c. With 1 S.D. change in TG concentration and HbA1c, there were 3.7 and 5.2% changes in plasma fibrinogen concentration respectively. These findings emphasize the close relationships between plasma fibrinogen and cardiovascular risk factors, in particular abnormal lipid and glucose metabolism.
Metformin beyond type 2 diabetes: Emerging and potential new indications.; Metformin is best known as a foundational therapy for type 2 diabetes but is also used in other contexts in clinical medicine with a number of emerging and potential indications. Many of its beneficial effects may be mediated by modest effects on weight loss and insulin sensitivity, but it has multiple other known mechanisms of action. Current clinical uses beyond type 2 diabetes include: polycystic ovarian syndrome; diabetes in pregnancy/gestational diabetes; prevention of type 2 diabetes in prediabetes; and adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. As metformin has been in clinical use for almost 70 years, much of the underpinning evidence for its use in these conditions is, by definition, based on trials conducted before the advent of contemporary evidence-based medicine. As a result, some of the above-established uses are 'off-label' in many regulatory territories and their use varies accordingly in different countries. Going forward, several current 'repurposing' investigational uses of metformin are also being investigated: prevention of cancer (including in Li Fraumeni syndrome), renal protection, Alzheimer's disease, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease and promotion of healthy ageing. Despite the longevity of metformin and its important current roles beyond type 2 diabetes in clinical medicine, it has further potential and much research is ongoing.
Two risk-scoring systems for predicting incident diabetes mellitus in U.S. adults age 45 to 64 years.; BACKGROUND: Simple prediction scores could help identify adults at high risk for diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To derive and validate scoring systems by using longitudinal data from a study that repeatedly tested for incident diabetes. DESIGN: Prospective cohort, divided into derivation and validation samples. SETTING: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study, which followed participants for 14.9 years beginning in 1987 to 1989. PARTICIPANTS: 12 729 U.S. adults (baseline age, 45 to 64 years; 22.8% black). Follow-up was 96.1% at 5 years and 72.2% at 10 years. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometry, blood pressure, and pulse (basic system) plus a fasting blood specimen assayed for common analytes (enhanced system). Diabetes was identified in 18.9% of participants. Risk score integer points were derived from proportional hazard coefficients associated with baseline categorical variables and quintiles of continuous variables. RESULTS: The basic scoring system included waist circumference (10 to 35 points); maternal diabetes (13 points); hypertension (11 points); and paternal diabetes, short stature, black race, age 55 years or older, increased weight, rapid pulse, and smoking history (< or =8 points each). The enhanced system included glucose (6 to 28 points); waist circumference (5 to 21 points); maternal diabetes (8 points); and triglycerides, black race, paternal diabetes, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration, short stature, high uric acid, age 55 years or older, hypertension, rapid pulse, and nonuse of alcohol (< or =7 points each). When applied to the validation sample, ascending quintiles of the basic system were associated with a 10-year incidence of diabetes of 5.3%, 8.7%, 15.5%, 24.5%, and 33.0%, respectively. Quintiles of the enhanced system were associated with a 10-year incidence of 3.5%, 6.4%, 11.5%, 19.3%, and 46.1%. LIMITATIONS: The risk scoring systems had no question regarding previous gestational diabetes, and knowledge of parental diabetes may be uncertain. The analyzed cohort was restricted by age and race; the systems may be less effective in other samples. CONCLUSION: Basic information identified adults at high risk for diabetes. Additional data from fasting blood tests better identified those at extreme risk.
Cohort profile update: the Norwegian STORK Groruddalen (STORK G) pregnancy and birth cohort-the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues.; PURPOSE: The STORK Groruddalen cohort was set up in 2008 to explore ethnic differences in: (1) maternal health, primarily gestational diabetes (GDM) and related health issues during pregnancy and post partum, and effects of exposures on risk for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues, and (2) offspring's growth and body composition, overweight/obesity and effects of early life exposures. PARTICIPANTS: 823 women (74% of invited) were followed from gestational week (GW) 15. Data were collected from 618 fathers. In total, 59% of women and 53% of fathers had origin from non-Western countries. Maternal mean age was 29.9 years (SD 4.9), and body mass index (BMI) 25.3 kg/m(2) (4.9). Data were obtained from 772 women (94%) at GW 28, and 662 women (80%) 14 weeks post partum. Eleven years post partum, 385 women (53% of eligible/47% of original cohort) attended, age was 42.0 years (4.8) and BMI 27.1 kg/m(2) (5.1). We have data for 783 children at birth, and for 586 at last time point, mean age 8.6 (0.5) years, weight 30.7 (6.8) kg and length 133.9 (6.3) cm. FINDINGS TO DATE: We collected questionnaire data from parents, clinical measurements and blood samples from mothers, and data on children's growth (mid-pregnancy to 8 years). Our biobank includes maternal blood and urine samples, biopsy material from placentas and umbilical venous cord blood. We found several clinically important differences in maternal health, with higher risk in ethnic minority groups for GDM, insulin resistance, vitamin D and iron deficiency, depressive symptoms and physical inactivity. Contrasting patterns of fetal growth and risk of overweight/thinness at preschool age were observed across ethnic groups. Maternal GDM, obesity and high gestational weight gain were associated with children's BMI trajectories. FUTURE PLANS: We will examine the impact of maternal and fetal health and development during pregnancy on long-term outcomes for mothers and offspring. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Project title STORK G-2: Women and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes NCT03870724 (ClinicalTrials.gov).
Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and the risk of offspring diabetes mellitus in childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood: a nationwide population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDP) have been suggested to contribute to the development of offspring cardiovascular disease later in life, but empirical evidence remains inconsistent. This study was aimed to assess the association of maternal overall and type-specific HDPs with diabetes in offspring from childhood to early adulthood. METHODS: Using Danish national health registers, a total of 2,448,753 individuals born in Denmark from 1978 to 2018 were included in this study. Maternal HDP included chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. The outcome of interest was diabetes in offspring (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes). The follow-up of offspring started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of diabetes, emigration from Denmark, death, or time end on 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of the association between maternal HDP and diabetes (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes) in offspring from birth to young adulthood (up to 41 years), with the offspring's age as the time scale. RESULTS: During a follow-up of up to 41 (median: 19.3) years, 1247 offspring born to mothers with HDP and 23,645 offspring born to mothers without HDP were diagnosed with diabetes. Compared with offspring born to mothers without HDP, those born to mothers with HDP had an increased risk for overall diabetes (HR=1.27, 95% CI=1.20-1.34), as well as for type 2 diabetes (HR=1.57, 95% CI=1.38-1.78) and gestational diabetes (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.25-1.49). We did not observe obvious increased risk for type 1 diabetes (HR=1.08, 95% CI=0.98-1.18). Offspring of mothers with gestational hypertension (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.00-1.88) or preeclampsia (HR=1.62, 95% CI=1.41-1.87) had higher risks of type 2 diabetes. The strongest association was observed for severe preeclampsia, with a 2-fold risk of type 2 diabetes (HR=2.00, 95% CI=1.42-2.82). The association between maternal HDP and type 1 diabetes did not reach statistical significance, except for maternal gestational hypertension (HR=1.41, 95%CI=1.17-1.71). In addition, we found that offspring born to mothers with any subtypes of maternal HDP had higher risk of gestational diabetes, and the corresponding HRs (95%CIs) for chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia were 1.60 (1.06-2.41), 1.29 (1.04-1.59), and 1.38 (1.24-1.53), respectively. We also observed stronger associations among offspring of mothers with HDP and comorbid diabetes (HR=4.64, 95%CI=3.85-5.60) than offspring of mothers with HDP or diabetes alone. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring of mothers with HDP, especially mothers with comorbid diabetes, had an increased risk of diabetes later in their life. Our findings suggest that timely and effective prevention of HDP in women of childbearing age should be taken into consideration as diabetes prevention and control strategies for their generations.
Outcome after implementation of a modern management strategy for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine whether the institution of a modern management strategy affected pregnancy outcomes for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women diagnosed with ICP at one hospital from 2005 to 2013. A new management protocol for ICP was instituted in 2009 for women with total bile acids >40 μmol/L at <36 weeks. This strategy included inpatient admission, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring, with delivery between 36 and 37 weeks. We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes prior and subsequent to the institution of this protocol. RESULTS: We identified 186 singleton gestations with bile acids >40 μmol/L and diagnosis <36 weeks. Patient demographics were similar between the groups, with the exception of greater maternal age and gestational diabetes in the newer cohort. The newer cohort demonstrated a significant reduction in the incidence of stillbirth 0% versus 3.4%, p= 0.035). There was no difference in the age at delivery, cesarean delivery rates or NICU admissions. CONCLUSION: Application of our management strategy for ICP reduced the stillbirth rate without adversely affecting other maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Adding strength training, exercise intensity, and caloric expenditure to exercise guidelines in pregnancy.; Several versions of exercise guidelines for pregnancy have been published, the latest 9 years ago. These guidelines recommend 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise on most if not all days of the week for pregnant women in the absence of medical or obstetric complications. However, moderate-intensity exercise was not defined. In addition, the specific weekly energy expenditure of physical activity was not suggested. Recent research has determined that, compared with less vigorous activities, exercise intensity that reaches at least 60% of the heart rate reserve during pregnancy while gradually increasing physical-activity energy expenditure reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. To achieve the minimum expenditure of 16 metabolic equivalent task-h/wk, one could walk at 2 miles/h for 6.4 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 2.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). To achieve the target expenditure of 28 metabolic equivalent task-hours per week, one could walk at 2.0 miles/h for 11.2 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total exercise time is required. Light muscle strengthening performed during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy has minimal effect on newborn body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested.
PP108. Post-partum evaluation of the blood pressure and the kidney function in pre-eclamptic women.; INTRODUCTION: Recent data have shown that preeclampsia is not just a disease of pregnancy that resolves with delivery. Preeclampsia may be considered a 'risk marker' for later-life diseases, including cardiovascular and renal diseases and the metabolic syndrome. OBJECTIVES: We aimed a longitudinal prospective study to analyze the renal abnormalities in the post-partum. METHODS: We studied 127 post-preeclamptic women at 6 weeks post-partum. Twenty-four hour urine collection, ambulatory blood pressure and renal function were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean age (±SD) was 32±6years, BMI was 29.4±5.7, the race distribution was Caucasian 69%, Hispanic 14%, Black 12% and Orient 5%. Ten % were active smokers, 10% have been suffering from gestational diabetes. The mean duration of the pregnancy was 36 weeks 3/7±4. Our results show that the prevalence of hypertension defined by office blood pressure ⩾140/90 mmHg or ongoing antihypertensive treatment was 35%. The daytime ambulatory blood pressure (ABPM) was 122±16/85±11 mmHg, heart rate 84±8, and 111±20/75±11 mmHg at nighttime.Sixteen % had a daytime ABPM ⩾135/85mmHg corresponding to the definition of ambulatory hypertension. Ultrasensitive CRP was 4.9±5.1mg/ml, of them 31% had a frank elevation of the CRP >4. The glomerular filtration rate evaluated by the Gault-Cockroft equation showed a hyperfiltration with a mean value of 150±42ml/min. Eleven% had a decreased GFR < 90 ml/min. Microalbumine/creatinine ratio measured in the urine spot was 7 ±4. Mean microalbuminuria was 225±529mg/d measured on the 24h urine collection.Urine 24h Na excretion rate was 204±48 mmol/d. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, after the post-partum period, women having suffered from a pre-eclampsia display many cardiovascular risk factors with a high prevalence of hypertension, microalbuminuria, renal hyperfiltration and elevated CRP. These women should be carefully screened, and sub-groups with the higher risk have to be targeted for prevention and treatment, and close follow-up.
In-Hospital Outcomes in Pregnancy After Heart Transplantation.; Although the number of successful pregnancies in heart transplantation (HT) recipients is increasing, data regarding outcomes after delivery are limited. The 2010 to 2015 Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried to identify index hospitalizations for delivery in HT recipients. Adverse delivery events of HT patients were compared with those of women without history of HT or systolic heart failure (HF) undergoing delivery. Of 21,922,631 delivery hospitalizations, 94 hospitalizations were of HT recipients. Compared with women without a history of HF or HT, post-HT women had greater comorbidity burden, as evidenced by the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (1.16 vs 0.24, p <0.001), lower household incomes (p = 0.03), and were more likely to deliver at large hospitals (90% vs 58%, p = 0.02) and hospitals categorized as teaching institutions (100% vs 59%, p <0.001). After adjustment for clinical variables, history of HT was significantly associated with increased incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio 6.97, p = 0.001) primarily driven by increased rates of preeclampsia, and induction of labor (odds ratio 3.18, p = 0.01). There were no differences in gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth restriction, fetal malformations, or preterm delivery (all p >0.3). In conclusion, post-HT women have greater comorbidity burden and experience increased maternal risks compared with women without history of HT or systolic HF, including increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and need for induction. More studies are needed to improve obstetric care and maternal-fetal outcomes for the HT population.
Medical record review to recover missing data in a Portuguese birth cohort: agreement with self-reported data collected by questionnaire and inter-rater variability.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the yield of medical record review to recover missing data originally collected by questionnaire, to analyze the agreement between these two data sources and to determine interobserver variability in clinical record review. METHODS: We analyzed data from a birth cohort of 8,127 women who were consecutively recruited after giving birth from 2005-2006. Recruitment was conducted at all public maternity units of Porto, Portugal. We reviewed the medical records of 3,657 women with missing data in the baseline questionnaire and assessed agreement between these two sources by using information from participants with data from both sources. Interobserver variability was assessed by using 400 randomly selected clinical records. RESULTS: Data on pregnancy complications and maternal anthropometric parameters were successfully recovered. Agreement between the questionnaire and records in family history data was fair, particularly for cardiovascular disease [k=0.27; 95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.23-0.32]. The highest agreement was observed for personal history of diabetes (k=0.82; 95%CI 0.70-0.93), while agreement for hypertension was moderate (k=0.60; 95%CI 0.50-0.69). Discrepancies in prepregnancy body mass index classes were observed in 10.3% women. Data were highly consistent between the two reviewers, with the highest agreement found for gestational diabetes (k=1.00) and birth weight (99.5% concordance). CONCLUSION: Data from the medical records and questionnaire were concordant with regard to pregnancy and well-known risk factors. The low interobserver variability did not threaten the precision of our data.
Likelihood-Based Random-Effect Meta-Analysis of Binary Events.; Meta-analysis has been used extensively for evaluation of efficacy and safety of medical interventions. Its advantages and utilities are well known. However, recent studies have raised questions about the accuracy of the commonly used moment-based meta-analytic methods in general and for rare binary outcomes in particular. The issue is further complicated for studies with heterogeneous effect sizes. Likelihood-based mixed-effects modeling provides an alternative to moment-based methods such as inverse-variance weighted fixed- and random-effects estimators. In this article, we compare and contrast different mixed-effect modeling strategies in the context of meta-analysis. Their performance in estimation and testing of overall effect and heterogeneity are evaluated when combining results from studies with a binary outcome. Models that allow heterogeneity in both baseline rate and treatment effect across studies have low type I and type II error rates, and their estimates are the least biased among the models considered.
Protective Effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Type 2 Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome.; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2DM and that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that make up the plant-based MedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathways that lead to MetS and T2DM, as well as other chronic conditions. Abundant epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Association of Comorbid and Metabolic Factors with Optimal Control of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a poorly controlled epidemic worldwide that demands active research into mitigation of the factors that are associated with poor control. AIMS: The study was to determine the factors associated with suboptimal glycemic control. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Electronic medical records of 263 adult patients with T2DM in our suburban internal medicine office were reviewed. Patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 [optimal diabetes control with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of 7% or less] and Group 2 (suboptimal diabetes control with HbA1c greater than 7%). The influence of factors such as age, gender, race, social history, comorbid conditions, gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, diabetes management, statin use, aspirin use, angiotensin convertase enzyme inhibitor (ACE-I) or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) use, body mass index (BMI), blood pressures, lipid profile, and urine microalbumin level were analyzed in the two groups. RESULTS: In the suboptimal diabetes control group (N = 119), the majority (86.6%) of the patients were 41-80 years old. Factors associated with the suboptimal control were male gender [odds ratio (OR) 2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.579-4.321], Asian ethnicity (OR 1.4, 95% CI, 0.683-3.008), history of peripheral arterial disease (PAD; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), history of congestive heart failure (CHF; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), elevated triglycerides (OR 1.004, 95% CI, 1.000-1.007), and elevated urine microalbumin level of 30 mg/24 h or above (OR 4.5, 95% CI, 2.446-8.380). Patients with suboptimal diabetes control had a 3.8 times greater odds (95% CI, 1.493-6.885) of receiving the insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent together. CONCLUSIONS: In adult patients with T2DM, male gender, Asian ethnicity, CHF, PAD, management with insulin along with oral hypoglycemic agents, hypertriglyceridemia, and microalbuminuria were associated with suboptimal control.
[Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus-clinical recommendations (Update 2023)].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect pathophysiology, screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies of diseases as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels and decreased estrogen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA(1c), blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
Maternal Midpregnancy Glucose Levels and Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring.; IMPORTANCE: There is a well-described association between maternal diabetes mellitus and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Although the clinical diagnoses of type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes are strong risk factors for CHD, subclinical abnormalities of glucose and insulin metabolism are common within the general population and could also confer risk for CHD. We hypothesize that continuous measures of blood analytes related to maternal diabetes are related to odds of cardiac malformations. OBJECTIVE: To explore the potential association of 2 different CHD phenotypes in offspring with maternal midpregnancy measures of glucose and insulin. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Case-control study from a population-based cohort of 277 pregnant women in southern and central California carrying infants with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) (n = 55), dextrotransposition of the great arteries (dTGA) (n = 42), or healthy infants without CHD (n = 180). Serum samples were collected from 2003 through 2007. The analysis was conducted from March through June 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Blood analytes related to maternal glucose metabolism were measured from random nonfasting second-trimester blood samples. We measured serum insulin levels by a validated radioimmunoassay, and we measured glucose levels. Multivariable logistic regression models estimated the association between these levels and case status. RESULTS: Serum glucose values were elevated in the maternal samples for offspring with TOF (median, 97.0 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0555]) relative to controls (median, 91.5 mg/dL) (P = .01, Wilcoxon rank sum test), a phenomenon not observed in the maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 90.0 mg/dL) relative to controls (P = .18, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Serum insulin levels were significantly different between controls (median, 18.8 μIU/mL [to convert to picomoles per liter, multiply by 6.945]) and maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 13.1 μIU/mL; P = .048, Wilcoxon rank sum test) but not with TOF (median, 14.3 μIU/mL; P = .35, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Relative to maternal blood glucose levels of infants without cardiac malformations, we observed that maternal blood glucose levels in models including insulin were strongly associated with odds of TOF (adjusted odds ratio = 7.54; 95% CI, 2.30-24.69) but not with dTGA (adjusted odds ratio = 1.16; 95% CI, 0.28-4.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These results represent a direct correlation of glucose as a continuous variable to odds of specific cardiac malformations. The association between serum glucose and odds of TOF indicates the need for additional epidemiological and mechanistic investigations into the risk conferred by insulin signaling and glucose metabolism during early pregnancy.
A meta-analysis into the mediatory effects of family planning utilization on complications of pregnancy in women of reproductive age.; BACKGROUND: Despite conflicting findings in the current literature regarding the correlation between contraceptives and maternal health consequences, statistical analyses indicate that family planning may decrease the occurrence of such outcomes. Consequently, it is crucial to assess the capability of family planning to mitigate adverse maternal health outcomes. OBJECTIVES: This review investigates the effects of modern contraceptive use on maternal health. SEARCH METHODS: This systematic review is registered on Prospero (CRD42022332783). We searched numerous databases with an upper date limit of February 2022 and no geographical boundaries. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included observational studies, including cross-sectional, cohort, case-control studies, and non-RCT with a comparison group. We excluded systematic reviews, scoping reviews, narrative reviews, and meta-analyses from the body of this review. MAIN RESULTS: The review included nineteen studies, with five studies reporting a reduction in maternal mortality linked to increased access to family planning resources and contraceptive use. Another three studies examined the impact of contraception on the risk of preeclampsia and our analysis found that preeclampsia risk was lower by approximately 6% among contraceptive users (95% CI 0.82-1.13) compared to non-users. Two studies assessed the effect of hormonal contraceptives on postpartum glucose tolerance and found that low-androgen contraception was associated with a reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.58-1.22), while DMPA injection was possibly linked to a higher risk of falling glucose status postpartum (OR 1.42, 95% CI 0.85-2.36). Two studies evaluated high-risk pregnancies and births in contraceptive users versus non-users, with the risk ratio being 30% lower among contraceptive users of any form (95% CI 0.61, 0.80). None of these results were statistically significant except the latter. In terms of adverse maternal health outcomes, certain contraceptives were found to be associated with ectopic pregnancy and pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism through additional analysis.
The Impact of a Lifestyle Intervention on Postpartum Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Hispanic Women With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance During Pregnancy: Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Trial.; BACKGROUND: Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with higher rates among Hispanics. However, studies on the impact of lifestyle interventions on postpartum CVD profiles are sparse. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a controlled trial among a subsample of Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance participating in Estudió PARTO (Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes; mean age = 28.2 y, SD: 5.8) who were randomized to a culturally modified Lifestyle intervention (n = 45) or a comparison Health and Wellness intervention (n = 55). Primary endpoints were biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (lipids, C-reactive protein, fetuin-A, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and adiponectin) measured at baseline (6-wk postpartum) and 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: In intent-to-treat analyses, there were no significant differences in changes in biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance over the postpartum year. In prespecified sensitivity analyses, women adherent with the Lifestyle Intervention had more favorable improvements in insulin (intervention effect = -4.87, SE: 1.93, P = .01) and HOMA-IR (intervention effect = -1.15, SE: 0.53, P = .03) compared with the Health and Wellness arm. In pooled analyses, regardless of intervention arm, women with higher postpartum sports/exercise had greater increase in HDL-cholesterol (intervention effect = 6.99, SE: 1.72, P = .0001). CONCLUSIONS: In this randomized controlled trial among Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance, we did not observe a significant effect on postpartum biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance. Women adherent to the intervention had more favorable changes in insulin and HOMA-IR.
Trends in and Outcomes of Deliveries Complicated by Cystic Fibrosis.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize current trends and outcomes in pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) that resulted in delivery. METHODS: This repeated cross-sectional study used the U.S. National Inpatient Sample to identify delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF between 2000 and 2019. Trends in delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF were assessed using joinpoint regression to determine the average annual percent change (AAPC). The risk of adverse maternal and obstetric outcomes was compared between patients with and without CF using adjusted logistic regression models accounting for demographic, clinical, and hospital characteristics, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs as measures of association. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions such as pregestational diabetes was analyzed over time. RESULTS: From 2000 to 2019, the prevalence of CF at delivery increased from 2.1 to 10.4 per 100,000 deliveries (AAPC 6.7%, 95% CI 5.7-8.2%). The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions increased from 18.0% to 37.3% (AAPC 3.1%, 95% CI 1.0-5.3%). Patients with CF were more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity (aOR 2.61, 95% CI 1.71-3.97), respiratory complications (aOR 17.45, 95% CI 11.85-25.68), venous thromboembolism (aOR 3.59, 95% CI 1.33-9.69), preterm delivery (aOR 2.15, 95% CI 1.79-2.59), abruption and antepartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.10-2.41), and gestational diabetes (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 2.47-3.70). CONCLUSION: Although still infrequent (approximately 1 in 10,000), deliveries complicated by CF increased approximately fivefold over the study period. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions is increasing. Patients with CF are at increased risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes.
Fetal cardiac size in normal, intrauterine growth retarded, and diabetic pregnancies.; A total of 177 M-mode echocardiography studies were done on three groups of fetuses at different gestational ages: group I, normally grown fetuses; group II, intrauterine growth-retarded fetuses (IUGR); and group III, fetuses of diabetic mothers. Adjusted for gestational age and for fetal weight, the hearts of fetuses with IUGR were found to have an increased minor axis dimension due to free wall hypertrophy. No ventricular dilation was found in this group. Furthermore, IUGR fetuses have a larger heart proportionally to their body weight, raising the possibility of a "sparing effect" in this particular group. The hearts of fetuses of diabetic mothers were also found to have a significantly larger cardiac size than that of a group of normally grown fetuses. The increase was secondary to free wall hypertrophy, interventricular septal hypertrophy, and right ventricular dilation. This study confirms previous reports about fetal diabetic cardiomegaly and documents the contribution of the different cardiac components to this increase in size. The free wall hypertrophy found in these two groups may occur by different processes, which needs to be further investigated.
Genetic and Dietary Regulation of Glyburide Efflux by the Human Placental Breast Cancer Resistance Protein Transporter.; Glyburide is frequently used to treat gestational diabetes owing to its low fetal accumulation resulting from placental efflux by the breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP)/ABCG2 transporter. Here we sought to determine how exposure to the dietary phytoestrogen genistein and expression of a loss-of-function polymorphism in the ABCG2 gene (C421A) impacted the transport of glyburide by BCRP using stably transfected human embryonic kidney 293 (HEK) cells, human placental choriocarcinoma BeWo cells, and human placental explants. Genistein competitively inhibited the BCRP-mediated transport of (3)H-glyburide in both wild-type (WT) and C421A-BCRP HEK-expressing cells, with greater accumulation of (3)H-glyburide in cells expressing the C421A variant. In BeWo cells, exposure to genistein for 60 minutes increased the accumulation of (3)H-glyburide 30%-70% at concentrations relevant to dietary exposure (IC50 ∼180 nM). Continuous exposure of BeWo cells to genistein for 48 hours reduced the expression of BCRP mRNA and protein by up to 40%, which impaired BCRP transport activity. Pharmacologic antagonism of the estrogen receptor attenuated the genistein-mediated downregulation of BCRP expression, suggesting that phytoestrogens may reduce BCRP levels through this hormone receptor pathway in BeWo cells. Interestingly, genistein treatment for 48 hours did not alter BCRP protein expression in explants dissected from healthy term placentas. These data suggest that whereas genistein can act as a competitive inhibitor of BCRP-mediated transport, its ability to downregulate placental BCRP expression may only occur in choriocarcinoma cells. Overall, this research provides important mechanistic data regarding how the environment (dietary genistein) and a frequent genetic variant (ABCG2, C421A) may alter the maternal-fetal disposition of glyburide.
[Contraception for the diabetic woman].; The various contraceptive methods available today are examined here: natural methods; sterilization; intrauterine devices; oral contraceptives. The analysis of the advantages and disadvantages of each of them indicates that in the diabetic woman low dosages of estrogen-progestins are the most suitable for short-term contraception since they do not seem to influence diabetic control. Once the patient has completed her family, the choice of method for long-term contraception is intrauterine devices or sterilization.
Influence of maternal obesity on human trophoblast differentiation: The role of mitochondrial status.; Maternal obesity is associated with complications of pregnancy and increases the infant's risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. The placenta has an important role in determining the pregnancy outcome, and the syncytiotrophoblast (ST) is the main component of the placenta that supports the relationship between the mother and fetus. The differentiation of the cytotrophoblast (CT) into the ST is accompanied by changes in mitochondrial functions and dynamics. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of maternal obesity (without gestational diabetes) on the in vitro differentiation capacities of human CT isolated from term placenta by focusing on mitochondrial status. We found that, during human CT differentiation process, maternal obesity is associated with (i) a lower progesterone secretion, (ii) a transient impairment in the ST's fusion potential (via syncytin-2 and its receptor), (iii) a lower mitochondrial content, and (iv) weaker mRNA expression of oestrogen-related receptor-gamma (a key mitobiogenesis gene). Moreover, maternal obesity altered the time course of ATP and reactive oxygen species production throughout CT differentiation. The mitochondrial dysfunctions observed in isolated human CTs of obese women might explain the observed decrease in progesterone production. Our results demonstrated that obesity in pregnancy is associated with a functional impairment of the ST which might alter the foetal-maternal dialogue.
Diabetes: a review of its pathophysiology, and advanced methods of mitigation.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a long-lasting metabolic non-communicable disease often characterized by an increase in the level of glucose in the blood or hyperglycemia. Approximately, 415 million people between the ages of 20 and 79 years had DM in 2015 and this figure will rise by 200 million by 2040. In a study conducted by CARRS, it's been found that in Delhi the prevalence of diabetes is around 27% and for prediabetic cases, it is more than 46%. The disease DM can be both short-term and long-term and is often associated with one or more diseases like cardiovascular disease, liver disorder, or kidney malfunction. Early identification of diabetes may help avoid catastrophic repercussions because untreated DM can result in serious complications. Diabetes' primary symptoms are persistently high blood glucose levels, frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Therefore, DM is classified into four major categories, namely, Type 1, Type 2, Gestational diabetes, and secondary diabetes. There are various oral and injectable formulations available in the market like insulin, biguanides, sulphonylureas, etc. for the treatment of DM. Recent attention can be given to the various nano approaches undertaken for the treatment, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus. Various nanoparticles like Gold Nanoparticles, carbon nanomaterials, and metallic nanoparticles are some of the approaches mentioned in this review. Besides nanotechnology, artificial intelligence (AI) has also found its application in diabetes care. AI can be used for screening the disease, helping in decision-making, predictive population-level risk stratification, and patient self-management tools. Early detection and diagnosis of diabetes also help the patient avoid expensive treatments later in their life with the help of IoT (internet of medical things) and machine learning models. These tools will help healthcare physicians to predict the disease early. Therefore, the Nano drug delivery system along with AI tools holds a very bright future in diabetes care.
Factors Associated With Influenza Vaccination During Pregnancy: A Real-World Evidence-Based Study.; Pregnant women are at increased risk of influenza-related complications. However, the rate of influenza vaccination among pregnant women in Taiwan is low. By analyzing real-world data in this study, we investigated the factors associated with influenza vaccination during pregnancy in Taiwan. This study was a cross-sectional study. We collected real-world data from 2 databases in Taiwan: the Birth Certificate Database and the National Health Insurance Research Database. The study population was pregnant between October 2014 and December 2016 in Taiwan. The multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with influenza vaccination, including maternal sociodemographics, trimester, comorbidities, and health-care utilization. The vaccination rate of among pregnant women was 8.2%. Factors significantly associated with a high likelihood of influenza vaccination were age between 30 and 34 years (odds ratio [OR]: 1.14; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.10-1.19), second trimester (OR: 1.80; 95% CI: 1.75-1.85), income equal to or exceeding NT$ 38 201 (OR: 1.92; 95% CI: 1.86-1.99), hypertension (OR: 1.16; 95% CI: 1.05-1.29), cardiovascular disease (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.17-1.42), autoimmune disease (OR: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.38-1.58), and chronic pulmonary disease (OR: 1.24; 95% CI: 1.18-1.31). A low level of urbanization, at least 1 hospitalization in the previous year, and the presence of pregnancy complications (eg, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa) were associated with a lower likelihood rate of influenza vaccination. The influenza vaccination rate among pregnant women in Taiwan was low. Age, gestational age, income level, urbanization level, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, autoimmune disease, chronic pulmonary disease, and pregnancy complications may be associated with influenza vaccination among pregnant women.
Abdominal fat and insulin resistance in normal and overweight women: Direct measurements reveal a strong relationship in subjects at both low and high risk of NIDDM.; Insulin resistance appears to be central to obesity, NIDDM, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. While obese women with abdominal (android) fat distribution are more insulin resistant than those with peripheral (gynecoid) obesity, in nonobese women, the relationship between abdominal fat and insulin resistance is unknown. By measuring regional adiposity with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp in 22 healthy women, with a mean +/- SE body BMI of 26.7 +/- 0.9 kg/m2 and differing risk factors for NIDDM, we found a strong negative relationship between central abdominal (intra-abdominal plus abdominal subcutaneous) fat and whole-body insulin sensitivity (r = -0.89, P < 0.0001) and nonoxidative glucose disposal (r = -0.77, P < 0.001), independent of total adiposity, family history of NIDDM, and past gestational diabetes. There was a large variation in insulin sensitivity, with a similar variation in central fat, even in those whose BMI was <25 kg/m2. Abdominal fat had a significantly stronger relationship with insulin sensitivity than peripheral nonabdominal fat (r2 = 0.79 vs. 0.44), and higher levels were associated with increased fasting nonesterified fatty acids, lipid oxidation, and hepatic glucose output. Because 79% of the variance in insulin sensitivity in this heterogeneous population was accounted for by central fat, abdominal adiposity appears to be a strong marker and may be a major determinant of insulin resistance in women.
Clinical Outcomes in High-Risk Pregnancies Due to Advanced Maternal Age.; Although the influence of advanced maternal age (AMA) and delayed childbearing on adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes has been studied extensively, no universal consensus on the definition of AMA exists. This terminology currently refers to the later years of a woman's reproductive life span and generally applies to women age ≥35 years. AMA increases the risk of pregnancy complications, including ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion, fetal chromosomal abnormalities, congenital anomalies, placenta previa and abruption, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. Such complications could be the cause of preterm birth and increase the risk of perinatal mortality. For women who have a chronic illness, pregnancy may lead to additional risk that demands increased monitoring or surveillance. The management of pregnant women of AMA requires understanding the relationship between age and preexisting comorbidities. The outcomes from pregnancy in AMA may have a negative impact on women's health as they age because of both the changes from the pregnancy itself and the increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. Postpartum depression affects women of AMA at higher rates. Links between preeclampsia and the risk of future development of cardiovascular disease require follow-up surveillance. The association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and cognitive and brain functions needs further investigation of sex-specific risk factors across the life span. Educating providers and women of AMA is crucial to facilitate clinical decision making and such education should consider cultural influences, risk perception, and women's health literacy, as well as providers' biases and system issues.
Recognition by Women's Health Care Providers of Long-Term Cardiovascular Disease Risk After Preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To assess health care providers' knowledge regarding pregnancy outcome as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and evaluate the variables associated with their responses to questions about routine surveillance for cardiovascular disease. METHODS: A voluntary, anonymous survey of internal medicine and obstetric and gynecologic health care providers at an academic institution. Responses to a case-based and direct inquiry questionnaire were evaluated. RESULTS: The overall response rate was 65% (173/265). When assessing cardiovascular risk, gynecologists compared with internists significantly more often requested a pregnancy history (44/49 [90%] compared with 56/75 [75%], P=.039) and more often attached importance to a history of preeclampsia (35/48 [73%] compared with 41/75 [55%], P=.028). When a history of preeclampsia was obtained, internists more often obtained a fasting glucose test (25/52 [48%] compared with 9/43 [20.9%], P=.009). A minority of health care providers recognized the importance of fetal growth restriction. Both health care provider groups demonstrated similar knowledge of general cardiovascular risk factors, screening tools, and interventions. Higher general cardiovascular knowledge was significantly associated with identification of pregnancy complications as cardiovascular risk factors (P=.001). CONCLUSION: When assessing cardiovascular risk, internists were less likely than gynecologists to include a pregnancy history. However, once identified as at risk for cardiovascular disease, gynecologists were less likely than internists to obtain appropriate testing. Education concerning the link between certain pregnancy complications and future cardiovascular disease is needed. Areas of opportunity for education in both medical specialties are identified.
Risk Factors for Intracardiac Thrombosis in the Right Atrium and Superior Vena Cava in Critically Ill Neonates who Required the Installation of a Central Venous Catheter.; BACKGROUND: Central venous catheter (CVC) installation is essential for the treatment of critically ill neonates; however, it is associated with the development of neonatal intracardiac thrombosis, which is a complication that is associated with a poor prognosis. We aimed to identify specific risk factors for the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the right atrium (RA) and superior vena cava (SVC) related to the use of CVC in critically ill neonates. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted at the tertiary referral neonatal intensive care unit of the Pediatric Hospital Siglo XXI in Mexico City, Mexico from 2008 to 2013. The included cases (n = 43) were de novo patients with intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC diagnosed by echocardiography. The controls (n = 43) were neonates without intracardiac thrombosis or thrombosis at other sites. A logistic regression analysis was conducted, and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. RESULTS: The independent risk factors for intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC were the surgical cut-down insertion technique (OR = 2.98; 95% CI: 1.18-9.10), a maternal history of gestational diabetes/diabetes mellitus (OR = 10.64; 95% CI: 1.13-121.41), Staphylococcus epidermidis infection (OR = 7.09; 95% CI: 1.09-45.92), and CVC placement in the SVC (OR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.10-30.18). CONCLUSION: This study allowed us to identify several contributing factors to the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC related to the installation of a CVC in a subgroup of critically ill neonates. Multicenter and well-designed studies with a larger number of patients could help validate our findings and/or identify other risk factors that were not identified in the present study.
[Expert consensus on the diagnosis and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea in women].; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) shows sex differences in the pathophysiology, epidemiology, and clinical presentation. Women have different characteristics of OSA at different life stages. Based on 26 guidelines and consensus, 121 English literatures, and 24 Chinese literatures, the Sleep Disorder Group of Chinese Thoracic Society has drafted a consensus with multidisciplinary experts to summarize the epidemiology, clinical characteristics, diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up of OSA in women at different life stages, particularly issues related to OSA during pregnancy. The consensus is divided into four parts: epidemiology, diagnosis, treatment, and issues for pregnant women with OSA, with 34 recommendations covering 13 clinical issues. The aim was to improve the understanding and managements of OSA in women.Summary of recommendationsQuestion 1: What is the prevalence of OSA in women at different life stages?The prevalence of OSA varies among women at different life stages. Sex differences are not significant in childhood and adolescence. The prevalence of OSA in women of childbearing age is significantly lower than that in men. The prevalence of OSA increases during pregnancy due to changes in hormone levels and the influence of pregnancy physiology, as well as with gestational weeks. In postmenopausal women, the prevalence of OSA increases significantly, and the sex differences are no longer significant.Question 2: What are the risk factors for OSA in women at different life stages?The risk factors for OSA in women at different life stages are not identical. (1) Childhood and adolescence: Tonsillar and adenoid hypertrophy, obesity, and craniofacial structural anomalies increase the risk of OSA; (2) Childbearing age: The prevalence of OSA in women is lower than in men. However, obesity, hypothyroidism, acromegaly, and polycystic ovary syndrome increase the risk of OSA, and these patients should be screened for OSA; (3) Pregnancy: hormonal effects, uterine enlargement, and weight changes increase the risk of OSA, especially in those with a history of snoring or OSA before pregnancy; (4) Perimenopausal and post-menopausal periods: Decreased levels of estrogen/progesterone reduce the protective effects on the upper airways, and increase the risk of OSA. Menopause is an important risk factor for OSA in women.Question 3: What are the harms of OSA in women?OSA is an independent risk factor for diseases such as hypertension, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, metabolic disorders, emotional and cognitive impairments, and malignant tumors in women. OSA during pregnancy has several adverse effects on maternal and infant health, and is associated with increased risks of preeclampsia, hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (HDM), premature birth, neonatal asphyxia, fetal growth restriction, etc.Question 4: What are the clinical symptoms and physical signs of OSA in women?The symptoms of OSA in women are different from those in men. Attention should be paid to whether women snore and the frequency of snoring, especially among postmenopausal and obese women. The atypical symptoms of OSA, including insomnia, daytime fatigue, morning headache, anxiety and nightmares, should not be ignored, especially in postmenopausal, obese, and pregnant women.Question 5: When should women be screened for OSA?(1) Postmenopausal and pregnant women, as well as women with a first-degree relative with OSA. It should be noted that the clinical symptoms of OSA in women are not typical; (2) Women with polycystic ovary syndrome, hypothyroidism, and acromegaly; (3) Women engaged in various occupations, including driving and working at heights.Question 6: How to screen OSA in women?Many screening tools and questionnaires can be used to screen for OSA, but should not be used to diagnose OSA in the absence of objective sleep tests. (1) Questionnaires and screening tools: The STOP-Bang questionnaire targeting the general population has higher sensitivity than Berlin Questionnaire (BQ), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), and others. STOP Bang≥3 points combined with ESS can further improve its specificity and can be used for OSA screening in women. However, the questionnaire has poor sensitivity for female OSA. Type Ⅳ monitoring devices can be used for OSA screening in women with a weak recommendation; (2) PSG is the gold standard for diagnosis. Type Ⅱ or Ⅲ portable monitoring (PM) devices are recommended for the diagnosis of OSA in women in the following conditions: 1) Diagnosis of high-risk OSA patients without complex comorbidities; 2) OSA patients who are immobile or critically ill and unable to undergo PSG monitoring in a sleep center; 3) Diagnosis of perioperative OSA patients; 4) Pregnant women with high suspicion of OSA.Question 7: How to diagnose OSA in women?The diagnostic and grading criteria for adult non-pregnant women with OSA are the same as the diagnostic criteria for adult OSA; for diagnosis and grading of OSA in pregnant women, see "Section 4: OSA in Pregnancy".Question 8: How to treat OSA in women?For all the OSA patients with varying degrees of severity in women, the general treatment can be applied: weight loss, dietary control, exercise, position therapy, reduction of alcohol intake, and cautious use of sedative and hypnotic drugs. Medical costs and the risk of comorbidities with OSA in women are higher than those in men. Therefore, OSA patients in women should be promptly evaluated and treated.Question 9: How to optimize non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NPPV) treatment and improve compliance for OSA patients in women?(1) NPPV is the first-line treatment for moderate to severe OSA in women. It can relieve upper airway obstruction, eliminate sleep hypoxia, improve sleep quality and quality of life, and reduce the incidence of related complications and mortality; (2) To improve compliance with NPPV treatment, behavioral interventions and patient education are recommended. Selecting an appropriate human-machine interface, improving the humidification effect, promptly handling adverse reactions, and applying remote medical models may improve the compliance.Question 10: What are the other options for OSA treatment in women?Other treatment methods include oral appliances, upper airway surgery, and sublingual nerve stimulation therapy, which have moderate therapeutic effects in women. Postmenopausal hormone therapy (MHT) in women has a certain therapeutic effect on OSA, but its safety needs further evaluation.Question 11: What is follow-up evaluation for OSA in women?(1) Follow-up every 6 months or 1 year after receiving NPPV treatment; (2) PSG should be rechecked at the 3rd and 6th months after surgical treatment to evaluate the therapeutic effects. For patients with poor therapeutic effects after surgery, it is recommended to use treatments such as NPPV; (3) PSG should be rechecked at the 3rd and 6th months after oral appliance treatment. Oral appliances should be adjusted as needed to consolidate long-term efficacy, or switched to a treatment such as NPPV; (4) During follow-up, attention should be paid to the improvement of apnea hypopnea index(AHI), symptoms, and side effects; (5) It is recommended that NPPV treatment be remotely managed via the internet, which can provide high-quality and comprehensive sleep care; (6) Follow-up of OSA during pregnancy can be found in "Section 4: OSA in Pregnancy ".Question 12: How to diagnose and evaluate OSA during pregnancy?OSA during pregnancy has adverse effects on maternal and infant outcomes. It is recommended that high-risk pregnant women be screened and diagnosed for OSA during pregnancy management and healthcare.(1) Screening of the high-risk population: Individuals who meet any of the following criteria are considered at high risk for OSA during pregnancy. 1) Symptoms: snoring during sleep, arousal, headache in the morning, insomnia, depression, excessive daytime sleepiness, and fatigue; 2) Pregnant women over 35 years old; 3) Physical signs: weight exceeding standard body weight by 20% or more, BMI≥28 kg/m(2), and neck circumference>40 cm; anatomical abnormalities of the upper airways, such as nasal obstruction, tonsil hypertrophy, and mandibular retrognathia, etc.; 4) Combined internal medicine diseases, such as refractory hypertension, unknown arrhythmia, chronic congestive heart failure, refractory diabetes and insulin resistance, refractory asthma, hypothyroidism, primary aldosteronism; 5) Those with obstetric related diseases, such as preeclampsia, HDP, GDM, and intrauterine growth restriction of the fetus, and with symptoms of chest tightness and apnea that cannot be explained by other factors, and with previous history of gestational OSA or family history.(2) Screening time: There is currently no strong evidence to support the recommendation for optimal screening time. Given the adverse effects of OSA on mothers and infants, it is recommended that high-risk individuals of OSA be screened for OSA between12 and 18 weeks of pregnancy.(3) Screening tools: The main manifestations of OSA in pregnant women are insomnia and poor sleep quality, whereas daytime drowsiness is often not severe. Various sleep questionnaires and models for OSA in pregnancy have poor sensitivity and specificity. Type Ⅳ and consumer-level monitoring devices are lack of sufficient clinical validation. It is recommended that the results of the above screening tools should only have an indicative role in the diagnosis of OSA during pregnancy.(4) Diagnostic tools: PSG is the gold standard for the diagnosis of OSA in pregnancy. PM may be the first choice diagnostic technique for OSA in pregnancy, and Type Ⅲ monitoring devices are the most commonly used devices.(5) Diagnostic criteria: Diagnosis of OSA during pregnancy should be based on symptoms, signs, and PSG or PM monitoring results. Diagnostic criteria for OSA during pregnancy are as follows: 1) PSG or PM monitoring shows AHI≥5 times/h with symptoms or signs of OSA in women, or with related complications (such as diagnosed hypertension, emotional disorders, unexplained arrhythmias, chronic congestive heart failure, HDP, HDM, intrauterine growth restriction that cannot be explained by other factors, chest tightness and apnea excluding other reasons), or with previous history of OSA or family history of OSA; 2) PSG or PM monitoring shows AHI≥10 times/h in those with less daytime drowsiness (ESS≤9 points).Question 13: How to manage OSA during pregnancy?(1) Once OSA is diagnosed during pregnancy, personalized treatment plans from pregnancy to birth should be developed through collaborative discussions between sleep center professionals, obstetricians, pregnant women, and their families. Multidisciplinary collaboration among anaesthesia, neonatology, and critical care medicine may be required in some cases. A comprehensive management approach should be adopted based on the patient's condition, which includes strengthening weight management, positioning treatment, NPPV treatment, oral appliances, and management of maternal and infant complications; (2) Considering the Regarding continuous weight gain during pregnancy, APAP treatment is more appropriate mode for pregnant women with OSA; (3) Oral appliances are suitable for patients with snoring or mild to moderate OSA, especially those with combined mandibular retraction or NPPV intolerance. However, oral appliances are not recommended as the first-line treatment; (4) It is not recommended to use surgical methods to treat OSA during pregnancy; (5) Follow-up and evaluation: Patients' conditions should be re-evaluated and treatment plans should be adjusted at around 24 weeks of pregnancy. Postpartum PSG or PM monitoring should be repeated to assess the need for continued treatment after delivery.
Retrospective study of association between choice of vasopressor given during spinal anaesthesia for high-risk caesarean delivery and fetal pH.; BACKGROUND: Phenylephrine given during spinal anaesthesia for low-risk caesarean section is associated with higher fetal pH than ephedrine. However, there is little evidence on the effects of ephedrine and phenylephrine in complicated pregnancies. The aim of this study was to compare umbilical artery pH with phenylephrine and ephedrine given during spinal anaesthesia where caesarean section was performed because of an increased risk of fetal compromise. METHODS: We reviewed the case notes of all women at our hospital from 2000-2003 who had undergone high-risk caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia, where umbilical artery and venous pH had been recorded at delivery. Umbilical artery pH was compared by choice of vasopressor and multiple regression analysis was used to investigate the effects of other possible confounding variables. RESULTS: One hundred and fifteen patients received no vasopressor, 122 ephedrine (group E) and 148 phenylephrine (group P). The median umbilical artery pH was 7.26 (IQR 7.21-7.30) for the no-vasopressor group, 7.27 (7.22-7.30) for group E and 7.28 (7.22-7.32) for group P (P=0.21). Using multiple regression analysis, the only variable associated with altered umbilical artery pH was a non-reassuring fetal heart trace. CONCLUSIONS: Umbilical artery pH was similar whether ephedrine or phenylephrine was used to maintain maternal arterial pressure, which contrasts with studies of low-risk caesarean section.
Precision Medicine in Patients with Differential Diabetic Phenotypes: Novel Opportunities from Network Medicine.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus (DM) comprises differential clinical phenotypes ranging from rare monogenic to common polygenic forms, such as type 1 (T1DM), type 2 (T2DM), and gestational diabetes, which are associated with cardiovascular complications. Also, the high- -risk prediabetic state is rising worldwide, suggesting the urgent need for early personalized strategies to prevent and treat a hyperglycemic state. OBJECTIVE: We aim to discuss the advantages and challenges of Network Medicine approaches in clarifying disease-specific molecular pathways, which may open novel ways for repurposing approved drugs to reach diabetes precision medicine and personalized therapy. CONCLUSION: The interactome or protein-protein interactions (PPIs) is a useful tool to identify subtle molecular differences between precise diabetic phenotypes and predict putative novel drugs. Despite being previously unappreciated as T2DM determinants, the growth factor receptor-bound protein 14 (GRB14), calmodulin 2 (CALM2), and protein kinase C-alpha (PRKCA) might have a relevant role in disease pathogenesis. Besides, in silico platforms have suggested that diflunisal, nabumetone, niflumic acid, and valdecoxib may be suitable for the treatment of T1DM; phenoxybenzamine and idazoxan for the treatment of T2DM by improving insulin secretion; and hydroxychloroquine reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by counteracting inflammation. Network medicine has the potential to improve precision medicine in diabetes care and enhance personalized therapy. However, only randomized clinical trials will confirm the clinical utility of network- oriented biomarkers and drugs in the management of DM.
Proactive Prophylaxis With Azithromycin and HydroxyChloroquine in Hospitalised Patients With COVID-19 (ProPAC-COVID): A structured summary of a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this randomised GCP-controlled trial is to clarify whether combination therapy with the antibiotic azithromycin and hydroxychloroquine via anti-inflammation/immune modulation, antiviral efficacy and pre-emptive treatment of supra-infections can shorten hospitalisation duration for patients with COVID-19 (measured as "days alive and out of hospital" as the primary outcome), reduce the risk of non- invasive ventilation, treatment in the intensive care unit and death. TRIAL DESIGN: This is a multi-centre, randomised, Placebo-controlled, 2-arm ratio 1:1, parallel group double-blind study. PARTICIPANTS: 226 participants are recruited at the trial sites/hospitals, where the study will take place in Denmark: Aalborg, Bispebjerg, Gentofte, Herlev, Hillerød, Hvidovre, Odense and Slagelse hospitals. INCLUSION CRITERIA: • Patient admitted to Danish emergency departments, respiratory medicine departments or internal medicine departments • Age≥ 18 years • Hospitalized ≤48 hours • Positive COVID-19 test / diagnosis during the hospitalization (confirmed). • Men or non-fertile women. Fertile women* must not be pregnant, i.e. negative pregnancy test must be available at inclusion • Informed consent signed by the patient *Defined as after menarche and until postmenopausal (no menstruation for 12 months) Exclusion criteria: • At the time of recruitment, the patient uses >5 LO2/min (equivalent to 40% FiO2 if measured) • Known intolerance/allergy to azithromycin or hydroxychloroquine or hypersensitivity to quinine or 4-aminoquinoline derivatives • Neurogenic hearing loss • Psoriasis • Retinopathy • Maculopathy • Visual field changes • Breastfeeding • Severe liver diseases other than amoebiasis (INR> 1.5 spontaneously) • Severe gastrointestinal, neurological and hematological disorders (investigator-assessed) • eGFR <45 ml/min/1.73 m2 • Clinically significant cardiac conduction disorders/arrhythmias or prolonged QTc interval (QTc (f) of> 480/470 ms). • Myasthenia gravis • Treatment with digoxin* • Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency • Porphyria • Hypoglycaemia (Blood glucose at any time since hospitalization of <3.0 mmol/L) • Severe mental illness which significantly impedes cooperation • Severe linguistic problems that significantly hinder cooperation • Treatment with ergot alkaloids *The patient must not be treated with digoxin for the duration of the intervention. For atrial fibrillation/flutter, select according to the Cardiovascular National Treatment Guide (NBV): Calcium antagonist, Beta blocker, direct current (DC) conversion or amiodarone. In case of urgent need for digoxin treatment (contraindication for the aforementioned equal alternatives), the test drug should be paused, and ECG should be taken daily. INTERVENTION AND COMPARATOR: Control group: The control group will receive the standard treatment + placebo for both types of intervention medication at all times. If part or all the intervention therapy being investigated becomes standard treatment during the study, this may also be offered to the control group. Intervention group: The patients in the intervention group will also receive standard care. Immediately after randomisation to the intervention group, the patient will begin treatment with: Azithromycin: Day 1-3: 500 mg x 1 Day 4-15: 250 mg x 1 If the patient is unable to take the medication orally by themselves, the medication will, if possible, be administered by either stomach-feeding tube, or alternatively, temporary be changed to clarithromycin 500 mg x 2 (this only in agreement with either study coordinator Pradeesh Sivapalan or principal investigator Jens-Ulrik Stæhr Jensen). This will also be done in the control group if necessary. The patient will switch back to azithromycin when possible. Hydroxychloroquine: Furthermore, the patient will be treated with hydroxychloroquine as follows: Day 1-15: 200 mg x 2 MAIN OUTCOMES: • Number of days alive and discharged from hospital within 14 days (summarises both whether the patient is alive and discharged from hospital) ("Days alive and out of hospital") RANDOMISATION: The sponsor (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease Trial Network, COP:TRIN) generates a randomisation sequence. Randomisation will be in blocks of unknown size and the final allocation will be via an encrypted website (REDCap). There will be stratification for age (>70 years vs. <=70 years), site of recruitment and whether the patient has any of the following chronic lung diseases: COPD, asthma, bronchiectasis, interstitial lung disease (Yes vs. No). BLINDING (MASKING): Participants and study personnel will both be blinded, i.e. neither will know which group the participant is allocated to. NUMBERS TO BE RANDOMISED (SAMPLE SIZE): This study requires 226 patients randomised 1:1 with 113 in each group. TRIAL STATUS: Protocol version 1.8, from April 16, 2020. Recruitment is ongoing (first patient recruited April 6, 2020; final patient expected to be recruited October 31, 2020). TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04322396 (registered March 26, 2020) FULL PROTOCOL: The full protocol is attached as an additional file, accessible from the Trials website (Additional file 1). In the interest in expediting dissemination of this material, the familiar formatting has been eliminated; this Letter serves as a summary of the key elements of the full protocol. The study protocol has been reported in accordance with the Standard Protocol Items: Recommendations for Clinical Interventional Trials (SPIRIT) guidelines (Additional file 2).
Diabetes mellitus and fertility control: contraception management issues.; The need to prevent complications in the woman and fetus mandates that pregnancies in diabetic women always be planned and that safe and effective contraceptives be used at all times until it is determined that pregnancy is a safe and desired option. Pregnancy may aggravate complications of diabetes such as retinopathy and coronary artery disease. A pregnant diabetic woman is also more likely to experience such complications as hypertension, urinary tract infection, polyhydramnios, and cesarean section. Her fetus is at increased risk for congenital malformations, prematurity, stillbirth, neonatal morbidity, and diabetes later in life. Good diabetic control must be maintained before and throughout the pregnancy to minimize the risk of these and other complications. Until such time as good control is achieved and the woman desires pregnancy, a reliable method of contraception should be used. Most recent research supports the use of barrier methods, low-dose monophasic or triphasic oral contraceptives, or progestin-only methods, at least for the short-term. Under some circumstances the intrauterine device may be an appropriate option. Long-term data regarding the use of these methods is lacking. The decision regarding which method of contraception is used should be made by the woman in consultation with her physician.
[Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher relative risk for vascular disease. Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Diabetic women also feature sexual dysfunctions much more frequently than non-diabetic women which should be addressed in clinical care. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
Leptin and vascular endothelial growth factor A: a cross-talk in obese women with gestational diabetes and with diabetes in pregnancy - a cohort study.; Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF A) synthesis is intensified by leptin in: hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1A) and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NfκB)-dependent manners. The study aimed to investigate the association between leptin and VEGF A serum levels in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy. Sixty obese pregnant women with hyperglycaemia were divided into groups according to body mass index (BMI): group 1: BMI 30.0-34.9 kg/m(2); group 2: BMI 35.0-39.9 kg/m(2); group 3: BMI ≥40 kg/m(2). On the enrolment visit, waist circumference, body mass and height were measured. At visit 1 (V1; gestational week (GW) 28-32) and visit 2 (V2; GW 36-38), anthropometric, blood pressure and heart rate measurements, and blood sample collection were performed. Blood levels of leptin, VEGF A, VEGF receptor 2, HIF-1A, NfκB, interleukin 1 alpha, protein delta homolog 1, nitric oxide and glycated haemoglobin were determined. To analyse the predictors of the biochemical parametres involved in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk, multivariate logistic regression was implemented. Positive correlations between serum levels of leptin and VEGF A were found. Serum level of HIF-1A at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of the serum levels of VEGF A at V1 and V2. Leptin serum level at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of HIF-1A serum concentration at V2. In group 3 HIF-1A level was higher at V2 compared to V1. We conclude that in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy there is a significant positive influence of serum leptin on VEGF A synthesis and serum level and HIF-1A seems to play more important role in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk than NfκB.
Pregnancy Complications in Women with Weight Loss Surgery Compared to a Non-Surgical Population of Women with Obesity.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of WLS on pregnancy and delivery complications in women who had WLS compared to women with obesity who did not undergo WLS. METHODS: We used the National Inpatient Sample data from 2012 to 2017, with a study population of women between the ages of 20 and 44 who had a maternal admission code in the NIS data (n = 663,795). Weighted logistic regression models were fitted and the models were stratified by race. Covariates included age, race, primary payer, previous cesarean delivery, physical health comorbidities, and depression. RESULTS: There were decreased odds of gestational diabetes in women of all races (aOR(all) = 0.47, 95% CI(all) = 0.44-0.49). There were decreased odds for gestational hypertension in women of all races (aOR(all) = 0.55, 95% CI(all) = 0.51-0.59). Compared to women who did not have WLS, there were lower odds of cesarean delivery among women with a history of WLS (aOR(all) = 0.62, 95% CI(all) = 0.60-0.65), which was true for White women, Black women, and Latinas with a history of WLS (aOR(White) = 0.57, 95% CI(White) = 0.53-0.60; aOR(Black) = 0.67, 95% CI(Black) = 0.61-0.74; aOR(Latina) = 0.71, 95% CI(Latina) = 0.64-0.78). CONCLUSIONS: Overall, women with history of WLS had lower odds of most of the pregnancy outcomes (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and cesarean delivery) with results mediated by race.
Association of maternal nutrition with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether maternal nutritional factors are associated with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism (HI). DESIGN AND SETTING: Case control study in 4 French tertiary Obstetrics and Neonatology Departments between 2008 and 2015. METHODS: Sixty-seven mothers of neonates diagnosed with transient hyperinsulinism and 113 mothers of controls were included. The screening for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in neonates was performed because of clinical symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia or in the presence of conventional risk factors (small-for-gestational-age, prematurity, anoxo-ischemia, hypothermia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes). Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia was confirmed in the HI neonates and ruled out in the controls. This allowed for comparing maternal nutrition in cases and controls in a context of similar risk factors. One to 2 mothers of control neonates were included per case, and a food frequency questionnaire was addressed to the mothers between day 5 and day 10 after the birth of their newborn. RESULTS: Crude odds ratio showed that maternal weight gain, abnormal fetal rate, C-section, gender, consumption of fresh cooked vegetables, fresh fruits and fruit juices, low fat diary products, light fat products, and daily bread were significantly associated with hyperinsulinism. Maternal body mass index, hypertension, gestational diabetes, birth weight percentile, gestational age and 5-minute Apgar score were not related to HI. In a multiple backward logistic regression model, consumption of fresh cooked vegetable ≥1/day (OR = 0.33 [0.14-0.77]) and light-fat products ≥1/week (OR = 0.24 [0.08-0.71]) was protective against hyperinsulinism, whereas gestational weight gain >20 kg (OR = 9.5 [2.0-45.5]) and between 15-20 kg (OR = 4.0 [1.2-14.0]), abnormal fetal heart rate (OR = 4.4 [1.6-12.0]), and C-section (OR = 3.4 [1.3-8.9]) were risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in fresh cooked vegetable and reduced in fat, together with the avoidance of a high gestational weight gain may be protective against transient neonatal hyperinsulinism.
In vivo mitochondria-targeted protection against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling in rodent hypoxic pregnancy.; Gestational hypoxia adversely affects uterine artery function, increasing complications. However, an effective therapy remains unidentified. Here, we show in rodent uterine arteries that hypoxic pregnancy promotes hypertrophic remodelling, increases constrictor reactivity via protein kinase C signalling, and triggers compensatory dilatation via nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms and stimulation of large conductance Ca(2+) -activated K(+) -channels. Maternal in vivo oral treatment with the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ in hypoxic pregnancy normalises uterine artery reactivity and prevents vascular remodelling. From days 6-20 of gestation (term ∼22 days), female Wistar rats were randomly assigned to normoxic or hypoxic (13-14% O(2) ) pregnancy ± daily maternal MitoQ treatment (500 µm in drinking water). At 20 days of gestation, maternal, placental and fetal tissue was frozen to determine MitoQ uptake. The uterine arteries were harvested and, in one segment, constrictor and dilator reactivity was determined by wire myography. Another segment was fixed for unbiased stereological analysis of vessel morphology. Maternal administration of MitoQ in both normoxic and hypoxic pregnancy crossed the placenta and was present in all tissues analysed. Hypoxia increased uterine artery constrictor responses to norepinephrine, angiotensin II and the protein kinase C activator, phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate. Hypoxia enhanced dilator reactivity to sodium nitroprusside, the large conductance Ca(2+) -activated K(+) -channel activator NS1619 and ACh via increased nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms. Uterine arteries from hypoxic pregnancy showed increased wall thickness and MitoQ treatment in hypoxic pregnancy prevented all effects on uterine artery reactivity and remodelling. The data support mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy. KEY POINTS: Dysfunction and remodelling of the uterine artery are strongly implicated in many pregnancy complications, including advanced maternal age, maternal hypertension of pregnancy, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and pregnancy at high altitude. Such complications not only have immediate adverse effects on the growth of the fetus, but also they can also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in the mother and offspring. Despite this, there is a significant unmet clinical need for therapeutics that treat uterine artery vascular dysfunction in adverse pregnancy. Here, we show in a rodent model of gestational hypoxia that in vivo oral treatment of the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ protects against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling, supporting the use of mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy.
Detecting people at high risk of type 2 diabetes- How do we find them and who should be treated?; Diabetes is a chronic disease characterized by its silent and progressive nature. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) increases with age but with a worrying trend of increasingly young age of diagnosis. Compared to their counterparts with late onset of disease, these younger subjects face long disease duration with increased risk of diabetes-related complications. Besides, there is marked phenotypic heterogeneity which can interact with different interventions to give rise to variable clinical outcomes. Recognized at-risk groups include those with known atherosclerosis and vascular disease, genetic background (family history and non-White ethnic groups), phenotypes of insulin resistance (obesity, metabolic syndrome, women with gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, and men with androgen deficiency) and "pre-diabetes" (impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose). These risk factors interact to amplify the risk for diabetes, thus emphasizing the importance of comprehensive assessment. Raising awareness and health literacy, regular screening of high risk subjects, structured lifestyle modification program including early use of pharmacological agents, targeting at predominant pathophysiological defects offers a personalized approach to prevent this global hazard.
Correlates of the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women in the San Juan Metropolitan area of Puerto Rico.; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome is an interaction of risk factors that may lead to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Given the need for data in Puerto Rico, this cross-sectional study aimed to determine the association between demographic, lifestyles, and reproductive characteristics and the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women (N = 564) in the San Juan Metropolitan Area. The metabolic syndrome was defined based on the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. RESULTS: In multivariate logistic regression models, women aged 40-59 and 60-79 years were 3.03 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.70, 5.40] and 7.05 (95% CI, 3.69, 13.49) times more likely, respectively, to have the metabolic syndrome as compared to those aged 21-39 years. A dose-response relationship was also observed between body mass index (BMI) and metabolic syndrome. Physical activity reduced the odds for metabolic syndrome [prevalence odds ratios (POR) = 0.64; 95% CI, 0.41, 1.01]; however, this association was marginally significant (P = 0.05). Among reproductive characteristics, only women who had a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) were 2.14 (95% CI, 1.02, 4.51) times more likely to have metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Consistent with previous studies, increased age and BMI, physical inactivity, and GDM are associated with the metabolic syndrome in this population. This information is relevant for the development of preventive interventions for the metabolic syndrome.
Synthesizing Core Outcome Sets for outcomes research in cohort studies: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Life course studies are designed to "collect once, use multiple times" for observational and, increasingly, interventional research. Core Outcome Sets (COS) are minimum sets developed for clinical trials by multi-stakeholder consensus methodologies. We aimed to synthesize published COS that might guide outcomes selection for early life cohorts with an interventional focus. METHODS: We searched PubMed, Medline, COMET, and CROWN for COS published before January 2021 relevant to four life stages (pregnancy, newborns, children <8 years, and parents (adults aged 18-50 years)). We synthesized core outcomes into overarching constructs. RESULTS: From 46 COS we synthesized 414 core outcomes into 118 constructs. "Quality of life", "adverse events", "medication use", "hospitalization", and "mortality" were consistent across all stages. For pregnancy, common constructs included "preterm birth", "delivery mode", "pre-eclampsia", "gestational weight gain", "gestational diabetes", and "hemorrhage"; for newborns, "birthweight", "small for gestational age", "neurological damage", and "morbidity" and "infection/sepsis"; for pediatrics, "pain", "gastrointestinal morbidity", "growth/weight", "breastfeeding", "feeding problems", "hearing", "neurodevelopmental morbidity", and "social development"; and for adults, "disease burden", "mental health", "neurological function/stroke", and "cardiovascular health/morbidity". CONCLUSION: This COS synthesis generated outcome constructs that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), relevant to life course research, and could position cohorts for trial capabilities. IMPACT: We synthesized existing Core Outcome Sets as a transparent methodology that could prioritize outcomes for lifecourse cohorts with an interventional focus. "Quality of life", "adverse events", "medication use", "hospitalization", and "mortality" are important outcomes across pregnancy, newborns, childhood, and early-to-mid-adulthood (the age range relevant to parents). Other common outcomes (such as "birthweight", "cognitive function/ability", "psychological health") are also highly relevant to lifecourse research. This synthesis could assist new early life cohorts to pre-select outcomes that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), are relevant to lifecourse research, and could position them for future trials and interventional capability.
The clinical significance of an absent end-diastolic velocity in the umbilical artery detected before the 34th week of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical significance of absent or reversed (ARED) flow detected in the late second or early third trimester in the umbilical artery in high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: Eighty-three women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes or a suspected disorder of the fetus (e.g. small-for-gestational age) were included in this retrospective study. A constant finding of ARED flow in the umbilical artery was registered with the pulsed Doppler method between the 23+/-0 and 33+/-6 gestational weeks. Perinatal mortality (PNM) rates, Apgar scores and arterial umbilical pH values, birth weights, the frequency of SGA, gestational ages at birth, NICU (=neonatal intensive care unit) days, anomalic fetuses and the mode of delivery were registered. Mann-Whitney U-test and chi-squared test were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: The PNM in the entire group under study was 19.3% (16 infants/fetuses). The rate of structurally or chromosomally abnormal fetuses was 15.7% (13 infants/fetuses). When anomalic fetuses were excluded the PNM was 18.6%. No non-anomalic fetuses/newborns were lost in cases in which ARED was detected after the 30th week. No statistically significant difference was observed in PNM and SGA frequencies when comparing AEDV (absent end-diastolic velocity) fetuses with those who had REDV (reversed end-diastolic velocity). When anomalic fetuses were excluded the PNM rate in the AEDV group was 8.9% compared with the PNM rate of 35.7% in the REDV group; (p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: An early ARED finding (before the 34th week) in the umbilical artery signifies a marked warning signal of fetal distress. In these cases the rates of perinatal morbidity and mortality are very high, which is a reflection of the severity of the condition. The majority of fetuses can, however, be saved.
A review of the safety of clozapine during pregnancy and lactation.; Clozapine is an antipsychotic used in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, little is known about clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation, or its impact on the mother, foetus, and infant. This review aims to summarize the available literature on the safety of clozapine use during the perinatal period. EMBASE, PsycINFO, and MEDLINE were searched from their inceptions through June 2016. The review encompasses 21 studies that have examined clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation. The limited available data do not support an increased risk of congenital malformations in foetuses exposed to clozapine during pregnancy, though rates of gestational diabetes are twice as high in pregnant women using clozapine. Clozapine accumulation in foetal serum possibly contributes to increased rates of floppy infant syndrome at delivery, decreased foetal heart rate variability, and seizures in infancy. Clozapine crosses the placenta and also accumulates in breast milk, which may increase the risk of agranulocytosis in infants and may necessitate infant testing. The majority of these data come from case reports and case series, making it unclear if the published risks associated with clozapine are due to mental illness, lifestyle factors, or co-treatment with other psychotropic medications. While the available literature on clozapine use during the perinatal period is very limited, the risks of clozapine use during pregnancy and the postpartum period should be discussed with women and weighed against those associated with other treatments and partially or untreated schizophrenia.
Provider adherence to recommended prenatal care content: does it differ for obese women?; The objective of this study was to examine provider adherence to prenatal care (PNC) content in obese and non-obese women and perinatal outcomes in obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content. Provider adherence to PNC content (low <50%, medium 50-79%, and high ≥80%) was compared between obese (n = 69) and non-obese (n = 128) women in a linked database of deliveries to low-income, minority women from 2003 to 2004. Sample content items included procedures delivered at every visit (blood pressure, urinalysis, maternal weight, fetal heart rate check), timed screenings for birth defects and gestational diabetes, prenatal vitamin prescriptions, and depression screening. Weight gain, preterm deliveries, cesareans, and birthweight were compared between obese women with low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content using multivariable logistic regression. High provider adherence to an eight-item PNC content score (56.3 vs. 66.5%, p = 0.02) and depression screening (2.0 vs. 11.4%, p = 0.001) were both lower for obese versus non-obese women. Among obese women, there were no differences by level of provider adherence to PNC content in preterm delivery, cesareans, and low birth weight, but obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence were more likely to gain ≥20 lbs (aOR 5.5, 95% CI 1.3-23.3). Providers may be administering PNC differently to obese and non-obese women. PNC for obese women who are at high risk of adverse perinatal outcomes needs to be addressed especially as it relates to depression screening and gestational weight gain.
Long-term effects on offspring of intrauterine exposure to deficits in nutrition.; The number of cell divisions during embryonic and fetal life makes the embryo/fetus particularly vulnerable to effects resulting from exposure to an adverse intrauterine environment. Exposure to drugs and irradiation at this stage of development are able to cause congenital malformations and various cancers in later life. In-utero exposure to hyperglycaemia is able to lead to future diabetes that is heritable, but not genetic in origin. Fetal malnutrition causing growth restriction is able to lead to an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension and ischaemic heart disease in later life, especially if the growth restriction is followed by catch-up growth postnatally. This review discusses the various mechanisms by which these effects may occur, and presents the difficulties that will have to be faced if their world-wide health burdens are to be reduced.
Interventions to Mitigate Risk of Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Review.; IMPORTANCE: A growing body of evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth, and intrauterine growth restriction, are associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic disease and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may therefore represent an opportunity to intervene to prevent or delay onset of CVD. The objective of this review was to summarize the current evidence for targeted postpartum interventions and strategies to reduce CVD risk in women with a history of APOs. OBSERVATIONS: A search of PubMed and Ovid for English-language randomized clinical trials, cohort studies, descriptive studies, and guidelines published from January 1, 2000, to April 30, 2021, was performed. Four broad categories of interventions were identified: transitional clinics, lifestyle interventions, pharmacotherapy, and patient and clinician education. Observational studies suggest that postpartum transitional clinics identify women who are at elevated risk for CVD and may aid in the transition to longitudinal primary care. Lifestyle interventions to increase physical activity and improve diet quality may help reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD; less is known about women with other prior APOs. Metformin hydrochloride may prevent development of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD. Evidence is lacking in regard to specific pharmacotherapies after other APOs. Cardiovascular guidelines endorse using a history of APOs to refine CVD risk assessment and guide statin prescription for primary prevention in women with intermediate calculated 10-year CVD risk. Research suggests a low level of awareness of the link between APOs and CVD among both patients and clinicians. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that transitional clinics, lifestyle intervention, targeted pharmacotherapy, and clinician and patient education represent promising strategies for improving postpartum maternal cardiometabolic health in women with APOs; further research is needed to develop and rigorously evaluate these interventions. Future efforts should focus on strategies to increase maternal postpartum follow-up, improve accessibility to interventions across diverse racial and cultural groups, expand awareness of sex-specific CVD risk factors, and define evidence-based precision prevention strategies for this high-risk population.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and renal-vascular function in the early years after delivery.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs: hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and placental disorders) are associated with cardiovascular disease risk or blood volume abnormalities. Traditional risk factors might not identify highest risk people in the early years after APO deliveries. Test the hypothesis that vascular function is worse, and plasma volume-regulating renal hormones are lower after delivery in people who did versus did not have an APO. Adult participants 6 mo-3 years postdelivery of a singleton infant participated in this cross-sectional study. Exclusion criteria included current smoking, current use of certain medications, and diabetes outside of pregnancy. Differences in measurements between participants with versus without APOs were determined with t tests or Wilcoxon tests. Associations of renal hormones with APO history were assessed with linear regression, adjusted for age, race, body mass index (BMI), and sodium consumption. Of 86 participants, 38 (44%) had an APO history. Those with APOs were more likely to identify as Black and had a higher BMI, 34.0 kg/m(2) [interquartile range (IQR), 24.6, 39.3] versus 24.2 kg/m(2) [IQR, 21.2, 31.3], P < 0.05. Most brachial and all aortic blood pressures were higher in those with APOs: median aortic blood pressure was 102/74 versus 96/68 mmHg, P ≤ 0.05. There were no differences in arterial stiffness or endothelial function between groups. Aldosterone was lower (54 [IQR, 28-84] vs. 80 [IQR, 39-150] pmol/L) in participants with past APOs. Blood pressures were higher, and aldosterone was lower in participants with past APOs. Associations of aldosterone with APO history persisted after adjustment. Neither renin nor aldosterone were related to vascular function.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Traditional CVD risk factors may not fully capture excess CVD risk soon after APOs. Vascular dysfunction and plasma volume irregularities may be detectable. We found people with APOs had worse blood pressures, higher BMI, and lower aldosterone levels versus those without APOs in the early years after delivery. Vascular function was similar between groups. Future research should assess vascular function and renal hormones at multiple timepoints during the perinatal period.
Aplastic anemia associated with pregnancy: maternal and fetal complications.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze obstetric complications associated with aplastic anemia (AA) among pregnant women and analyze the underlying factors. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of 60 pregnancies with AA. Thirty four of these patients were grouped as complicated group having obstetric complications and the rest 26 without complications as the control group. Comparative analysis was conducted to access the related risk factors, which may affect the maternal and fetal complications. RESULTS: The major maternal complications in this study were premature labor, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, acute heart failure, postpartum hemorrhage, and severe postpartum infection. Premature birth, fetal growth restriction and stillbirths accounted for 27.3%, 5.0% and 6.7% of prenatal mortality. Twenty six of patients had uncomplicated pregnancies. Patients without complications had higher mean hemoglobin concentration (75.38 ± 16.19 g/L) and platelet counts (23.92 ± 14.82 × 10(9) cells/L) than did women with complications (mean hemoglobin concentration, 61.47 ± 15.15 g/L, p = 0.001; mean platelet counts, 12.11 ± 7.87 × 10(9) cells/L, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Pregnancies associated with AA can carry the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications. Low hemoglobin concentration and platelet counts may be the primary risk factors for obstetric complications in pregnancies associated with AA.
In-patient management of diabetes mellitus and patient satisfaction.; AIMS: To devise a system for assessing in-patient glycaemic control and care satisfaction in diabetic patients admitted to hospital for reasons other than their diabetes. METHODS: Consecutive January to March 2001 case-notes were reviewed. Admissions with acute metabolic complications, acute myocardial infarction and pregestational or gestational diabetes were excluded. Glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring and management of hyperglycaemia were recorded. The diabetes treatment satisfaction questionnaire was used to assess preadmission satisfaction with care. Post-admission a 12-stem questionnaire was used to assess satisfaction with in-patient diabetes management. RESULTS: Hypoglycaemia was common. Although none developed a hyperglycaemic emergency, high blood glucose was prevalent and, frequently, persistent hyperglycaemia or recurrent hypoglycaemia was not acted on appropriately. The overall score for in-patient satisfaction with treatment was fair (4.1 +/- 1.8 on a six-point scale; 6 = very satisfied and 1 = very dissatisfied). Scores were higher among patients on surgical wards than on medical wards (P = 0.008), but satisfaction did not vary when patients were stratified according to sex, age and mode of treatment. CONCLUSION: Current systems are not achieving satisfactory in-patient glycaemic control and there is poor satisfaction with medical in-patient diabetes care. Following changes intended to produce improvements, this assessment system can be used recurrently to monitor in-patient care and satisfaction.
Obesity in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence and provide recommendations for the counselling and management of obese parturients. OUTCOMES: Outcomes evaluated include the impact of maternal obesity on the provision of antenatal and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. EVIDENCE: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to April 2009. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. VALUES: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal Fetal Medicine and Clinical Practice Obstetric Committees of the SOGC under the leadership of the principal authors, and recommendations were made according to guidelines developed by the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. BENEFITS, HARMS, AND COSTS: Implementation of the recommendations in this guideline should increase recognition of the issues clinicians need to be aware of when managing obese women in pregnancy, improve communication and consultation amongst the obstetrical care team, and encourage federal and provincial agencies to educate Canadians about the values of entering pregnancy with as healthy a weight as possible. RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Periodic health examinations and other appointments for gynaecologic care prior to pregnancy offer ideal opportunities to raise the issue of weight loss before conception. Women should be encouraged to enter pregnancy with a BMI < 30 kg/m(2), and ideally < 25 kg/m(2). (III-B). 2. BMI should be calculated from pre-pregnancy height and weight. Those with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m(2) are considered obese. This information can be helpful in counselling women about pregnancy risks associated with obesity. (II-2B). 3. Obese pregnant women should receive counselling about weight gain, nutrition, and food choices. (II-2B). 4. Obese women should be advised that they are at risk for medical complications such as cardiac disease, pulmonary disease, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. Regular exercise during pregnancy may help to reduce some of these risks. (II-2B). 5. Obese women should be advised that their fetus is at an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, and appropriate screening should be done. (II-2B). 6. Obstetric care providers should take BMI into consideration when arranging for fetal anatomic assessment in the second trimester. Anatomic assessment at 20 to 22 weeks may be a better choice for the obese pregnant patient. (II-2B). 7. Obese pregnant women have an increased risk of Caesarean section, and the success of vaginal birth after Caesarean section is decreased. (II-2B). 8. Antenatal consultation with an anaesthesiologist should be considered to review analgesic options and to ensure a plan is in place should a regional anaesthetic be chosen. (III-B). 9. The risk of venous thromboembolism for each obese woman should be evaluated. In some clinical situations, consideration for thromboprophylaxis should be individualized. (III-B).
The role of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in neonatal outcome.; AIMS: To determine the role of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in predicting the occurrence of septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of mothers with diabetes. METHODS/MATERIALS: In this prospective study, 100 pregnant women (50 with diabetes and 50 controls), matched for age and race, were studied. One intrapartum blood sample was taken at 28 weeks of gestation from both groups of mothers and another sample at delivery. All samples were analysed for maternal IGF-I by an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay method. A chest radiograph and an electrocardiogram were performed on the babies of the mothers with diabetes within the first 24 hours of life. An echocardiogram was performed in the first 3 days of life to look for septal hypertrophy and to measure the myocardial thickness. RESULTS: In the six cases of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, all the mothers had greatly raised IGF-I concentrations of more than 400 ng/ml at the time of delivery compared with a mean (SD) of 302 (25) ng/ml in control mothers. CONCLUSIONS: In the present study a crude analysis revealed that increased IGF-I concentrations correlate with neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Pregnancy after age 50: defining risks for mother and child.; Assisted reproductive technology using donor-egg in vitro fertilization (D-IVF) has enabled women 50 years and above to successfully achieve pregnancy. We examine the safety profile of these pregnancies through a large, single-center case series and retrospective cohort analysis in which all participants were carefully screened medically prior to conception. Consecutive women aged ≥ 50 years (n = 101) who achieved a viable pregnancy via D-IVF were identified and their perinatal outcomes were recorded. These data were compared with control data from younger (≤ 42 years) recipients of D-IVF (n = 41) who also achieved a viable pregnancy at our center during the same period. Compared with the younger women, older recipients had statistically similar rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (23% versus 14%, odds ratio [OR] 1.9 [0.65 to 5.4]), gestational diabetes (4.0% versus 3.0%, OR 1.4 [0.15 to 113.0]), preterm premature rupture of membranes/preterm labor (8.9% versus 14%, OR 0.59 [0.18 to 1.9]), and abnormal placentation (2.1% versus 0%). Cesarean delivery was high in women ≥ 50 (81% of singletons, 100% of multiples). There was one maternal death, which occurred before delivery in a 49-year-old woman who would have been 50 at term had she survived, presumably secondary to myocardial infarction. Primary neonatal outcomes of gestational age and birth weight were excellent and similar between groups. Women ≥ 50 years who achieve pregnancy via D-IVF are at high risk for maternal complications, particularly hypertensive disorders and cesarean section, but at rates similar to those seen in younger recipients.
Severe maternal morbidity and other perinatal complications among women with physical, sensory, or intellectual and developmental disabilities.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about severe maternal morbidity (SMM) among women with disabilities. OBJECTIVE: We assessed differences in SMM and other perinatal complications by presence and type of disability. We hypothesised that SMM and other complications would be more common in births to women with disabilities than to women without disabilities. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of California births from 2000 to 2012, using birth and death certificate data linked with hospital discharge data. We included singleton deliveries with gestational age of 23-42 weeks. We classified women as having any disability or not and identified disability type (physical, hearing, vision, intellectual/developmental disabilities [IDD]). Our primary outcome was a composite indicator of SMM. Secondary outcomes included additional perinatal complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, chorioamnionitis, puerperal endometritis and mental health disorders complicating pregnancy, childbirth or the puerperium. We used modified Poisson regression to obtain covariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of disability status and type with SMM and secondary outcomes. RESULTS: Of 5,787,090 deliveries, 33,044 (0.6%) were to women with disabilities. Of these, 311 per 10,000 were complicated by SMM, compared with 84 per 10,000 deliveries to women without disabilities. In multivariable analyses, risk of SMM for births to women with disabilities was nearly three times that for women without disabilities (RR 2.84, 95% CI 2.67, 3.02). Proportion and risk of SMM were greatest for vision disability (793 per 10,000; RR 4.04, 95% CI 3.41, 4.78). Secondary outcomes were also more common among women with disabilities. In particular, more than a third of births to women with IDD (37.4%) were complicated by mental health disorders (versus 2.2% for women without disabilities). CONCLUSION: As hypothesised, SMM and other perinatal complications were more common among women with disabilities than among women without disabilities.
[Influence of glucose homeostasis on maturation and ontogenesis of fetus].; INTRODUCTION: The aim of the paper is to examine the incidence and the rate of cardio respiratory disorders in mothers of newborns with diabetes mellitus in pregnancy as well as their influence on the perinatal outcome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective and random study included 102 newborns, 31 newborns of mothers with glucose homeostasis disorder (group I) and 71 newborns of healthy mothers (group II). The average age, body height, body weight, body mass index, parity and illness duration of the pregnant women were recorded as well as the delivery method Every newborn underwent physical examination in order to determine the Apgar score, body weight and length. Electrocardiogram, brain ultrasound and the basic hematology biochemical and microbiological analysis were done as well. RESULTS: The average weight and obesity incidence were higher in diabetic women than in the control group and their newborns were heavier and of lower gestational age. Heart failures were diagnosed in 5 (1612%) newborns of diabetic mothers and in 1 (1.4%) of a healthy pregnant woman (p<0.01). Respiratory disorders were diagnosed in 48.4% of newborns of diabetic mothers and 12.64% of healthy mothers (p<0.01). Additional oxygen was needed by 42% of newborns of diabetic mothers and 19.7% of newborns of healthy mothers. CONCLUSION: Congenital anomalies of cardiovascular system and respiratory disorders were 6-8 times more frequent in newborns of diabetic mothers than in newborns of healthy mothers.
Maternal nutrition: effects on health in the next generation.; Nearly 20 years ago, it was discovered that low birthweight was associated with an increased risk of adult diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). This led to the hypothesis that exposure to undernutrition in early life increases an individual's vulnerability to these disorders, by 'programming' permanent metabolic changes. Implicit in the programming hypothesis is that improving the nutrition of girls and women could prevent common chronic diseases in future generations. Research in India has shown that low birthweight children have increased CVD risk factors, and a unique birth cohort in Delhi has shown that low infant weight, and rapid childhood weight gain, increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Progress has been made in understanding the role of specific nutrients in the maternal diet. In the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, low maternal vitamin B12 status predicted increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, especially if the mother was folate replete. It is not only maternal undernutrition that causes problems; gestational diabetes, a form of foetal overnutrition (glucose excess), is associated with increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, highlighting the adverse effects of the 'double burden' of malnutrition in developing countries, where undernutrition and overnutrition co-exist. Recent intervention studies in several developing countries have shown that CVD risk factors in the offspring can be improved by supplementing undernourished mothers during pregnancy. Results differ according to the population, the intervention and the post-natal environment. Ongoing studies in India and elsewhere seek to understand the long-term effects of nutrition in early life, and how best to translate this knowledge into policies to improve health in future generations.
Disparities in Cardiovascular Care and Outcomes for Women From Racial/Ethnic Minority Backgrounds.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in cardiovascular care are well-documented. This review aims to highlight the disparities and impact on a group particularly vulnerable to disparities, women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. RECENT FINDINGS: Women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds remain underrepresented in major cardiovascular trials, limiting the generalizability of cardiovascular research to this population. Certain cardiovascular risk factors are more prevalent in women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds, including traditional risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, and diabetes. Female-specific risk factors including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia as well as non-traditional psychosocial risk factors like depressive and anxiety disorders, increased child care, and familial and home care responsibility have been shown to increase risk for cardiovascular disease events in women more so than in men, and disproportionately affect women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Despite this, minimal interventions to address differential risk have been proposed. Furthermore, disparities in treatment and outcomes that disadvantage minority women persist. The limited improvement in outcomes over time, especially among non-Hispanic Black women, is an area that requires further research and active interventions. SUMMARY: Understanding the lack of representation in cardiovascular trials, differential cardiovascular risk, and disparities in treatment and outcomes among women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds highlights opportunities for improving cardiovascular care among this particularly vulnerable population.
Developmental programming by maternal obesity: Lessons from animal models.; The obesity epidemic has led to more women entering pregnancy overweight or obese. In addition to adverse short-term outcomes, maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes predispose offspring to developing obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood through developmental programming. Human epidemiological studies, although vital in identifying associations, are often unable to address causality and mechanistic studies can be limited by the lack of accessibility of key metabolic tissues. Furthermore, multi-generational studies take many years to complete. Integration of findings from human studies with those from animal models has therefore been critical in moving forward this field that has been termed the 'Developmental Origins of Health and Disease'. This review summarises the evidence from animal models and highlights how animal models provide valuable insight into the maternal factors responsible for developmental programming, potential critical developmental windows, sexual dimorphism, molecular mechanisms and age-related offspring outcomes throughout life. Moreover, we describe how animal models are vital to explore clinically relevant interventions to prevent adverse offspring outcomes in obese or glucose intolerant pregnancy, such as antioxidant supplementation, exercise and maternal metformin treatment.
Diabetes and oral contraception.; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is increasing dramatically worldwide, resulting in more and more women of reproductive age being affected by either type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Management of contraception is a major issue due to the specific risks associated with pregnancy and those potentially induced by hormonal contraceptives in diabetic women. This review emphasizes the urgent need to improve the use of contraception in women with diabetes. There is no consistent evidence that combined oral contraceptives significantly influence the risk of developing diabetes, even in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Furthermore, although data from specific studies remain sparse, no worsening effect has been reported in diabetic women, either in glycemic control or on the course of microvascular complications. Thus, the use of estroprogestive pills is now recognized as a safe and effective option for preconception care of women with uncomplicated diabetes. According to recent guidelines, these contraceptives must be avoided in case of associated cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease or severe microvascular complications such as nephropathy with proteinuria or active proliferative retinopathy. Prescription of combined hormonal contraception in type 2 diabetic women must also be considered with caution due to a frequent association with obesity and vascular risk factors which increase both thromboembolic and arterial risks. Thanks to their metabolic and vascular safety profile, progestin-only contraceptives, as well as non-hormonal methods, represent alternatives according to patient wishes.
Systematic review: Impact of resveratrol exposure during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes in animal models of human pregnancy complications-Are we ready for the clinic?; Resveratrol (RSV) has been reported to have potential beneficial effects in the complicated pregnancy. Various pregnancy complications lead to a suboptimal in utero environment that impacts fetal growth during critical windows of development. Detrimental structural changes to key organ systems in utero persist into adult life and predispose offspring to an increased risk of chronic non-communicable metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The aim of this systematic review was to determine the effect of gestational RSV exposure on both maternal and fetal outcomes. Publicly available databases (n = 8) were searched for original studies reporting maternal and/or fetal outcomes after RSV exposure during pregnancy irrespective of species. Of the 115 studies screened, 31 studies were included in this review. RSV exposure occurred for different durations across a range of species (Rats n = 18, Mice n = 7, Japanese Macaques n = 3 and Sheep n = 3), models of complicated pregnancy (eg. maternal dietary manipulations, gestational diabetes, maternal hypoxia, teratogen exposure, etc.), dosages and administration routes. Maternal and fetal outcomes differed not only based on the model of complicated pregnancy assessed but also as a result of species. Given the heterogenic nature of these studies, further investigation assessing RSV exposure during the complicated pregnancy is warranted. In order to make an informed decision regarding the use of RSV to intervene in pregnancy complications, we suggest a minimum data set for consideration in future studies.
Associations between Diet Quality and Allostatic Load in US Adults: Findings from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2015-2018.; BACKGROUND: Allostatic load (AL), the concept of cumulative biological risk from chronic stressful exposures, may provide a framework with which to examine the links between diet, physiological stress, and disease. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the associations between diet quality and AL. DESIGN: This cross-sectional study was conducted using the 2015 through 2018 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Dietary intake was assessed using two 24-hour diet recalls. Diet quality was measured using the Healthy Eating Index 2015. AL was measured by a composite score of nine biochemical markers, with three or more dysregulated values signaling elevated AL. All markers were collected during a physical examination. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: This study was conducted in a nationally representative population of 5,343 US adults aged 19 years or older who had no prior diagnosis of diabetes (except gestational diabetes), cancer (except skin cancer), or cardiovascular disease; were not pregnant; and had complete dietary intake and AL biomarker data. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcome was odds of elevated AL. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Accounting for the complex survey design of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between Healthy Eating Index 2015 score and elevated AL, adjusting for sociodemographic variables. RESULTS: A significant inverse association between AL and diet quality was observed among adults aged 31 years and older but not among those aged 19 to 30 years. Among adults aged 31 years and older, those in higher quintiles of Healthy Eating Index 2015 score had significantly lower odds of elevated AL compared with the lowest quintile (P for trend < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that, in adults older than age 30 years, consuming a more healthful diet is inversely associated with AL.
Gestational Weight Gain: Achieving a Healthier Weight Between Pregnancies.; Rates of obesity continue to be a cause of morbidity and mortality, requiring intervention. Excessive gestational weight gain is related to postpartum weight retention and subsequent development of obesity, which translates into higher risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes in future pregnancies and long-term excess cardiovascular disease and cancer for the mothers. Limiting gestational weight gain to within recommended limits prevents postpartum weight retention. This article provides an overview of methods and practices aimed at helping women achieve a healthy weight between pregnancies by improving gestational weight gain. These interventions include lifestyle behavioral changes, diet and exercise, and motivational interviewing.
Reference values for neonatal thyroid volumes in a moderately iodine-deficient area.; BACKGROUND: The reference ranges of thyroid volumes in neonates vary according to the iodine status of a specific region. In different studies, it ranged between 0.47 and 1.62 ml. It has been previously shown that Bursa city was a moderately iodine-deficient area. We therefore aimed at determining normal reference ranges of neonatal thyroid volumes in our moderately iodine-deficient area. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, thyroid volumes of 100 healthy fullterm neonates (51 boys and 49 girls; mean gestational age 38.9+/-1.1 weeks; and mean birth-weight 3370+/-446 g) were measured during the first week of life using thyroid ultrasonography. These data were compared with the gestational age, birth weight, gender, and TSH values of neonates as well as with maternal factors such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, smoking, medication use, and heart disease. RESULTS: All blood samples for TSH were taken during the first 5 days (mean 1.09+/-0.9 days). The mean TSH levels in all male and female neonates were 3.77+/-3.71, 4.57+/-3.61, and 2.93+/-3.66 mIU/l, respectively. This difference was statistically significant (p=0.006). Mean thyroid volumes for all male and female neonates were calculated as 0.82+/-0.18 (range 0.51-2.04), 0.84+/-0.21 (range 0.51-2.04), and 0.80+/-0.14 ml (range 0.58-1.30), respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in thyroid volumes with respect to gestational age, birth weight, gender, TSH values of neonates and maternal factors. CONCLUSION: Normal thyroid volumes in neonates vary between different regions. Local reference values should be used in thyroid volume assessment. Our results are in concordance with the literature and can be used as reference values for our region.
Acute appendicitis and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a nationwide population-based study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Acute appendicitis is the most common non-obstetric surgical procedure in pregnant women. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without appendicitis in Taiwan. METHODS: This study used two nationwide population-based datasets: the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset and the Taiwan national birth certificate registry. This study included 908 women who had live singleton births and who had been hospitalized with a diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and another randomly selected 4,540 women as a comparison group. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to calculate the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including low birth weight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), congenital anomalies, Apgar scores at 5 min (<7), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. RESULTS: The adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, and congenital anomalies in women with acute appendicitis were 1.82 (95 % CI = 1.43-2.30), 1.59 (95 % CI = 1.25-2.02), 1.33 (95 % CI = 1.12-1.60), 1.24 (95 % CI = 1.07-1.44), and 2.07 (95 % CI = 1.07-4.03), respectively, compared with women without acute appendicitis after adjusting for highest maternal educational level, marital status, geographic region, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, coronary heart disease, anemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, infant sex and parity, and paternal age. CONCLUSIONS: There were increased risks for having LBW, preterm infants, SGA, congenital anomalies, and for experiencing CS among women with acute appendicitis than comparison women.
Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn in Late Preterm and Term Infants in California.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: There are limited epidemiologic data on persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We sought to describe the incidence and 1-year mortality of PPHN by its underlying cause, and to identify risk factors for PPHN in a contemporary population-based dataset. METHODS: The California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development maintains a database linking maternal and infant hospital discharges, readmissions, and birth and death certificates from 1 year before to 1 year after birth. We searched the database (2007-2011) for cases of PPHN (identified by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes), including infants ≥34 weeks' gestational age without congenital heart disease. Multivariate Poisson regression was used to identify risk factors associated with PPHN; results are presented as risk ratios, 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Incidence of PPHN was 0.18% (3277 cases/1 781 156 live births). Infection was the most common cause (30.0%). One-year mortality was 7.6%; infants with congenital anomalies of the respiratory tract had the highest mortality (32.0%). Risk factors independently associated with PPHN included gestational age <37 weeks, black race, large and small for gestational age, maternal preexisting and gestational diabetes, obesity, and advanced age. Female sex, Hispanic ethnicity, and multiple gestation were protective against PPHN. CONCLUSIONS: This risk factor profile will aid clinicians identifying infants at increased risk for PPHN, as they are at greater risk for rapid clinical deterioration.
Will feeding mothers prevent the Asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?; Evolutionary pressures have probably amplified the mechanisms for minimizing the impact of environmental factors through compensatory maternal mechanisms. Nevertheless, experimentally there are clear long-term programming effects of manipulations to the maternal diet on the likelihood of neural-tube defects associated with folate deficiency The fat/lean ratios of the newborn, and subsequent development, seem to be linked to amino acid or folate supply. An altered balance in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, which experimentally has profound effects on brain development, is induced by low-protein maternal diets. Such diets are linked to a reduced pancreatic capacity for insulin production and to an altered hepatic architecture, with a change in the control of glucose metabolism. Human studies suggest that what happens in pregnancy is modified by the child's diet in the first months of life. Low birthweight is linked to early stunting, and predisposes to abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome in later life. Metabolic syndrome amplifies the risks of diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease and probably some cancers. Mothers with gestational diabetes are themselves prone to early type 2 diabetes and produce heavier babies prone to childhood obesity and adolescent type 2 diabetes. There is increasing evidence of an intergenerational effect, with big babies being prone to excess weight gain, which then, in girls, predisposes them to diabetes in pregnancy, which, in turn, promotes an accelerating cycle of early diabetes in subsequent generations. Essential fatty acids and fat soluble vitamins are important, but we need early interventions and monitoring systems to justify coherent policies.
Maternal periodontal disease as a significant risk factor for low birth weight in pregnant women attending a secondary care hospital in South India: a case-control study.; CONTEXT: Periodontal disease (PD) is a common infection in the community; however, its relationship with low birth weight (LBW) has not been well-established. AIMS: The aim was to determine the association between maternal PD and LBW. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: A case-control (1:1) study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population comprised of women who delivered at the hospital during the study period (September 2011 to February 2012).Women between 18 and 35 years of age, who delivered singleton, live infants during study period with at least 18 teeth were enrolled. Those with pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, blood-borne viral infections, periodontal treatment within the past 6 months and valvular heart disease were excluded. Control population was parity matched to the cases. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED: Chi-square test, t-test and univariant and multivariant logistic regression were used to analyze various study findings, and level of significance was set at 5% (P<0.05). RESULTS: PD was independently associated with LBW (odds ratio: 4.94, 95% confidence interval: 1.03-23.65, P=0.045). Additionally, conventional risk factors such as maternal height (P=0.029), secondary schooling (<8 years of schooling) (P=0.001), socio-economic status (P=0.046), type of family (joint) (P=0.008), number of ante-natal visits (P=0.028) and gestational age at birth (<37 weeks) (P=0.045) showed significant association with LBW. CONCLUSIONS: There seems to be an association between PD and LBW independent of conventional risk factors. Women who had PD were 5 times more likely to deliver LBW infants.
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prenatal Risk Factors for Congenital Heart Disease: Maternal Chronic Diseases and Parental Exposures.; BACKGROUND: There is considerable heterogeneity in studies on prenatal risk factors for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). We performed a meta-analysis of all nongenetic factors of CHDs. This report presents results of factors related to maternal chronic diseases and parental exposures. METHODS: A systematic search encompassing concepts of CHD and risk factors was used, using the following inclusion criteria: (1) original peer-reviewed articles, (2) quantifying the effects of risk factors for CHDs, (3) between 1989 and 2022. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a random-effect model. RESULTS: Inclusion criteria were met for 170 studies. There was an association between being overweight or obese and CHDs (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.15-1.37), with a dose-effect relationship. Pregestational diabetes (PGDM) was associated with CHDs (OR, 3.51; 95% CI, 2.86-4.3), without difference between type 1 and type 2 PGDM. The effect size of gestational diabetes was less than that of PGDM (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.18-1.61). There was an association between CHDs and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.32-3.05), paternal smoking (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.03-1.70), and alcohol use (OR, 1.50; 95% CI, 1.08-2.08). A smaller association was found with maternal smoking and advanced maternal age. CONCLUSIONS: There exists robust evidence for increased risk of CHD in the presence of obesity, maternal diabetes, maternal smoking, and increased maternal age. The effect sizes were relatively modest, except for PGDM. The robustness of the evidence decreased when CHDs were divided into subgroups or when the analyses were restricted to severe CHDs.
Acute atherosis in vacuum suction biopsies of decidua basalis: An evidence based research definition.; BACKGROUND: Acute atherosis (AA) of the uteroplacental spiral arteries has been characterised by subendothelial lipid-laden foam cells, perivascular leukocyte infiltrates (PVI) and fibrinoid necrosis. Because precise diagnostic criteria are not available for comparative research studies we developed and tested new simplified criteria based on 237 cases. METHODS: Decidual basalis samples were collected by vacuum suction at elective cesarean deliveries. Spiral arteries were evaluated in serial decidual tissue sections from women with normal pregnancy, preeclampsia, and diabetes. Features of AA were sought in parallel sections stained with H&E and immunostained for CD68, cytokeratin CK7 and desmin, and costained with Periodic Acid Schiff (PAS). RESULTS: Foam cell lesions were defined as two or more adjacent, intramural, vacuolated CD68 positive cells, PVI as a focal perivascular lymphocyte accumulation, more dense than in the surrounding decidua. Increased fibrinoid (PAS positive) was identified if present in ≥75% of the arterial wall circumference. PVI and increased fibrinoid were significantly associated with preeclampsia but not specifically associated with the presence of foam cell lesions. Hence we diagnosed decidua basalis AA lesions solely by the presence of foam cell lesions, occurring in preeclampsia (37%), diabetes (10%) and healthy normotensive women (11%). The simplified criterion was reproducible by different investigators. Decidua basalis AA occurred most commonly and extensively in preeclampsia, but did not distinguish between preterm and term disease. DISCUSSION: Our evidence based criterion for decidua basalis AA diagnosis in vacuum suction biopsies may not apply to myometrial or decidua parietalis arteries. In decidual basalis samples it should facilitate comparisons between research studies, to improve pathophysiological understanding of AA and preeclampsia.
The Health Effects of Vitamin D and Probiotic Co-Supplementation: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Evidence of synergic health effects of co-supplementation with vitamin D and probiotics is emerging. Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses PRISMA statement, scientific databases and the grey literature were searched, and a narrative review and risk of bias assessment were conducted. Seven randomized controlled trials were included, which had low risk of bias. Six studies were double-blind, and once single-blind, extended over 6-12 weeks, and included 50-105 participants. Conditions explored included schizophrenia, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, osteopenia, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and infantile colic. Supplementation frequency was daily or bi-monthly, with mainly vitamin D3, and Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Streptococcus. Comparators were placebo, vitamin D, lower vitamin D dose, and probiotics and lower vitamin D dose. The co-supplementation yielded greater health benefits than its comparators did in all studies except in one assessing IBS. Beneficial effects included decreased disease severity, improved mental health, metabolic parameters, mainly insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia, inflammation, and antioxidative capacity, and lower use of healthcare. Co-supplementation of vitamin D and probiotics generated greater health benefits than its comparators did. More studies in other diseases and various populations are needed to confirm these findings and to elucidate the optimal form, composition, and frequency of this co-supplementation.
Glycemic control in the diabetic pregnancy: is tighter always better?; Glucose is the principal nutrient that the mother supplies to the fetus through the placenta by way of concentration-dependent mechanisms. In the presence of maternal hypoglycemia, with limited glucose supply, fetal hypoglycemia and hypoinsulinism ensue. This may be viewed as an adaptive mechanism to increase the chances of fetal survival in the face of limited maternal supply, albeit of a growth-restricted fetus. Fetal nutrient deprivation and the resulting hypoinsulinism may have both short- and long-term consequences. Intrauterine growth failure is associated with higher rates of gestational age-specific neonatal mortality and with long-term cognitive deficits. Furthermore, epidemiologic data suggest that diabetes, coronary artery disease, and hypertension are more common among adults who were small for gestational age at birth. Thus, pancreatic failure in adulthood may be either a response to excessive exposure to glucose as a result of maternal hyperglycemia, or as a result of hypoglycemia where nutrient deprivation leads to fetal growth restriction and reduced islet cell proliferation. Because low mean concentrations of maternal glucose in gestational diabetes are associated with an increased risk of fetal growth restriction, overzealous glycemic control during pregnancy may raise concerns regarding the possible effects on the infant. In the mother with Type 1 diabetes, strict glycemic control is often associated with an increased incidence of severe hypoglycemia. Up to 40% of women report at least one episode of severe hypoglycemia during pregnancy, requiring assistance by another person or professional intervention. It is quite possible that in some patients striving to optimize pregnancy outcome by maintaining the best possible glycemic control jeopardizes the well-being of the mother and the fetus. Thus, with respect to tight glycemic control of pregnant women with diabetes, the question arises: How tight is too tight? Is there a threshold below which the trade-off in terms of maternal morbidity as well as fetal growth restriction and its consequences outweighs the benefits of preventing the effects of maternal hyperglycemia?
Hypertensive pregnancy complications and maternal characteristics as predictors of cardiovascular health within ten years after delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the combination of maternal characteristics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) associated with hypertensive and other cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) within ten years following delivery. The aim is to understand who should receive the most intensive primary cardiovascular disease prevention. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective cohort study. MAIN OUTCOME: The population was the FINNPEC cohort (2008-2011), including women with (n = 1837) and without (n = 847) HDP. The main exposures were maternal hypertensive pregnancy complications linked with maternal pregnancy data from hospital records. The outcomes were hypertensive diseases and other CVDs (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision). RESULTS: Women with de novo pre-eclampsia (PE) had an elevated risk for hypertensive diseases within ten years following delivery. The risk of CVD was increased in women with superimposed PE and chronic hypertension (CHT) only. Women with de novo PE and hypertensive diseases were more often primiparous (41.4% vs. 23.0%, p = 0.020), had gestational diabetes (GDM) (31.0% vs. 11.7%, p = 0.002), and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) (28.7 ± 5.8 vs. 24.6 ± 4.8 kg/m(2), p = 0.001), compared with women who remained normotensive. Women with superimposed PE with CVD had more likely early-onset PE, preterm delivery and were older than women without later CVD. CONCLUSIONS: Healthcare professionals should target early prevention of CVDs in women with chronic hypertension during pregnancy; of those who developed superimposed PE prior to 34th weeks of gestation and who delivered preterm. Women with de novo PE who are overweight/obese, primiparous, and with concurrent GDM need regular blood pressure monitoring.
Association of hematological parameters with insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction in nondiabetic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies reported independent associations of hematological parameters with risk of incident type 2 diabetes, although limited data are available on associations of these parameters with insulin resistance (IR) and (especially) pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction in large epidemiological studies. Our objective was to evaluate the associations of hematological parameters, including hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (Hgb), red blood cell count (RBC), and white blood cell count with IR and beta-cell dysfunction in a cohort of nondiabetic subjects at high metabolic risk. METHODS: Nondiabetic subjects (n = 712) were recruited in Toronto and London, Ontario, Canada, between 2004 and 2006, based on the presence of one or more risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus including obesity, hypertension, a family history of diabetes, and/or a history of gestational diabetes. Fasting blood samples were collected and oral glucose tolerance tests administered, with additional samples for glucose and insulin drawn at 30 and 120 min. Measures of IR included the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index, whereas measures of beta-cell dysfunction included the insulinogenic index divided by HOMA-IR as well as the insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2. Associations of hematological parameters with IR and beta-cell dysfunction were assessed using multiple linear regression and analysis of covariance with adjustments for age, gender, ethnicity, smoking, cardiovascular disease, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and waist circumference. RESULTS: HOMA-IR increased across quartiles of HCT, Hgb, RBC, and white blood cell count after adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity, and smoking (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong stepwise decrease in the Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index across increasing quartiles of these hematological measures (all P (trend) <0.0001). The associations remained significant after further adjustment for previous cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and waist circumference (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong pattern of decreasing beta-cell function across increasing quartiles of all hematological patterns (all P (trend) <0.0001). The findings for HCT, Hgb, and RBC were attenuated slightly after full multivariate adjustment, although the trend across quartiles remained highly significant. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that standard, clinically relevant hematological variables may be related to the underlying pathophysiological changes associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Prevalence and determinants of ideal cardiovascular health in a latin women cohort: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Ideal cardiovascular health (CVH) sought to reduce cardiovascular (CV) morbidity and mortality. In Chile, CV mortality in women is high. The study's main aim was to determine the prevalence of ideal CVH, and the factors and behaviors associated with ideal CVH in women from Santiago de Chile. METHODS: Cross-sectional study in women between 35 - 70 years old who were selected through a probabilistic, multistage, and geographically stratified sampling. The study included a survey on demographic and CV risk factors and anthropometric, blood pressure, and biochemical measurements. Three categories were used to characterize low (0-2), intermediate (3-4), and high (5-7) levels of AHA's Ideal CVH index. We assessed the prevalence of ideal CVH by age, education level, and socioeconomic status and determined the independent associations of different variables with ideal CVH. FINDINGS: 620 women, mean age 51± 4 years old, were recruited. Ideal CVH prevalence was 14.3%; none of the women presented an ideal healthy diet, and only 22.6% reached an ideal BMI. The best predictors of ideal CVH were a high education level (OR= 2.85; 1.43 to 5.92; p < 0.01), having less than two alcoholic drinks per day (OR= 4.09; 1.60 to 13.77; p< 0.01), and having a pregnancy history without preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes (OR=1.94; 1.07 to 3.71; p=0.04). INTERPRETATION: This study demonstrates a low ideal CVH prevalence in Chilean women. Education level was a significant factor associated with ideal CVH. But also, women-specific risk factors, such as a history of preeclampsia/gestational diabetes, and alcohol consumption, were important factors related to CVH. FUNDING: This study was supported by grants from Fundación SOCHICAR de la Sociedad Chilena de Cardiología y Cirugía Cardiovascular, the American Heart Association and an unrestricted grant by TEVA Pharmaceuticals.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: effects of 2 years of gliclazide treatment--the Diadem Study.; Five thousand five hundred seventy-two newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3-month period with dietary and life-style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a GP-directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.6% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 +/- 48 v 137 +/- 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 +/- 68 v 162 +/- 52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A1c ([HbA1c] 8.7% +/- 2.5% v 7.3% +/- 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 +/- 44 v 222 +/- 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 +/- 4.7 v 27.9 +/- 4.5 kg/m2), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 +/- 0.1 v 0.98 +/- 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities.; Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and XO activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome.
Diagnosis of fetal ductus arteriosus aneurysm: importance of the three-vessel view.; OBJECTIVE: To present four cases of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) detected by fetal echocardiography and highlight the value of the three-vessel view in the diagnosis of DAA. METHODS: In addition to the standard fetal echocardiographic views, we examined the three-vessel view in four cases of DAA. The three-vessel view was achieved by sliding the transducer cranially from the four-chamber plane toward the fetal upper mediastinum to demonstrate cross-sections of the main pulmonary artery, the ascending aorta and superior vena cava arranged in a straight line from the left anterior to the right posterior aspect of the mediastinum. DAA was diagnosed when there was a tortuous ductus arteriosus with a dilation that protruded leftward of the aortic arch. CASE SERIES: In the first case, an insulin-dependent diabetic woman underwent fetal ultrasound examination at 36 weeks' gestation showing right-to-left cardiac disproportion and bidirectional flow in the aorta and main pulmonary artery (PA). The three-vessel view showed a dilated ductus arteriosus (DA) which was stenosed at its distal end. In the second case, a woman had fetal ultrasound scans at 38 and 39 weeks' gestation for suspected intrauterine growth restriction and oligohydramnios. The scans identified an abnormal aortic arch and the three-vessel view showed an elongated vascular structure at the distal end of the PA, which was the DAA. In the third case, a woman with a high-risk obstetric history had multiple scans showing an abnormal PA to aorta relationship, with an apparent 'kink' in the PA. The three-vessel view clarified that this was the DAA. In the fourth case, a woman was scanned because of a 3-kg weight gain in 1 week. The fetal ultrasound scan showed moderate polyhydramnios with normal fetal growth and normal intracardiac anatomy and flow, and the three-vessel view demonstrated a large DA. In each of these cases, the DAA appeared to have occurred in isolation with non-specific clinical findings. CONCLUSION: We advocate the use of the three-vessel view, in conjunction with the standard echocardiography views currently employed, to assist in the diagnosis of DAA.
In utero exposure to maternal diabetes exacerbates dietary sodium intake-induced endothelial dysfunction by activating cyclooxygenase 2-derived prostanoids.; Prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes has been recognized as a significant cardiovascular risk factor, increasing the susceptibility to the emergence of conditions such as high blood pressure, atherosclerosis, and heart disease in later stages of life. However, it is unclear if offspring exposed to diabetes in utero have worse vascular outcomes on a high-salt (HS) diet. To test the hypothesis that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, we treated adult male wild-type offspring (DM_Exp, 6 mo old) of diabetic Ins2(+/C96Y) mice (Akita mice) with HS (8% sodium chloride, 10 days) and analyzed endothelial function via wire myograph and cyclooxygenase (COX)-derived prostanoids pathway by ELISA, quantitative PCR, and immunochemistry. On a regular diet, DM_Exp mice did not manifest any vascular dysfunction, remodeling, or inflammation. However, HS increased aortic contractility to phenylephrine and induced endothelial dysfunction (analyzed by acetylcholine-induced endothelium-dependent relaxation), vascular hydrogen peroxide production, COX2 expression, and prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) overproduction. Interestingly, ex vivo antioxidant treatment (tempol) or COX1/2 (indomethacin) or COX2 (NS398) inhibitors improved or reverted the endothelial dysfunction in DM_Exp mice fed a HS diet. Finally, DM_Exp mice fed with HS exhibited greater circulating cytokines and chemokines accompanied by vascular inflammation. In summary, our findings indicate that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, primarily through the induction of oxidative stress and the generation of COX2-derived PGE(2). This supports the concept that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes is a cardiovascular risk factor in adulthood.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Using a unique mouse model of prenatal exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes, our study demonstrates the novel observation that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes results in a predisposition to high-salt (HS) dietary-induced vascular dysfunction and inflammation in adulthood. Mechanistically, we demonstrated that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes and HS intake induces vascular oxidative stress, cyclooxygenase-derived prostaglandin E(2), and inflammation.
The Electronic CardioMetabolic Program (eCMP) for Patients With Cardiometabolic Risk: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Effective lifestyle interventions targeting high-risk adults that are both practical for use in ambulatory care settings and scalable at a population management level are needed. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine the potential effectiveness, feasibility, and acceptability of delivering an evidence-based Electronic Cardio-Metabolic Program (eCMP) for improving health-related quality of life, improving health behaviors, and reducing cardiometabolic risk factors in ambulatory care high-risk adults. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, wait-list controlled trial with 74 adults aged ≥18 years recruited from a large multispecialty health care organization. Inclusion criteria were (1) BMI ≥35 kg/m(2) and prediabetes, previous gestational diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome, or (2) BMI ≥30 kg/m(2) and type 2 diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. Participants had a mean age of 59.7 years (SD 11.2), BMI 37.1 kg/m(2) (SD 5.4) and were 59.5% female, 82.4% white. Participants were randomized to participate in eCMP immediately (n=37) or 3 months later (n=37). eCMP is a 6-month program utilizing video conferencing, online tools, and pre-recorded didactic videos to deliver evidence-based curricula. Blinded outcome assessments were conducted at 3 and 6 months postbaseline. Data were collected and analyzed between 2014 and 2015. The primary outcome was health-related quality of life. Secondary outcomes included biometric cardiometabolic risk factors (eg, body weight), self-reported diet and physical activity, mental health status, retention, session attendance, and participant satisfaction. RESULTS: Change in quality of life was not significant in both immediate and delayed participants. Both groups significantly lost weight and reduced waist circumference at 6 months, with some cardiometabolic factors trending accordingly. Significant reduction in self-reported anxiety and perceived stress was seen in the immediate intervention group at 6 months. Retention rate was 93% at 3 months and 86% at 6 months post-baseline. Overall eCMP attendance was high with 59.5-83.8% of immediate and delayed intervention participants attending 50% of the virtual stress management and behavioral lifestyle sessions and 37.8-62.2% attending at least 4 out of 7 in-person physical activity sessions. The intervention received high ratings for satisfaction. CONCLUSIONS: The technology-assisted eCMP is a feasible and well-accepted intervention and may significantly decrease cardiometabolic risk among high-risk individuals. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02246400; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02246400 (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6h6mWWokP).
Islet cell antibodies in diabetes mellitus associated with a mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) gene mutation.; An A3243G point mutation of the mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) gene was detected in a Caucasian family with maternal diabetes mellitus and signs of mitochondrial dysfunction such as muscular hypotonia, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, stroke-like episodes (MELAS), neurosensory hearing loss, cardial pre-excitation, and short stature. Low levels (10 JDF) of islet cell antibodies (ICA) in insulin-treated diabetes of the mother and impaired glucose tolerance with high levels of ICA (80 JDF) in her older son indicated that mitochondrial diabetes mellitus may involve beta cell damage. Furthermore, exocrine pancreas cell damage may also occur since the stroke-like episodes of this son were combined with pancreatitis. In all family members HLA types and plasma antioxidants were determined. Normal concentrations of hydro- and lipophilic antioxidants (including ubiquinol-10) were found.
Trends in and Maternal Outcomes of Delivery Hospitalizations of Patients With an Asthma Diagnosis.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize asthma prevalence and outcomes during U.S. delivery hospitalizations. METHODS: For this repeated cross-sectional analysis, deliveries to women aged 15-54 years with asthma were identified in the 2000-2018 National Inpatient Sample, which approximates a 20% stratified sample of all hospitalizations nationally. Temporal trends in asthma were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percent change with 95% CIs. The association of asthma with other comorbid conditions was analyzed. The relationship between asthma and several adverse maternal outcomes was analyzed with unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models, with unadjusted odds ratios and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) as measures of effect. Risk for and trends in a composite of rare, but severe, respiratory complications also were analyzed. RESULTS: An estimated 73,109,790 delivery hospitalizations from 2000 to 2018 were included in the analysis, of which 2,221,644 (3.0%) had a diagnosis of asthma. (Unweighted, the study sample included 15,213,024 deliveries, of which 462,276 [3.0%] had a diagnosis of asthma.) Asthma diagnoses rose from 1.2% in 2000 to 5.3% in 2018, representing an average annual percent change of 8.3% (95% CI 7.4-9.2%). Asthma was more common among women with obesity and chronic hypertension. In adjusted analyses, asthma was associated with severe maternal morbidity (aOR 1.50, 95% CI 1.45-1.55), preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.26-1.30), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.19-1.24), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.16, 95% CI 1.15-1.18), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 1.18-1.21), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.65-1.95), and preterm delivery (aOR 1.27, 95% CI 1.25-1.29). From 2000 to 2018, severe respiratory complications decreased from 72 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma to 14 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma (average annual percent change -9.4%, 95% CI -13.3% to -5.3%). This decreasing risk was offset on a population level by an increase in the risk of asthma. CONCLUSION: Asthma is increasing during deliveries, is associated with adverse maternal outcomes, and is associated with comorbid conditions. Severe respiratory complications are decreasing proportionately among deliveries with asthma, but are stable on a population basis.
Effect of Borderline Personality Disorder on Obstetrical and Neonatal Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a serious mental disorder commonly associated with functional impairments and adverse health outcomes. Very little is known about BPD in pregnant women; hence, our study objective was to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2012. We identified births using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic and procedure codes and classified women by BPD status. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, adjusted for subject baseline characteristics. FINDINGS: During the study period, there were 989 births to women with BPD with an overall incidence of 11.65 in 100,000 births. Women with BPD were more likely younger, of lower socioeconomic status, smoked or used drugs, and had an underlying mental disorder. Unadjusted models revealed that BPD was associated with an increased risk of almost all adverse maternal and fetal outcomes we examined, the exception being post partum hemorrhage and instrumental delivery, which both had a null association with BPD, and induction of labor, which was negatively associated with BPD. Upon full adjustment, BPD was found to be associated with the following obstetrical and neonatal outcomes: gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.45; 95% CI, 1.13-1.85), premature rupture of the membranes (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.07-1.83), chorioamnionitis (OR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.14-2.39), venous thromboembolism (OR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.12-3.96), caesarian delivery (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.26-1.64), and preterm birth (OR, 1.54; 95% CI, 1.29-1.83). CONCLUSION: BPD is associated with several adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Hence, pregnant women who suffer from BPD should be monitored closely by a multidisciplinary health care team both before and during their pregnancies. This oversight would allow for the receipt of treatment for BPD and also interventions to help them to cease tobacco and drug use, which may ultimately decrease the incidence of poor obstetrical and neonatal outcomes.
Unexpected fetal death during pregnancy--a problem of unrecognized fetal disorders during antenatal care?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the causes of ante partum fetal death (APFD) and to evaluate the diagnostic methods for prevention. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A population-based retrospective study was conducted in 293091 deliveries from 1996 to 2000 in the State of Hesse, Germany. The investigations focus on mortality of infants during pregnancy, separated between singletons of 37-42 weeks (n=361) and 23-36 weeks (n=550), and multiple births (n=76). In 44 cases, the gestational age was unknown and in 19 cases lower than 23 weeks or greater than 43 weeks. In total 1006 cases remained and were subject for evaluation. RESULTS: Perinatal mortality (PM) was 0.56%. APFD occurred in 1050 cases (0.3%), i.e. 63.5% of PM. Risk factors from the medical history during pregnancy could be identified in 515 cases (51.2%). Significant risk factors were social burden (odds ratio (OR) 58.3), diabetes mellitus (OR 5.4) and gestational diabetes (OR 2.1), psychological burden (OR 4.8), proteinuria (OR 2.8), maternal age (OR 1.7) and maternal smoking, depending on the number of cigarettes. The risk factors show a difference in significance, if related to the gestational age and multiple pregnancies. The contribution of malformations to APFD was 7.8%. There was however a number of unexpected fetal deaths with unidentified risk factors: n=415 (41.3%). In this group, fetal growth restriction was observed in 38.1%. Compared to control, APFD was three to five times higher in fetal growth retardation below the 10th percentile. Fetal death was closely related to fetal surveillance, i.e. the number of antenatal visits, ultrasound measurements, and fetal heart rate monitoring. CONCLUSION: Fetal ante partum fetal death can be reduced at least by 50%, if the available methods for fetal surveillance are employed aiming to detect indications of fetal oxygen deprivation at an early stage.
The impact of early amniotomy on mode of delivery and pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of early amniotomy in term gestation on the mode of delivery and pregnancy outcome in comparison with premature rupture of membranes (PROM) and oxytocin induction. STUDY DESIGN: The study population consisted of 60 consecutive parturients induced by early amniotomy. The two comparison groups were 147 women admitted with term PROM and 65 patients induced by oxytocin. All study participants were evaluated prospectively and had unfavorable cervical scores. RESULTS: The duration of the first stage of labor was significantly longer in the PROM group (987.8 +/- 572.3 min) as compared with the early amniotomy group (615.0 +/- 389.6 min) and the oxytocin induction group (650.9 +/- 349.5 min, P<0.001). Higher rates of CS were found in the study group (26.7%) as compared to the controls (11.6% in the PROM and 16.9% in the oxytocin groups, p=0.012). Neonatal outcome was similar in all groups. A stratified analysis comparing the risk of CS while controlling for a previous one did not show a significant difference between the early amniotomy and the oxytocin administration groups. CONCLUSIONS: Early amniotomy is associated with a higher rate of CS. While controlling for a previous CS, both ways of induction were comparable. In order to decrease the CS rates, induction should probably start with cervical ripening techniques in order to improve the Bishop scores.
Origins in the Womb: Potential Role of the Physical Therapist in Modulating the Deleterious Effects of Obesity on Maternal and Offspring Health Through Movement Promotion and Prescription During Pregnancy.; Maternal obesity and associated metabolic disease contribute to adverse outcomes in women and their offspring, and many of these outcomes have significant acute and chronic implications for both mother and neonate. Targeted movement (ie, physical activity or exercise training) during pregnancy has been shown to be safe and effective for improving many of these outcomes in women at a healthy weight and women who are obese. However, movement prescription and advice during pregnancy are often not addressed by health care providers; this situation creates a unique opportunity for physical therapists to use their expertise in movement with patients who are pregnant. The objective of this article is to briefly review the adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity, the benefits of intentional maternal movement during pregnancy for women who are obese, the evidence-based guidelines for prescribing intentional movement during pregnancy for women who are obese, and the potential for physical therapists to become the driving force behind a necessary increase in movement levels in women who are pregnant. Physical therapists can play a significant role in encouraging movement in women who are healthy and women who have metabolic challenges during pregnancy and thus assist in combating the vicious cycle of obesity by improving maternal and offspring health.
Long-term cardiovascular risk in relation to birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Fetal exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with high birth weight, congenital heart malformations, childhood adiposity, DM, hypertension and dyslipidemia. The long term cardiovascular consequences of fetal exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy and high birth weight are not known. METHOD: All individuals born in Sweden 1973-1988 (n = 1,551,603) were included in the study. The Swedish Medical Birth Register was merged with the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. The association between offspring's adult consumption of cardiovascular medication and i) maternal DM during pregnancy and ii) birth weight were analyzed. Follow up time ranged between 17 and 36 years. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to maternal DM in utero had an increased risk of non-malformation cardiovascular disease (NMCVD), odds ratio (OR) 1.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.16-1.83). After also excluding offspring with insulin dependent DM, no increased risk of NMCVD was found, OR 1.19 (95% CI 0.92-1.55). No increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born large for gestational age, OR 1.02 (95% CI 0.96-1.08). An increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born small for gestational age, OR 1.29 (95% CI 1.24-1.35). CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy was not associated with NMCVD in offspring at a maximum of 36 years of follow up. Low birth weight was confirmed to be a risk factor for NMCVD while high birth weight was not.
A review of the associations between obstructive sleep apnea and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and possible mechanisms of disease.; Obesity is prevalent among pregnant women in the United States; 15-20% of obese pregnant women have obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea increases along with body mass index, age and in the presence of other co-morbidities. Untreated obstructive sleep apnea in women is associated with a range of cardiovascular, pulmonary and metabolic co-morbidities; recent studies suggest that women with obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy may be at significantly greater risk of entering pregnancy with chronic hypertension and/or of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: gestational hypertension; preeclampsia; or eclampsia. This has serious public health implications; hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are a major cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality and are associated with a greater lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms that associated obstructive sleep apnea with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy have not been defined, but several pathways are scientifically plausible. In this review, we will present a comprehensive literature review of the following: the associations between obstructive sleep apnea and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; the proposed mechanisms that may connect obstructive sleep apnea and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; and the effectiveness of treatment at mitigating these adverse outcomes.
Influences of pre- and postnatal nutritional exposures on vascular/endocrine systems in animals.; Human epidemiological and animal studies have revealed the long-term effects of malnutrition during gestation and early life on the health of the offspring. The aim of the current review is to survey the different means of achieving fetal malnutrition and its consequences, mainly in animals, and to identify key areas in which to direct future research. We address the impact of various models of a maternal protein-restricted diet and global maternal caloric restriction (either through the reduction of nutrient supply or through mechanic devices), the influence of maternal diabetes, and other maternal causes of fetal damage (maternal infections and toxic food components). More specifically, we enumerate data on how the different insults at different prenatal and early postnatal periods affect and program the development and the function of organs involved in diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Particular emphasis is given to the endocrine pancreas, but insulin-sensitive tissues, kidneys, and vasculature are also analyzed. Where available, the protective effects of maternal food supplementation for fetal organ development and function are discussed. Specific attention is paid to the amino acids profile, and the preventive role of taurine is discussed. Tentative indications about critical time windows for fetal development under different deleterious conditions are presented whenever possible. We also discuss future research and intervention.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy: are outcomes the same in patients on antihypertensives?().; OBJECTIVE: To investigate differences in maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant patients with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensives for adequate control versus those who do not require antihypertensives. STUDY DESIGN: Single-site retrospective cohort study including pregnant patients with chronic hypertension from 2015-2018. Two groups included those who required antihypertensives versus those who did not. Primary outcome is composite morbidity: pregnancy loss after 20 weeks, IUGR, maternal death, maternal stroke or TIA, pulmonary edema, renal failure, hypertensive emergency, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption or delivery before 34 weeks. Secondary outcomes included development of severe features, indication for preterm labor less than 37 weeks, incidence of severe range blood pressures, and neonatal outcomes. Student t, chi square, and Kruskal-Wallis tests where appropriate. Logistic regression used to account for potential confounders. RESULTS: Study cohort included 117 on antihypertensives and 114 not on antihypertensives. Use of antihypertensives was associated with the composite primary outcome (Odds ratio [OR], 3.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.66-9.78). Use of antihypertensive medications was also associated with increased risk of prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, development of severe features, severe blood pressure during pregnancy, earlier mean gestational age at delivery, lower mean birth weight, and higher risk of NICU admission. Logistic regression analysis showed that the association between medication requirement and our composite primary outcome persisted even after adjustment for age, BMI, and presence of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our findings show an association between the requirement of antihypertensive medication use a significantly higher risk of composite primary outcome, prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, and the development of severe features.
The maternal health clinic: an initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop certain common pregnancy complications have a greater chance of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, most health care providers do not provide postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling or follow-up. The Maternal Health Clinic was established to address this gap in care. It targets women at increased risk of CVD to inspire lifestyle changes, encourage long-term follow-up, and initiate primary prevention. Here, we summarize results from the first 17 months of completed clinic visits. STUDY DESIGN: Patients experiencing at least one relevant complication in their index pregnancy were referred to the Maternal Health Clinic through standard postpartum order sheets. Patients underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, fasting bloodwork, and urinalysis. Lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates, along with a metabolic syndrome calculation, were determined for each patient. RESULTS: Complications most commonly leading to referral were gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (32.7%), preeclampsia (29.3%), preterm birth (29.3%), and gestational hypertension (19.6%). The clinic analysis group (n = 92) was compared with a healthy control group from the PreEclampsia New Emerging Team study (n = 118). Patients in the clinic analysis group had significantly increased lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates compared with healthy controls (P < .0001). Furthermore, 17.4% of the clinic analysis group had metabolic syndrome, compared with 6.78% of healthy controls (P < .05). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that the Maternal Health Clinic accurately identifies postpartum patients that have underlying cardiovascular risks which make them susceptible to CVD. The clinic may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy.
Reproductive history and blood cell DNA methylation later in life: the Young Finns Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes or an infant fetal growth restriction or preterm birth, are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. We aimed to examine differences in maternal DNA methylation following pregnancy complications. METHODS: Data on women participating in the Young Finns study (n = 836) were linked to the national birth registry. DNA methylation in whole blood was assessed using the Infinium Methylation EPIC BeadChip. Epigenome-wide analysis was conducted on differential CpG methylation at 850 K sites. Reproductive history was also modeled as a predictor of four epigenetic age indices. RESULTS: Fourteen significant differentially methylated sites were found associated with both history of pre-eclampsia and overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. No associations were found between reproductive history and any epigenetic age acceleration measure. CONCLUSIONS: Differences in epigenetic methylation profiles could represent pre-existing risk factors, or changes that occurred as a result of experiencing these complications.
[TRIGLYCERIDE LEVELS AS A RISK FACTOR DURING PREGNANCY; BIOLOGICAL MODELING; SYSTEMATIC REVIEW].; INTRODUCTION: introduction: Some of the diseases that can appear in pregnancy (gestational diabetes, hypertension and preeclampsia) are being associated with an increased risk of heart throughout life diseases. This should be present in future assessments of the health of women. One of the most important biomarkers in cardiovascular diseases is the triglyceride level, and that undergoes a significant change during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: the objective of this review is to analyze the studies that have investigated triglyceride levels during pregnancy as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in the last weeks of pregnancy and childbirth. METHODS: a systematic search was made and 14 specific articles on the subject were selected following the PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: in normal pregnancy decreased the level of lipids in the first weeks, followed by a gradual increase. Especially high from the 12th week of gestation. This increase in plasma levels of circulating lipids occurs linearly, reaching a peak a few days before delivery. This increase results because of the increased estrogen levels and insulin resistance. It has also been associated with prolactin levels. CONCLUSIONS: through this review, it has been able to demonstrate the relationship of elevated triglycerides some pathologies or more frequent changes in risk pregnancies, in which a significantly higher elevation occurs compared to normal pregnancies. It is in this context that the biological modeling may be particularly important, facilitating the creation of models and percentile curves applicable to the population, and allow monitoring of changes in triglycerides, which end up pointing situations passing be predictors of a potentially pathological situation. Thus, appropriate interventions would be carried rafter more briefly, and see so favored adequate primary prevention.
Biological and behavioral pathways from prenatal depression to offspring cardiometabolic risk: Testing the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis.; Given prior literature focused on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease framework, there is strong rationale to hypothesize that reducing depression in the prenatal period will cause improvements in offspring cardiometabolic health. The current review outlines evidence that prenatal depression is associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk and health behaviors. We review evidence of these associations in humans and in nonhuman animals at multiple developmental periods, from the prenatal period (maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), neonatal period (preterm birth, small size at birth), infancy (rapid weight gain), childhood and adolescence (high blood pressure, impaired glucose-insulin homeostasis, unfavorable lipid profiles, abdominal obesity), and into adulthood (diabetes, cardiovascular disease). In addition to these cardiometabolic outcomes, we focus on health behaviors associated with cardiometabolic risk, such as child eating behaviors, diet, physical activity, and sleep health. Our review focuses on child behaviors (e.g., emotional eating, preference for highly palatable foods, short sleep duration) and parenting behaviors (e.g., pressuring child to eat, modeling of health behaviors). These changes in health behaviors may be detected before changes to cardiometabolic outcomes, which may allow for early identification of and prevention for children at risk for poor adult cardiometabolic outcomes. We also discuss the methods of the ongoing Care Project, which is a randomized clinical trial to test whether reducing prenatal maternal depression improves offspring's cardiometabolic health and health behaviors in preschool. The goal of this review and the Care Project are to inform future research, interventions, and policies that support prenatal mental health and offspring cardiometabolic health. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved).
Long-term consequences of obesity on female fertility and the health of the offspring.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Obesity has reached near epidemic levels among reproductive age women with a myriad of consequences. Obesity adversely affects the maternal milieu by creating conditions that decrease fertility and increase the risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, fetal growth abnormalities and congenital anomalies. The effects of obesity are not limited to pregnancy. Indeed, beyond the immediate postpartum period, obese women maintain a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. In this article, we will review the pathophysiology underlying the effects of obesity on fertility, pregnancy outcome and health status of offspring. The purpose of this review is to outline proposed models responsible for the short-term and long-term consequences of obesity on fertility and offspring development, and identify knowledge gaps where additional research is needed. RECENT FINDINGS: Maternal over or under nutrition adversely affect maternal reproductive capacity and pregnancy success. Separate from effects on maternal reproductive function, maternal over or under nutrition may also 'program' fetal pathophysiology through inheritance mechanisms that suggest epigenetic modification of DNA, differential RNA translation and protein expression, or modification of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary axis function through programmed adverse effects on the developing hypothalamic circuitry. The concept of maternal health modifying the risk of developing noncommunicable diseases in the offspring is based on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. SUMMARY: Of importance, the long-term effects of obesity are not limited to maternal health, but also programs pathophysiology in their offspring. Children of obese gravida are at increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic disease in childhood and throughout adulthood. Future studies directly interrogating mechanisms underlying the risks associated with obesity will allow us to develop interventions and therapies to decrease short-term and long-term morbidities associated with maternal obesity.
Vitamin D status in pregnant women visiting a tertiary care center of North Eastern India.; BACKGROUND: Studies of vitamin D (VD) physiology suggest that effects of vitamin D deficiency (VDD) could be much broader than rickets including cardiovascular disease, cancers, diabetes, infection, and allergy and pregnancy complications. Data regarding the prevalence of hypovitaminosis in pregnancy are scanty especially in north eastern part of India. Therefore, this study has undertaken with the intention to find out prevalence and outcome of hypovitaminosis of VD in pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHOD: In total, 177 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy, <16 weeks of gestational age, visited to antenatal clinic of our institute were consecutively enrolled for the study. The serum VD was estimated by Beckman coulter unicel DXI immunoassay system using the principle of Chemiluminescence. Incidence of vitamin deficiency and insufficiency calculated. VDD was defined as 25(OH)D levels in blood <20 ng/mL, and insufficiency of VD was defined as 25(OH)D levels <32 ng/mL. Antenatal complications, such as intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), oligohydramnios, pre-eclampsia, preterm labor, gestational diabetes, if any, were noted. Labor and delivery information including induction of labor, mode of delivery, and newborn birth weight were noted. RESULT: In total, 177 women recruited for the study. Mean age and parity of the subjects were 26.71 ± 9.96 and 2.10 ± 1.8, respectively. For detailed statistical analysis, women were divided into three groups depending upon their VD levels: deficiency group [25(OH)D level <20 ng/mL], insufficiency group [25(OH)D level <32 ng/mL], and sufficient group [25(OH)D level >32 ng/mL]. VDD was present in 84.18% subjects. VD insufficiency was present in 12.44% of cases. There is association of preeclampsia, cesarean section, and low birth weight babies with lower level of VD. CONCLUSION: This study showed that the prevalence of VDD in pregnancy is astonishingly high till now there is no guideline to screen antenatal women for VDD. As the test is costly even, offering it to all at-risk women may not be cost effective compared with offering universal supplementation, particularly as treatment is regarded as being very safe.
Prevalence and Diagnosis of PCOS Using Electronic Health Records: A Scoping Review and a Database Analysis.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder affecting women of reproductive age. It increases the risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, endometrial cancer, infertility, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm birth. Accurately identifying predictors of these health risks is crucial. Electronic health records (EHRs) offer an affordable approach, however, the validity and reliability of EHRs for PCOS diagnosis are unclear. A scoping review of the literature on the prevalence and reliability of the diagnosis of PCOS using EHRs was performed. An analysis of the feasibility of obtaining diagnostic variables from a PCOS patient database was also carried out. Eight studies met the criteria. The prevalence of PCOS ranged from 0.27% to 5.8%. Reliability varied, with one study reporting a sensitivity of 50% and a specificity of 29%. Another study found a 74.4% agreement between international classification of disease (ICD) codes and clinical criteria. The database analysis found only 13.7%, 8%, and 7.5% of women had all the necessary variables for an objective diagnosis of PCOS using the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health (NIH), and Androgen Excess and PCOS Society (AEPCOS) criteria, respectively. Using EHRs results in an underestimation of PCOS prevalence compared to other diagnostic criteria, and many women identified may not meet the complete diagnostic criteria. These findings have implications for future research studies on PCOS prevalence and related health risks.
A conserved MADS-box phosphorylation motif regulates differentiation and mitochondrial function in skeletal, cardiac, and smooth muscle cells.; Exposure to metabolic disease during fetal development alters cellular differentiation and perturbs metabolic homeostasis, but the underlying molecular regulators of this phenomenon in muscle cells are not completely understood. To address this, we undertook a computational approach to identify cooperating partners of the myocyte enhancer factor-2 (MEF2) family of transcription factors, known regulators of muscle differentiation and metabolic function. We demonstrate that MEF2 and the serum response factor (SRF) collaboratively regulate the expression of numerous muscle-specific genes, including microRNA-133a (miR-133a). Using tandem mass spectrometry techniques, we identify a conserved phosphorylation motif within the MEF2 and SRF Mcm1 Agamous Deficiens SRF (MADS)-box that regulates miR-133a expression and mitochondrial function in response to a lipotoxic signal. Furthermore, reconstitution of MEF2 function by expression of a neutralizing mutation in this identified phosphorylation motif restores miR-133a expression and mitochondrial membrane potential during lipotoxicity. Mechanistically, we demonstrate that miR-133a regulates mitochondrial function through translational inhibition of a mitophagy and cell death modulating protein, called Nix. Finally, we show that rodents exposed to gestational diabetes during fetal development display muscle diacylglycerol accumulation, concurrent with insulin resistance, reduced miR-133a, and elevated Nix expression, as young adult rats. Given the diverse roles of miR-133a and Nix in regulating mitochondrial function, and proliferation in certain cancers, dysregulation of this genetic pathway may have broad implications involving insulin resistance, cardiovascular disease, and cancer biology.
Inference of Causal Relationships Between Genetic Risk Factors for Cardiometabolic Phenotypes and Female-Specific Health Conditions.; Background Cardiometabolic diseases are highly comorbid, but their relationship with female-specific or overwhelmingly female-predominant health conditions (breast cancer, endometriosis, pregnancy complications) is understudied. This study aimed to estimate the cross-trait genetic overlap and influence of genetic burden of cardiometabolic traits on health conditions unique to women. Methods and Results Using electronic health record data from 71 008 ancestrally diverse women, we examined relationships between 23 obstetrical/gynecological conditions and 4 cardiometabolic phenotypes (body mass index, coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension) by performing 4 analyses: (1) cross-trait genetic correlation analyses to compare genetic architecture, (2) polygenic risk score-based association tests to characterize shared genetic effects on disease risk, (3) Mendelian randomization for significant associations to assess cross-trait causal relationships, and (4) chronology analyses to visualize the timeline of events unique to groups of women with high and low genetic burden for cardiometabolic traits and highlight the disease prevalence in risk groups by age. We observed 27 significant associations between cardiometabolic polygenic scores and obstetrical/gynecological conditions (body mass index and endometrial cancer, body mass index and polycystic ovarian syndrome, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome). Mendelian randomization analysis provided additional evidence of independent causal effects. We also identified an inverse association between coronary artery disease and breast cancer. High cardiometabolic polygenic scores were associated with early development of polycystic ovarian syndrome and gestational hypertension. Conclusions We conclude that polygenic susceptibility to cardiometabolic traits is associated with elevated risk of certain female-specific health conditions.
Hypothyroidism in First-Degree Relatives of Neonates with Congenital Hypothyroidism: Is there an Association?; BACKGROUND: Recent studies have shown an increased incidence of congenital hypothyroidism (CH), especially in the middle-east region. The exact etiology is unknown; however, it has been related to several factors, the most noticeable being the high prevalence of transient CH (TCH), parental consanguinity, and the history of hypothyroidism in relatives. We sought to determine the impact of hypothyroidism in the relatives of patients with the observed trend. METHODS: We included all patients with primary CH detected through the Newborn Screening (NBS) Program from 2007 to 2016. We analyzed the impact of consanguinity relationship, parental and siblings' thyroid function, second-degree relatives' thyroid function, parental educational level, age, and maternal gestational diabetes on the development of permanent CH (PCH) and TCH. RESULTS: A total of 1447 consecutive eligible patients were recruited during the study period. Of this number, 1171 (81%) were diagnosed with CH: 623 (53.2%) had PCH and 548 (46.8%) had TCH. Six hundred thirty-three (54.1%) participants were men, and 814 (69.5%) had a history of relatives' hypothyroidism. Our data analysis revealed a significant difference regarding the male gender, having a history of relatives' hypothyroidism, and parental hypothyroidism compared to TCH ones (P < 0.05). Patients with a history of relatives' hypothyroidism had significantly higher PCH than TCH (P < 0.0001). However, consanguineous marriage was not comparable in patients regardless of their history of relatives' hypothyroidism (P-value >0.884). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicated the role of the history of hypothyroidism in neonates' relatives in the evolution of the PCH. Meanwhile, consanguineous marriage did not impress the development of PCH and TCH.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: a biopsychosocial understanding in young women to improve knowledge and treatment options.; AIM: To assess psychological features in young women with and without PCOS. METHODS: Observational, cross-sectional pilot study in young women aged 18-25 with (n = 24) or without (n = 22) PCOS (age: 22.41 +/- 0.39 vs. 21.95 +/- 0.47 years, p = 0.46; BMI: 29.17 +/- 1.54 vs. 22.05 +/- 0.83 kg/m(2), p = 0.0003). The main outcome measures were quality of life, anxiety, depression, risk perception and fears on future health. RESULTS: Women with PCOS demonstrated worsened quality of life (p = 0.033) and greater anxiety (p = 0.01) and depression (p = 0.023) than women without PCOS related to BMI status. Women with PCOS were more likely to perceive themselves as at risk of obesity (p = 0.012) and infertility (p < 0.0001), and perceived greater importance in reducing future risk of prediabetes (p = 0.027), gestational diabetes (p = 0.039), type 2 diabetes (p = 0.01), heart disease (p = 0.005), obesity (p = 0.0007) and infertility (p = 0.023) than women without PCOS. Women with PCOS were more likely to have fears about future health related to weight gain (p = 0.045), loss of femininity (p = 0.035), loss of sexuality (p = 0.003) and infertility (p = 0.019) than women without PCOS. CONCLUSIONS: Worsened quality of life, anxiety and depression in young women with PCOS is related to BMI. Risk perception is appropriately high in PCOS, yet perceived risks of future metabolic complications are less common than those related to weight gain and infertility.
White's classification of diabetes in pregnancy in the 21st century: is it still valid?; White's classification system (WCS) was created 60 years ago to identify diabetic (DM) pregnancies at increased risk for perinatal morbidity and mortality. Our objective was to assess the association between WCS and adverse pregnancy outcome (APO) in contemporary DM pregnancies. We studied diabetic women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at >20 weeks at a single institution over a 1-year period (2007 to 2008). Perinatal outcomes were compared between WCS groups. APO was defined as any of the following: preterm birth <34 weeks, severe preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, and neonatal respiratory disease. Presence of vascular disease was defined as presence of chronic hypertension, chronic renal insufficiency, retinopathy, coronary artery disease, or prior cerebrovascular event. One hundred ninety-six DM pregnancies met the criteria. No significant differences in APO existed between White's class groups among women with pregestational DM (32.7% class B versus 26.9% class C versus 57.1% class D to F; p = 0.46). Logistic regression revealed that vascular disease was associated with APO (odds ratio = 2.7, 95% confidence interval = 1.2 to 6.2). In our population, presence of vascular disease, rather than WCS, was a better predictor of APO in DM women.
Early Pulmonary Vascular Disease in Preterm Infants Is Associated with Late Respiratory Outcomes in Childhood.; RATIONALE: Early pulmonary vascular disease (PVD) after preterm birth is associated with a high risk for developing bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), but its relationship with late respiratory outcomes during early childhood remains uncertain. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether PVD at 7 days after preterm birth is associated with late respiratory disease (LRD) during early childhood. METHODS: This was a prospective study of preterm infants born before 34 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA). Echocardiograms were performed at 7 days and 36 weeks PMA. Prenatal and early postnatal factors and postdischarge follow-up survey data obtained at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months of age were analyzed in logistic regression models to identify early risk factors for LRD, defined as a physician diagnosis of asthma, reactive airways disease, BPD exacerbation, bronchiolitis, or pneumonia, or a respiratory-related hospitalization during follow-up. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Of the 221 subjects (median, 27 wk PMA; interquartile range, 25-28 and 920 g; interquartile range, 770-1090 g) completing follow-up, 61% met LRD criteria. Gestational diabetes and both mechanical ventilator support and PVD at 7 days were associated with LRD. The combination of PVD and mechanical ventilator support at 7 days was among the strongest prognosticators of LRD (odds ratio, 8.1; confidence interval, 3.1-21.9; P < 0.001). Modeled prenatal and early postnatal factors accurately informed LRD (area under the curve, 0.764). Adding BPD status at 36 weeks PMA to the model did not change the accuracy (area under the curve, 0.771). CONCLUSIONS: Early echocardiographic evidence of PVD after preterm birth in combination with other perinatal factors is a strong risk factor for LRD, suggesting that early PVD may contribute to the pathobiology of BPD.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study.; The largest and longest clinical trial of metformin for the prevention of diabetes is the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPP/DPPOS). In this review, we summarise data from the DPP/DPPOS, focusing on metformin for diabetes prevention, as well as its long-term glycaemic and cardiometabolic effects and safety in people at high-risk of developing diabetes. The DPP (1996-2001) was a RCT of 3234 adults who, at baseline, were at high-risk of developing diabetes. Participants were assigned to masked placebo (n = 1082) or metformin (n = 1073) 850 mg twice daily, or intensive lifestyle intervention (n = 1079). The masked metformin/placebo intervention phase ended approximately 1 year ahead of schedule because of demonstrated efficacy. Primary outcome was reported at 2.8 years. At the end of the DPP, all participants were offered lifestyle education and 88% (n = 2776) of the surviving DPP cohort continued follow-up in the DPPOS. Participants originally assigned to metformin continued to receive metformin, unmasked. The DPP/DPPOS cohort has now been followed for over 15 years with prospective assessment of glycaemic, cardiometabolic, health economic and safety outcomes. After an average follow-up of 2.8 years, metformin reduced the incidence of diabetes by 31% compared with placebo, with a greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose or a history of gestational diabetes. The DPPOS addressed the longer-term effects of metformin, showing a risk reduction of 18% over 10 and 15 years post-randomisation. Metformin treatment for diabetes prevention was estimated to be cost-saving. At 15 years, lack of progression to diabetes was associated with a 28% lower risk of microvascular complications across treatment arms, a reduction that was no different among treatment groups. Recent findings suggest metformin may reduce atherosclerosis development in men. Originally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, metformin, now proven to prevent or delay diabetes, may serve as an important tool in battling the growing diabetes epidemic. Long-term follow-up, currently underway in the DPP/DPPOS, is now evaluating metformin's potential role, when started early in the spectrum of dysglycaemia, on later-stage comorbidities, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00038727 and NCT00004992.
Association of a Mediterranean Diet Pattern With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Among US Women.; IMPORTANCE: The Mediterranean diet pattern is inversely associated with the leading causes of morbidity and mortality, including metabolic diseases and cardiovascular disease, but there are limited data on its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) among US women. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any APO and individual APOs. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This prospective, multicenter, cohort study, the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be, enrolled 10 038 women between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2013, with a final analytic sample of 7798 racially, ethnically, and geographically diverse women with singleton pregnancies who had complete diet data. Data analyses were completed between June 3, 2021, and April 7, 2022. EXPOSURES: An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score (range, 0-9; low, 0-3; moderate, 4-5; and high, 6-9) was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Adverse pregnancy outcomes were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, or stillbirth. RESULTS: Of 7798 participants (mean [SD] age, 27.4 [5.5] years), 754 (9.7%) were aged 35 years or older, 816 (10.5%) were non-Hispanic Black, 1294 (16.6%) were Hispanic, and 1522 (19.5%) had obesity at baseline. The mean (SD) aMed score was 4.3 (2.1), and the prevalence of high, moderate, and low concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception was 30.6% (n=2388), 31.2% (n=2430), and 38.2% (n=2980), respectively. In multivariable models, a high vs low aMed score was associated with 21% lower odds of any APO (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.79 [95% CI, 0.68-0.92]), 28% lower odds of preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.55-0.93]), and 37% lower odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.44-0.90]). There were no differences by race, ethnicity, and prepregnancy body mass index, but associations were stronger among women aged 35 years or older (aOR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.34-0.84]; P = .02 for interaction). When aMed score quintiles were evaluated, similar associations were observed, with higher scores being inversely associated with the incidence of any APO. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This cohort study suggests that greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is associated with lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response association. Intervention studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification around the time of conception can reduce risk of APOs and their downstream associations with future development of cardiovascular disease risk factors and overt disease.
Developmental Programming of Body Composition: Update on Evidence and Mechanisms.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: A growing body of epidemiological and experimental data indicate that nutritional or environmental stressors during early development can induce long-term adaptations that increase risk of obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and other chronic conditions-a phenomenon termed "developmental programming." A common phenotype in humans and animal models is altered body composition, with reduced muscle and bone mass, and increased fat mass. In this review, we summarize the recent literature linking prenatal factors to future body composition and explore contributing mechanisms. RECENT FINDINGS: Many prenatal exposures, including intrauterine growth restriction, extremes of birth weight, maternal obesity, and maternal diabetes, are associated with increased fat mass, reduced muscle mass, and decreased bone density, with effects reported throughout infancy and childhood, and persisting into middle age. Mechanisms and mediators include maternal diet, breastmilk composition, metabolites, appetite regulation, genetic and epigenetic influences, stem cell commitment and function, and mitochondrial metabolism. Differences in body composition are a common phenotype following disruptions to the prenatal environment, and may contribute to developmental programming of obesity and diabetes risk.
Impact of Prenatal Exposure to Maternal Diabetes and High-Fat Diet on Postnatal Myocardial Ketone Body Metabolism in Rats.; Infants exposed to diabetic pregnancy are at higher risk of cardiomyopathy at birth and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) as adults. Using a rat model, we showed how fetal exposure to maternal diabetes causes cardiac disease through fuel-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction, and that a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) exaggerates the risk. Diabetic pregnancy increases circulating maternal ketones which can have a cardioprotective effect, but whether diabetes-mediated complex I dysfunction impairs myocardial metabolism of ketones postnatally remains unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether neonatal rat cardiomyocytes (NRCM) from diabetes- and HFD-exposed offspring oxidize ketones as an alternative fuel source. To test our hypothesis, we developed a novel ketone stress test (KST) using extracellular flux analyses to compare real-time ß-hydroxybutyrate (βHOB) metabolism in NRCM. We also compared myocardial expression of genes responsible for ketone and lipid metabolism. NRCM had a dose-dependent increase in respiration with increasing concentrations of βHOB, demonstrating that both control and combination exposed NRCM can metabolize ketones postnatally. Ketone treatment also enhanced the glycolytic capacity of combination exposed NRCM with a dose-dependent increase in the glucose-mediated proton efflux rate (PER) from CO2 (aerobic glycolysis) alongside a decreased reliance on PER from lactate (anaerobic glycolysis). Expression of genes responsible for ketone body metabolism was higher in combination exposed males. Findings demonstrate that myocardial ketone body metabolism is preserved and improves fuel flexibility in NRCM from diabetes- and HFD-exposed offspring, which suggests that ketones might serve a protective role in neonatal cardiomyopathy due to maternal diabetes.
[Analysis of risk factors for adverse perinatal outcomes in women with pancytopenia].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the pregnancy outcomes of women with pancytopenia and the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes. METHODS: A total of 106 pregnant women with pancytopenia were admitted to Peking University People's Hospital from Jan. 2005 to Sep. 2014. The clinical data and the pregnancy outcomes were reviewed retrospectively to investigate the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: (1 ) Eighty-four patients were found pancytopenia before pregnancy while 22 were found for the first time during pregnancy. Sixty-four patients were diagnosed as aplastic anemia; 30 as myelodysplastic syndrome; 2 as paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria; 4 as hypersplenism, and 1 as anti-phospholipid syndrome. Diagnoses of the remaining 5 patients were uncertain. (2) Sixty-nine patients received at least one time blood transfusion before delivery. (3) As for the complications, nine women developed gestational diabetes; twenty-two suffered severe preeclampsia (SPE); two were diagnosed as anemic heart disease and three experienced respiratory tract infection. The postpartum blood loss ranged from 50 ml to 3 800 ml, with the median of 400 ml. And six women had the blood loss more than 1 000 ml. The gestational age at delivery ranged from 24 weeks to 40 weeks, with the median of 37.0 weeks. (4) Thirty-one patients suffered adverse perinatal outcomes, including 3 cases of intrauterine death, 4 therapeutic labor induction before 28 gestational weeks, 6 premature delivery before 34 weeks. There were 2 neonates complicated with intracranial hemorrhage, 2 with neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, 3 with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, 2 with severe asphyxia and death, and 14 with small for gestational age. Among the patients with adverse perinatal outcomes, 26 women received blood transfusion during pregnancy and 17 developed SPE. The maximum and the minimum value of their white cell count (WBC), hemoglobin concentration (Hb) and blood platelet count (BPC) were (4.9±1.4)×10(9)/L, (2.9±0.8)×10(9)/L, (88.6±14.9) g/L, (57.9±14.5) g/L, (47.7±27.4)×10(9)/L and (11.9±12.3)×10(9)/L, respectively. For those patients without adverse perinatal outcomes, 43 received blood transfusion during pregnancy and 5 developed SPE. The maximum and the minimum value of their WBC, Hb and BPC were (5.2±1.5)×10(9)/L, (3.2±0.9)×10(9)/L, (101.4±16.2) g/L, (71.9 ± 14.5) g/L, (52.3 ± 24.0) × 10(9)/L and (19.0±12.1) × 10(9)/L, respectively. The multivariate regression analyses indicated that SPE, Hb less than 70 g/L and BPC less than 20×10(9)/L were the independent risk factors for the poor perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with pancytopenia (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of adverse perinatal complications increased dramatically in pregnant women with pancytopenia. Concurrent SPE, minimum Hb less than 70 g/L and minimum BPC less than 20 × 10(9)/L may be the independent risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes.
OS031. Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: Results of the pro-active study.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intra-uterine growth restriction and/or gestational diabetes are at increased risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Lifestyle intervention may help these women to effectively lower these risks. OBJECTIVES: To test if offering lifestyle intervention after a complicated pregnancy significantly reduces weight (primary objective) and/or other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors (secondary objective). METHODS: The Pro-Active study (Postpartum Rotterdam Appraisal of Cardiovascular health and Tailored Intervention) is a feasibility study to develop and evaluate a postpartum lifestyle intervention program. In a prospective case-control setting we tested the effect of the lifestyle intervention. Women were included between April 2007 and August 2009. They were eligible if ⩾18 years old at time of inclusion, being able to understand and speak the Dutch language and not having pre-existing conditions that could interfere with the lifestyle intervention. Cases were offered lifestyle intervention by a trained counsellor between 6 and 10 months postpartum. During 3 private sessions, mainly exercise and fat-intake and to some extend smoking habits were discussed and aims were made to improve lifestyle. Controls did not receive these sessions, but were not restricted to improve lifestyle on their own. Anthropometric and laboratory measurements were taken at 6 and 10 months postpartum and again at 13 months postpartum to test for durability of the effects. RESULTS: During our study 1121 women gave birth after a complicated pregnancy. Four hundred and ninety Women were eligible for the study of which 240 women (49%) gave informed consent to participate. 56 Women (23%) were lost-to-follow-up, leaving 186 women for the analysis. Between 6 and 13 months postpartum weight was significantly reduced in cases compared to controls by 2.1kg (95%>CI 0.4-3.7), resulting in a 0.7kg/m(2) (0.1-1.3) lower BMI. Also systolic blood pressure (5.0mmHg(0.3-9.7)), waist circumference (4.6cm(2.6-6.6)) and waist-to-hip ratio (0.03(0.01-0.04)) were significantly improved in cases compared to controls. Heart rate, hip circumference and total cholesterol were significantly improved within cases, but not compared to controls. Diastolic blood pressure and fasting glucose were not improved. CONCLUSION: Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy may be effective in lowering weight and improving other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors. It suggests that now is prudent and justified to start a large-scale randomised controlled trial to validate our results.
Active induction management of labor for diabetic pregnancies at term; mode of delivery and fetal outcome--a single center experience.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the mode of delivery in diabetic pregnancies at term following induction of labor with vaginal application of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), and to identify possible predictors of successful vaginal delivery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study group consisted of 105 women with diabetic pregnancies at term admitted for induction of labor; 84 (80%) had gestational diabetes (GDM) and 21 (20%) type 1 diabetes. Findings were compared with women who underwent elective induction of labor (n=115), and women with normal spontaneous onset of labor (n=510). Women with previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from both study and control groups. RESULTS: Maternal age and gravidity were significantly higher in the study group than the control groups (age: 31.4+/-5, 28+/-5.0 and 28.1+/-4.8 years, respectively; gravidity: 3.0+/-1.9, 2.5+/-1.6, and 2.1+/-1.4, respectively; P<0.001 for both) and gestational age and nulliparity rate were significantly lower (gestational age: 38.6+/-1.1, 40.2+/-1.3 and 39.3+/-2.7 weeks, respectively; nulliparity: 34.6, 45.2, 51.6%, respectively; P<0.002 for both). There were no between-group differences in the incidence of oligohydramnios, number of PGE2 applications used, birth weight, rate of non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern leading to CS, and rate of low 5 min Apgar score (<7). The rate of CS in the study group (18.2%) was significantly higher than in the spontaneous labor group (9%) but similar to the elective induction group (14.8%). On stepwise analysis, only nulliparity (OR 4.56, 95% CI 1.11-18.67, P=0.035) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Within the study group (R2=0.257, P=0.002), type 1 diabetes (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.04-5.51) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. CONCLUSION: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term with vaginal PGE2 is successful in approximately 82% of patients, but yields a significantly higher CS rate compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Nulliparity and diagnosis of type 1 diabetes are independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. CONDENSATION: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term is successful in 82% of patients, but yields higher CS rates compared to uncomplicated pregnancies.
The effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system.; Heart rate variability assessment of neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers have shown alterations in the autonomic nervous system (ANS). The objective was to study the effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on ANS at the fetal stage by combining cardiac and movement parameters using a non-invasive fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG) technique. This is an observational study with 40 participants where fetuses from a group of 9 Type 1, 19 Type 2 diabetic, and 12 non-diabetic pregnant women were included. Time and frequency domain fetal heart rate variability (fHRV) and coupling of movement and heart rate acceleration parameters related to fetal ANS were analyzed. Group differences were investigated using analysis of covariance to adjust for gestational age (GA). When compared to non-diabetics, the Type 1 diabetics had a 65% increase in average ratio of very low-frequency (VLF) to low-frequency (LF) bands and 63% average decrease in coupling index after adjusting for GA. Comparing Type 2 diabetics to non-diabetics, there was an average decrease in the VLF (50%) and LF bands (63%). Diabetics with poor glycemic control had a higher average VLF/LF (49%) than diabetics with good glycemic control. No significant changes at p < 0.05 were observed in high-frequency (HF) frequency domain parameters or their ratios, or in the time domain. Fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers exhibited some differences in fHRV frequency domain and heart rate-movement coupling when compared to non-diabetics but the effect of fHRV related to fetal ANS and sympathovagal balance were not as conclusive as observed in the neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers.
Pregnancy loss is associated with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide case-control study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Type 2 diabetes is killing more people than ever, and early-life predictors remain critical for the development of effective preventive strategies. Pregnancy loss is a common event associated with later atherosclerotic disease and ischaemic heart failure and might constitute a predictor for type 2 diabetes. The objective of this study was to investigate whether pregnancy loss is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Using a Danish nationwide cohort, we identified all women born from 1957 through to 1997 and who had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes during the period 1977 to 2017. The women were matched 1:10 on year of birth and educational level to women without diabetes in the general Danish population. Conditional logistic regression models provided odds ratios for type 2 diabetes with different numbers of pregnancy losses. RESULTS: We identified 24,774 women with type 2 diabetes and selected 247,740 controls without diabetes. Women who had ever been pregnant (ever-pregnant women) with 1, 2 and ≥ 3 pregnancy losses had ORs of type 2 diabetes of 1.18 (95% CI 1.13, 1.23), 1.38 (95% CI 1.27, 1.49) and 1.71 (95% CI 1.53, 1.92) compared with ever-pregnant women with no pregnancy losses, respectively. Women who never achieved a pregnancy had an OR of type 2 diabetes of 1.56 (95% CI 1.51, 1.61) compared with ever-pregnant women with any number of losses. Similar results were found after adjustment for obesity and gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: We found a significant and consistent association between pregnancy loss and later type 2 diabetes that increased with increasing number of losses. Thus, pregnancy loss and recurrent pregnancy loss are significant risk factors for later type 2 diabetes. Future studies should explore whether this association is due to common background factors or whether prediabetic metabolic conditions are responsible for this association. Graphical abstract.
Inherited catalase deficiency: is it benign or a factor in various age related disorders?; Hydrogen peroxide was - and is still - considered toxic for a wide range of living organisms. Oxidative stress occurs when there is an excess of pro-oxidants over antioxidants and it has been implicated in several diseases. Catalase is involved in hydrogen peroxide catabolism and is important in defense against oxidative stress. Acatalasemia means the inherited near-total deficiency of catalase activity, usually in reference to red cell catalase. Acatalasemia was thought at first to be an asymptotic disorder. In the absence of catalase, neither the Japanese, or Hungarian acatalasemics nor acatalasemic mice had significantly increased blood glutathione peroxidase activity. In animal models, catalase deficient tissues show much slower rates of removal of extracellular hydrogen peroxide. In catalase knock-out mice, a decreased hydrogen peroxide removing capacity and increased reactive oxygen species formation were reported. Hydrogen peroxide may cause methemoglobinemia in patients with catalase deficiency. During anesthesia for a Japanese acatalasemic patient the disinfection with hydrogen peroxide solution caused severe methemoglobinemia. Patients with inherited catalase deficiency, who are treated with uric acid oxidase (rasburicase) may experience very high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide and may suffer from methemoglobinemia and hemolysis. The high (18.5%) prevalence of diabetes mellitus in inherited catalase deficient individuals and the earlier (10 years) manifestation of the disease may be attributed to the oxidative damage of oxidant sensitive, insulin producing pancreatic beta-cells. Ninety-seven of 114 acatalasemics had diseases related to oxidative stress and aging. The oxidative stress due to catalase deficiency could contribute to the manifestation of diabetes while for the other diseases it may be one of the factors in their causations. In summary, inherited catalase deficiency is associated with clinical features, pathologic laboratory test results, age and oxidative stress related disorders. Rather than considering it a benign condition, it should be considered as a complicating condition for aging and oxidative stress.
A Retrospective Cohort Study of Safety Outcomes in New Zealand Infants Exposed to Tdap Vaccine in Utero.; We aimed to evaluate the safety of maternal Tdap; thus, we assessed health events by examining the difference in birth and hospital-related outcomes of infants with and without fetal exposure to Tdap. This was a retrospective cohort study using linked administrative datasets. The study population were all live-born infants in New Zealand (NZ) weighing at least 400 g at delivery and born to women who were eligible for the government funded, national-level vaccination program in 2013. Infants were followed from birth up to one year of age. There were a total of 69,389 eligible infants in the cohort. Of these, 8299 infants were born to 8178 mothers exposed to Tdap (12%), primarily between 28 and 38 weeks gestation as per the national schedule. Among the outcomes, we found a reduced risk for moderate to late preterm birth, low birth weight, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of newborn, tachycardia or bradycardia, haemolytic diseases, other neonatal jaundice, anaemia, syndrome of infant of mother with gestational diabetes, and hypoglycemia in infants born to vaccinated mothers. There was no association between maternal Tdap, infant Apgar score at 5 min after birth, asphyxia, sepsis or infection, or hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. Infant exposure to Tdap during pregnancy was associated with a higher mean birthweight (not clinically significant) and higher odds for ankyloglossia and neonatal erythema toxicum diagnoses. There were insufficient observations to allow examination of the effect of Tdap on extreme preterm and very preterm birth, and stillbirth, infant death, or microcephaly. Overall, we found no outcomes of concern associated with the administration of Tdap during pregnancy. NZ Health and Disability Ethics Committee Approval #14/N.T.A/169/AM05.
Maternal diabetes increases FOXO1 activation during embryonic cardiac development.; Maternal diabetes is known to affect heart development, inducing the programming of cardiac alterations in the offspring's adult life. Previous studies in the heart of adult offspring have shown increased activation of FOXO1 (a transcription factor involved in a wide variety of cellular functions such as apoptosis, cellular proliferation, reactive oxygen species detoxification, and antioxidant and pro-inflammatory processes) and of target genes related to inflammatory and fibrotic processes. In this work, we aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal diabetes on FOXO1 activation as well as on the expression of target genes relevant to the formation of the cardiovascular system during organogenesis (day 12 of gestation). The embryonic heart from diabetic rats showed increased active FOXO1 levels, reduced protein levels of mTOR (a nutrient sensor regulating cell growth, proliferation and metabolism) and reduced mTORC2-SGK1 pathway, which phosphorylates FOXO1. These alterations were related to increases in the levels of 4-hydroxynonenal (an oxidative stress marker) and increased mRNA levels of inducible nitric oxide synthase, angiopoietin-2 and matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2) (all FOXO1 target genes relevant for cardiac development). Results also showed increased extracellular and intracellular immunolocalization of MMP2 in the myocardium and its projection into the lumen of the cavity (trabeculations) together with decreased immunostaining of connexin 43, a protein relevant for cardiac function that is target of MMP2. In conclusion, increases in active FOXO1 induced by maternal diabetes initiate early during embryonic heart development and are related to increases in markers of oxidative stress and of proinflammatory cardiac development, as well to an altered expression of proteolytic enzymes that regulate connexin 43. These alterations may lead to an altered programming of cardiovascular development in the embryonic heart of diabetic rats.
Bivariate random effects models for meta-analysis of comparative studies with binary outcomes: methods for the absolute risk difference and relative risk.; Multivariate meta-analysis is increasingly utilised in biomedical research to combine data of multiple comparative clinical studies for evaluating drug efficacy and safety profile. When the probability of the event of interest is rare, or when the individual study sample sizes are small, a substantial proportion of studies may not have any event of interest. Conventional meta-analysis methods either exclude such studies or include them through ad hoc continuality correction by adding an arbitrary positive value to each cell of the corresponding 2 × 2 tables, which may result in less accurate conclusions. Furthermore, different continuity corrections may result in inconsistent conclusions. In this article, we discuss a bivariate Beta-binomial model derived from Sarmanov family of bivariate distributions and a bivariate generalised linear mixed effects model for binary clustered data to make valid inferences. These bivariate random effects models use all available data without ad hoc continuity corrections, and accounts for the potential correlation between treatment (or exposure) and control groups within studies naturally. We then utilise the bivariate random effects models to reanalyse two recent meta-analysis data sets.
Sedentary behaviours during pregnancy: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: In the general population, at least 50% of time awake is spent in sedentary behaviours. Sedentary behaviours are activities that expend less energy than 1.5 metabolic equivalents, such as sitting. The amount of time spent in sedentary behaviours is a risk factor for diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and death from all causes. Even individuals meeting physical activity guidelines are at a higher risk of premature death and adverse metabolic outcomes if they sit for extended intervals. The associations between sedentary behaviour with type 2 diabetes and with impaired glucose tolerance are stronger for women than for men. It is not known whether sedentary behaviour in pregnancy influences pregnancy outcomes, but if those negative outcomes observed in general adult population also occur in pregnancy, this could have implications for adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring. We aimed to determine the proportion of time spent in sedentary behaviours among pregnant women, and the association of sedentary behaviour with pregnancy outcomes in mothers and offspring. METHODS: Two researchers independently performed the literature search using 5 different electronic bibliographic databases. Studies were included if sedentary behaviours were assessed during pregnancy. Two reviewers independently assessed the articles for quality and bias, and extracted the relevant information. RESULTS: We identified 26 studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Pregnant women spent more than 50% of their time in sedentary behaviours. Increased time in sedentary behaviour was significantly associated with higher levels of C Reactive Protein and LDL Cholesterol, and a larger newborn abdominal circumference. Sedentary behaviours were significantly higher among women who delivered macrosomic infants. Discrepancies were found in associations of sedentary behaviour with gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders, and birth weight. No consistent associations were found between sedentary behaviour and other variables such as gestational diabetes. There was considerable variability in study design and methods of assessing sedentary behaviour. CONCLUSIONS: Our review highlights the significant time spent in sedentary behaviour during pregnancy, and that sedentary behaviour may impact on pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child. The considerable heterogeneity in the literature suggests future studies should use robust methodology for quantifying sedentary behaviour.
Elective cesarean delivery and long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring - a population-based cohort analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of cesarean delivery (CD) on offspring risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort analysis was performed, including all singleton term deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014 at a single tertiary medical center. A comparison was performed between children delivered via CD and those delivered vaginally. Fetuses with cardiac or other congenital malformations were excluded, as were cases of urgent CD and pregnancies involving preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, labor induction, fetal growth restriction, preterm PROM, and instrumental deliveries. Hospitalizations of the offspring up to 18 years of age involving cardiovascular morbidity were compared between the two study groups. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve compared cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. RESULTS: Of the 132,054 term deliveries who met the inclusion criteria; 8.9% were CDs (n = 11,746) and 91.1% (n = 120,308) were vaginal deliveries. Cardiovascular hospitalization incidence per 1000 person follow up years was 0.742 in the CD group and 0.054 in the comparison group (HR = 1.3, 95%CI 1.051-1.710, p = .018). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity following CD (log rank p = .018). In the Cox proportional hazards model, CD was noted as an independent risk factor for offspring long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.295, CI 1.005-1.668, p = .04) when controlling for maternal age, obesity, ethnicity, gestational age, newborn gender, low birthweight, maternal preexisting cardiovascular disease, and deliveries occurring after 2008. CONCLUSION: Singletons delivered by CD at term have an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity.
Pre-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications and Long-term Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension and diabetes are contraindications for living kidney donation in young candidates. However, little is known about the long-term outcomes of women who had these pregnancy-related complications and subsequently became donors. In the general population, gestational hypertension (GHtn), preeclampsia/eclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are associated with long-term risks. METHODS: Donors with the specified predonation complication were matched to contemporary control donors with pregnancies without the complication using nearest neighbor propensity score matching. Propensity scores were estimated using logistic regression with covariates for gravidity, blood pressure, glucose, body mass index, age, and creatinine at donation, donation year, race, relationship with recipient, and family history of disease. Long-term incidence of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and reduced renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <30, eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 ) were compared between groups using proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Of 1862 donors with predonation pregnancies, 48 had preeclampsia/eclampsia, 49 had GHtn without preeclampsia, and 43 had GDM. Donors had a long interval between first pregnancy and donation (median, 18.5 y; interquartile range, 10.6-27.5) and a long postdonation follow-up time (median, 18.0; interquartile range, 9.2-27.7 y). GHtn was associated with the development of hypertension (hazard ratio, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.83); GDM was associated with diabetes (hazard ratio, 3.04; 95% confidence interval, 1.33-6.99). Pregnancy complications were not associated with eGFR <30 or eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 . CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that women with predonation pregnancy-related complications have long-term risks even with a normal donor evaluation. Donor candidates with a history of pregnancy-related complications should be counseled about these risks.
Associations between hypertension with reproductive and menopausal factors: An integrated women's health programme (IWHP) study.; BACKGROUND: Women are less likely to have classic cardiovascular risk factors than men, and events during their reproductive and menopausal years may increase hypertension risk. The aim of this study is to examine woman-specific factors, including menstrual, reproductive and pregnancy complications, in relation to the prevalence of hypertension in mid-life Asian women. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study of 1146 healthy women aged 45-69 years, from a multi-ethnic Asian cohort. The women completed an extensive questionnaire that included their sociodemographic details, medical history, lifestyle and physical activity, and reproductive and menopausal history. They also underwent objectively measured physical performance tests and a dual X-ray absorptiometry scan. Hypertension was defined as a systolic BP ≥140 and/or diastolic BP ≥90mm Hg, past diagnosis by a physician, or use of antihypertensive medications. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the independent risk factors for hypertension. RESULTS: The average age of the 1146 women analysed was 56.3 (SD 6.2) years, and 55.2 percent of them were hypertensive. The prevalence of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension was 12.6% and 9.4%, respectively. Besides age, abnormal menstrual cycle length at 25 years of age (OR:2.35, CI:1.34-4.13), preeclampsia (OR:2.46, CI:1.06-5.74), increased visceral adiposity (OR:4.21, CI:2.28-7.79) and reduced physical performance (OR:2.83, CI:1.46-5.47) were independently associated with hypertension in Asian women. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings highlight the necessity of including features of menstrual and reproductive history as possible indicators of hypertension risk in cardiovascular disease risk assessment and prevention among Asian women. Reducing visceral adiposity and exercise to improve physical performance may help women avoid developing hypertension.
[Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus-clinical recommendations (Update 2019)].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavorable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA1c, blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
Risk Factors and Mortality in Newborns with Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension: A Six-Year Single-Center Experience.; OBJECTIVES: Persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHT) of the newborn is a disorder of circulatory transition resulting in high pulmonary vascular resistance with extrapulmonary right-to-left shunts causing hypoxemia. In this study, our aim was to evaluate the risk factors, administered treatments, and mortality of patients followed in our neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) due to PPHT over the past six years. METHODS: Patients diagnosed with PPHT and followed in the NICU between January 2017 and November 2022 were included in the study. The sociodemographic characteristics, diagnoses that could lead to pulmonary hypertension, the presence of congenital anomalies, the duration of respiratory support treatment and hospital follow-up, treatments administered for PPHT, and mortality rates were evaluated. RESULTS: Out of 21 patients diagnosed with persistent pulmonary hypertension, 9 of them (42.9%) were male. The mean gestational age of the patients was 37.6±3.7 weeks, and their birth weight was 3006±819grams. The APGAR scores at 1 and 5 minutes were 4(2-7) and 6(3-8), respectively. Risk factors during the antenatal period included fetal distress (38.1%), oligohydramnios (23.8%), intrauterine growth restriction (23.8%), gestational diabetes (14.3%), preeclampsia (4.8%), and chorioamnionitis (4.8%). The median duration of invasive mechanical ventilation for cases requiring respiratory support was 20.1 days, while the median duration of non-invasive ventilation was 3.7 days. Patients with a diagnosis of persistent pulmonary hypertension were treated with inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) in 76.2% of cases, milrinone in 66.7% of cases, sildenafil in 52.4% of cases, and iloprost in 14.3% of cases. The length of hospital stay for patients was 38.4 days, and 9 (42.9%) patients died. The patients who died had severe PPHT along with fetal inflammatory response syndrome (FIRS), congenital heart disease, pulmonary hypoplasia, pneumothorax, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE), and congenital anomalies. CONCLUSION: Persistent pulmonary hypertension, characterized by severe hypoxemia, is a neonatal emergency that necessitates early intervention, effective treatment of the underlying cause to prevent potential short-term and long-term morbidities and mortality. Effective treatment of the underlying cause in patients diagnosed with PPHT could reduce morbidity and mortality. It is inevitable to avoid the loss of patients with major abnormalities, severe comorbidities, and unpreventable organ dysfunctions.
Can thrombophilia worsen maternal and perinatal outcomes in cases of severe preeclampsia?; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether thrombophilia worsens maternal and foetal outcomes among patients with severe preeclampsia (PE). METHOD: From October 2009 to October 2014, an observational retrospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women with severe PE diagnosed before 34 weeks of gestation and their newborns hospitalized at the Clinics Hospital, FMUSP. Patients who had no heart disease, nephropathies, pre-gestational diabetes, gestational trophoblastic disease, foetal malformation, or twin pregnancy and who underwent thrombophilia screening during the postnatal period were included. New pregnancies of the same patient; cases of foetal morphological, genetic, or chromosomal abnormalities after birth; and women who used heparin or acetylsalicylic acid during pregnancy were excluded. Factor V Leiden, G20210A prothrombin mutation, antithrombin, protein C, protein S, homocysteine, lupus anticoagulant, and anticardiolipin IgG and IgM antibodies were analysed. The groups with and without thrombophilia were compared regarding their maternal clinical and laboratory parameters and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: Of the 127 patients selected, 30 (23.6%) had thrombophilia (hereditary or acquired). We found more white patients in thrombophilia group (p = .036). Analysis of maternal parameters showed a tendency of thrombophilic women to have more thrombocytopenia (p = .056) and showed worsening of composite laboratory abnormalities (aspartate aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, alanine aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, platelets < 100,000/mm(3), serum creatinine ≥ 1.1 mg/dL; p = .017). There were no differences in foetal perinatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: The presence of thrombophilia leads to worsening of maternal laboratory parameters among patients with severe forms of PE but without worsening perinatal outcomes.
Incidence and risk factors for retinopathy of prematurity in extreme low birth weight Chinese infants.; The objective of this study is to determine the incidence and risk factors of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) in extremely low birth weight (ELBW) Chinese infants. A retrospective medical record review of all ELBW (≤1,000 g) neonates screened for ROP from 2007 to 2012 was performed in Hong Kong. ROP screening was conducted at 2 neonatal intensive care units by 3 pediatric ophthalmologists using the Royal College of Ophthalmologists ROP guideline and the International Classification of ROP. Maternal and neonatal covariates were analyzed using univariate and multivariate regression analyses for both ROP and Type 1 ROP. In 131 ELBW Chinese infants, the mean gestational age (GA) and birth weight (BW) were 27.3 ± 3.3 weeks and 806.9 ± 133.7 g, respectively. The incidence of ROP and Type 1 ROP was 53.4 and 14.5 %, respectively. For ROP, a lighter BW, smaller GA, vaginal delivery, postnatal hypotension, inotrope use, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, surfactant use, invasive mechanical ventilation, and supplementary oxygen were independent risk factors for ROP, while PET was protective (P ≤ 0.02). On multivariate analysis, a smaller GA was a risk factor, while PET and congenital heart disease were protective for ROP development (P ≤ 0.01). For Type 1 ROP, a lighter BW, smaller GA, surfactant use, and invasive mechanical ventilation were independent risk factors for ROP, while PET was protective (P ≤ 0.02). There were no significant covariates on multivariate analysis for Type 1 ROP. In ELBW, preterm Chinese infants, a smaller GA was a risk factor for ROP, while PET and congenital heart disease were protective for ROP development in multivariate analysis.
Sex Differences in the Burden and Complications of Diabetes.; PURPOSE OF THE REVIEW: To review the latest evidence on sex differences in the burden and complications of diabetes and discuss the potential explanations for the sex differences described. RECENT FINDINGS: Diabetes is a strong risk factor for vascular disease, with compelling evidence that the relative risks of vascular diseases conferred by diabetes are considerably greater in women than men. The mechanisms underpinning women's excess relative risk of vascular disease from diabetes are unknown. Sex differences in the health care provided for the prevention, management, and treatment of diabetes and its complications could contribute to women's greater excess relative risks of diabetes complications. However, since the excess risk of vascular disease is not seen for other major vascular risk factors, inherent biological factors may be more likely to be involved. In addition to other cardiometabolic pathways, the sex dimorphism in body composition and fat distribution may be particularly important in explaining women's greater excess risk of the vascular complications of diabetes. There is strong evidence to suggest that diabetes is a stronger risk factor for vascular disease in women than men. Although several mechanisms may be involved, further research is needed to provide new and deeper insights into the mechanisms underpinning sex differences in the association between diabetes and vascular diseases. Such research will inform patients, health care professionals, and policy makers to ensure that women are not disproportionately affected by diabetes, and will help to reduce the burden in both sexes.
Parental genetically predicted liability for coronary heart disease and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask or exacerbate a woman's underlying risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). We estimated associations of maternal and paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with lifelong risk of APOs. We hypothesized that associations would be found for women, but not their male partners (negative controls). METHODS: We studied up to 83,969‬ women (and up to 55,568‬ male partners) from the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study or the Trøndelag Health Study with genotyping data and lifetime history of any APO in their pregnancies (1967-2019) in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth). Maternal and paternal genetic risk scores (GRS) for CHD were generated using 148 gene variants (p-value < 5 × 10(-8), not in linkage disequilibrium). Associations between GRS for CHD and each APO were determined using logistic regression, adjusting for genomic principal components, in each cohort separately, and combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: One standard deviation higher GRS for CHD in women was related to increased risk of any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05-1.10), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.08, 95% CI 1.05-1.11), and small for gestational age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.01-1.06). Imprecise associations with lower odds of large for gestational age (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96-1.00) and higher odds of stillbirth (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98-1.11) were suggested. These findings remained consistent after adjusting for number of total pregnancies and the male partners' GRS and restricting analyses to stable couples. Associations for other APOs were close to the null. There was weak evidence of an association of paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.99-1.05), but not with other APOs. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age, and stillbirth may unmask women with a genetically predicted propensity for CHD. The association of paternal genetically predicted CHD risk with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners needs further exploration.
Knowledge, attitude and practices of insulin therapy among patients with type 2 diabetes: a cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitude and practices of patients with type 2 diabetes on insulin regarding insulin therapy. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SETTING: This study was conducted at the Dubai Diabetes Center from 1 December 2018 to 1 March 2020. PARTICIPANTS: Face-to-face interviews were conducted for 350 participants with type 2 diabetes at the Dubai Diabetes Center. Interviews followed the structured format of a questionnaire designed to obtain demographic details and score participants on knowledge, attitude and practices. We included patients aged >18 years and receiving insulin therapy. Patients with type 1 diabetes, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, those aged <18 years or those with a history of dementia were excluded. RESULTS: The median age of participants was 61 years (first quartile, 53 years; third quartile, 67 years); 35.7% were male individuals and 64.3% were female individuals. The median percentage scores for knowledge, attitude and practices were 62.5% (62.5%, 75%), 85.7% (71.4%, 100%) and 77.7% (66.6%, 88.8%), respectively. Highly educated participants had a high level of knowledge. Significant negative correlations were found between the percentage knowledge scores and participants' age and between the participants' percentage attitude scores and haemoglobin A1C levels; Spearman's correlations were -0.182 (p<0.001) and -0.14 (p=0.008), respectively. A significant positive Spearman's correlation of 0.123 (p=0.021) was found between the percentage knowledge and percentage practice scores. No correlations were found among knowledge levels, participants' haemoglobin A1c levels and duration of insulin use. CONCLUSION: Patients with type 2 diabetes receiving insulin therapy and attending the Dubai Diabetes Center had adequate knowledge, a positive attitude and correct practice regarding insulin therapy. However, knowledge of specific facts did not always translate into correct behaviours and practices.
Obstetric outcomes in 102 pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with particular pregnancy or delivery complications. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 102 consecutive pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis by polar body removal performed at Illinois Masonic Medical Center resulting in 114 live births were analyzed. All patients were given a delivery and newborn questionnaire, and attempts were made to contact and question them regarding any pregnancy complications and type of delivery. Permission was obtained to examine medical records and discuss the patient's pregnancy with her obstetrician when questions existed with respect to complications or indication for cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Delivery and newborn questionnaires were completed or telephone contact was achieved for 100 of the 102 pregnancies. There were 85 singleton, 9 twin, and 7 triplet pregnancies. Of the 7 triplet gestations, 3 couples elected multifetal pregnancy reduction to twins and healthy triplets were born to 4 couples between 32 and 36 weeks by cesarean delivery. Of the 80 singleton deliveries, 60 (75%) progressed to term. Of these 60 term singleton deliveries, 34 were vaginal, 23 were cesarean (40%), and 3 delivery types were unknown. The incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants was 3% for neonates in the 60 term singleton deliveries and 7% in the entire cohort of 80 singleton deliveries. Only 3 pregnancy complications (other than premature delivery) were reported more than once. There were 3 instances each of gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, and pregnancy-induced hypertension. There was 1 case each of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) syndrome, congestive heart failure, mild oligohydramnios, and abruptio placentae. The indications for cesarean delivery were (in descending order) failure of labor to progress (n = 7), fetal distress (n = 4), placenta previa (n = 4), elective repeat cesarean delivery (n = 4), triplets (n = 3), uterine scarring (n = 3), 1 twin in the breech position (n = 3), failed forceps delivery (n = 2), and a variety of other indications that occurred in only 1 patient each. All preimplantation genetic diagnoses were confirmed by prenatal or postnatal testing. No diagnostic errors were made in this cohort of patients or in any patients undergoing preimplantation genetic diagnosis having polar body removal in our center. CONCLUSIONS: Preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with a risk of multiple gestations, cesarean delivery, and placenta previa. Cesarean delivery rates and multiple gestation rates are comparable to those of patients undergoing in vitro fertilization in general. The preimplantation genetic diagnosis itself does not seem to cause an increased risk for any particular pregnancy complication, with the possible exception of placenta previa, which was seen in 4% of patients.
Insulin therapy--role beyond glucose control.; Larger studies had shown improved patient outcome and lower probability of coronary artery disease in insulin treated groups. The classical lipid abnormalities associated with type 2 diabetes are low HDL-cholesterol concentration and high triglyceride concentration. Insulin usage leads to a decrease in triglyceride concentration, primarily by its effect on the enzyme adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase. Insulin suppresses the enzyme, thereby controlling lipolysis in uncontrolled diabetes. Insulins therapy also improves the endothelial dysfunction especially in people with evident macrovascular complications. Though insulin is noted to increase adrenergic tone and may cause elevation of blood pressure, still patients with insulinoma do not have high blood pressure. Some studies suggest weight gain with insulin therapy, others contradict it. One study suggests that insulin does not affect treatment satisfaction. Insulin is known to improve the glycaemic scenario and also the insulin secretory pattern by reducing the glucotoxicity.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes of births to women with psoriasis: a population-based cohort of 13 million births.; PURPOSE: Psoriasis is a common auto-immune disease affecting the skin and joints for which the current literature remains limited and contradictory in the context of pregnancy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the association between psoriasis in pregnancy and maternal and newborn outcomes. METHODS: A population based retrospective cohort study was conducted using the 1999-2015 United States' Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample. ICD-9 codes were used to identify delivery admissions to women with or without psoriasis, as well as maternal and fetal outcomes. Adjusting for baseline characteristics, multivariate logistic regression models were performed to estimate the effects of psoriasis on maternal and newborn outcomes. RESULTS: The cohort consisted of 3737 women with psoriasis, among a total of 13,792,544 pregnancy admissions in US hospitals between the years 1999 and 2015, for a period prevalence of 27.1 cases per 100,000 pregnant women. Psoriasis was associated with preeclampsia, OR 1.4 (95% CI 1.2-1.6), gestational diabetes, 1.27 (1.13-1.42), myocardial infarction, 13.4 (3.3-54.6), chorioamnionitis, 1.3 (1.0-1.6), delivery by cesarean section, 1.2 (1.1-1.3), anemia, 1.74 (1.18-2.57), and requiring blood transfusions, 1.4 (1.0-1.8). Their newborns were at higher risk of being born preterm, 1.2 (1.1-1.4), congenital anomalies, 1.7 (1.2-2.4), and intra-uterine growth restriction, 1.5 (1.2-1.7). CONCLUSION: Women with psoriasis and their newborns appear more prone to adverse outcomes of pregnancy. It would be prudent for these women to be followed closely during pregnancy by their obstetrical caregiver and dermatologist. Further investigation is warranted regarding the management of psoriasis during pregnancy.
Long-term effect of maternal obesity on pancreatic beta cells of offspring: reduced beta cell adaptation to high glucose and high-fat diet challenges in adult female mouse offspring.; AIM/HYPOTHESIS: Obesity is a global problem with high risks of cardiovascular diseases, stroke and type 2 diabetes. It is well known that maternal obesity affects offspring by inducing malformation, functional abnormalities in many organs and cells, and by increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about abnormalities induced by maternal obesity in pancreatic beta cells of offspring. METHODS: We used mouse mothers with the Agouti yellow modification on a C57BL/6 background as a maternal model of normoglycaemic obesity, and produced Agouti-negative offspring. Half of the offspring were fed a high-fat diet. Offspring glucose tolerance was tested at different ages, and animals were killed at 50 weeks of age for islet function analysis. RESULTS: Maternal obesity impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring fed a high-fat diet, and significantly reduced insulin secretion at 50 weeks of age in female offspring that had been fed a normal diet and high-fat diet. Insulin secretion and glucose potentiation from these islets were significantly reduced. Islet protein, DNA and insulin contents were increased while glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and transketolase activities were reduced in female offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our results indicate that maternal obesity has a long-term effect on the beta cells of female, but not of male, offspring, and leads to increased risk of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the offspring's later lives.
Postpartum Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women Following Pregnancy Complications.; Background: Breastfeeding is associated with lower cardiovascular (CV) risk over the long-term, however, less is known about its immediate effects among women with a recent complicated pregnancy. The objective of this study is to investigate the short-term effects of breastfeeding on markers of cardiovascular disease risk among women ∼6 months after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, abruption, or preterm birth. Materials and Methods: Our cross-sectional analysis includes 622 women seen at 6 months postpartum (interquartile range: 5.7-6.7) between November 2011 and December 2017 at a tertiary care center. Self-reported breastfeeding status and measured CV risk factors were assessed at the same visit. CV risk factors were compared between women who did not breastfeed (n = 100, 16%), those who breastfed for less than 6 months (n = 315, 51%), and those who breastfed for 6 months or more (n = 207, 33%) using multivariate logistic and linear regression. Results: Increased breastfeeding duration significantly decreased the likelihood of metabolic syndrome (adjusted odds ratio [95% confidence interval; CI]: 0.89 [0.79-0.99]), abnormal fasting glucose (0.79 [0.64-0.96]), and ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (0.86 [0.78-0.95]). Furthermore, body mass index (estimated beta coefficients [95% CI] -0.10 [-0.18 to -0.02]), fasting glucose (-0.05 [-0.08 to -0.02]), triglycerides (-0.07 [-0.10 to -0.04]), and ratio of total cholesterol to HDL-C (-0.06 [-0.10 to -0.03]) also decreased with increased breastfeeding duration, while HDL-C increased (0.02 [-0.01 to -0.04]). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding is associated with decreased indicators of CV risk in a cohort of women with recent pregnancy complication.
[Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (3-6 times compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (2-3 times compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
Diagnosis and Management of Prediabetes: A Review.; IMPORTANCE: Prediabetes, an intermediate stage between normal glucose regulation and diabetes, affects 1 in 3 adults in the US and approximately 720 million individuals worldwide. OBSERVATIONS: Prediabetes is defined by a fasting glucose level of 100 to 125 mg/dL, a glucose level of 140 to 199 mg/dL measured 2 hours after a 75-g oral glucose load, or glycated hemoglobin level (HbA1C) of 5.7% to 6.4% or 6.0% to 6.4%. In the US, approximately 10% of people with prediabetes progress to having diabetes each year. A meta-analysis found that prediabetes at baseline was associated with increased mortality and increased cardiovascular event rates (excess absolute risk, 7.36 per 10 000 person-years for mortality and 8.75 per 10 000 person-years for cardiovascular disease during 6.6 years). Intensive lifestyle modification, consisting of calorie restriction, increased physical activity (≥150 min/wk), self-monitoring, and motivational support, decreased the incidence of diabetes by 6.2 cases per 100 person-years during a 3-year period. Metformin decreased the risk of diabetes among individuals with prediabetes by 3.2 cases per 100 person-years during 3 years. Metformin is most effective for women with prior gestational diabetes and for individuals younger than 60 years with body mass index of 35 or greater, fasting plasma glucose level of 110 mg/dL or higher, or HbA1c level of 6.0% or higher. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Prediabetes is associated with increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular events, and mortality. First-line therapy for prediabetes is lifestyle modification that includes weight loss and exercise or metformin. Lifestyle modification is associated with a larger benefit than metformin.
Maternal age and risk for adverse outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to characterize the risk for severe maternal morbidity and other pregnancy complications by maternal age during delivery hospitalizations. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort analysis used the Perspective database to characterize the risk for adverse maternal outcomes from 2006 to 2015 based on maternal age. Women were divided into 7 categories based on maternal age: 15-17, 18-24, 25-29, 30-34, 35-39, 40-44, and 45-54 years of age. The primary outcome of this study was severe maternal morbidity as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Secondary outcomes included (1) overall comorbid risk; (2) risk for pregnancy complications such as postpartum hemorrhage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery; and (3) risk for individual severe morbidity diagnoses such as stroke, embolism, eclampsia, and hysterectomy. Adjusted models were fitted to assess factors associated with severe morbidity with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) as measures of effect. Population weights were applied to create national estimates. RESULTS: Of 36,944,292 deliveries included, 2.5% occurred among women aged 15-17 years (n = 921,236), 29.1% to women aged 18-24 years (n = 10,732,715), 28.6% to women aged 25-29 years (n = 10,564,850), 24.9% to women aged 30-34 years (n = 9,213,227), 12.1% to women aged 35-39 years (n = 4,479,236), 2.6% to women aged 40-44 years (n = 974,289), and 0.2% to women aged 45-54 years (n = 58,739). In unadjusted analyses, severe morbidity was more than 3 times higher (risk ratio [RR], 3.33, 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.03-3.66) for women 45-54 years compared with women 25-29 years. Women aged 40-44, 35-39, and 15-17 years were also at increased risk (RR, 1.83, 95% CI, 1.77-1.89; RR, 1.36, 95% CI, 1.33-1.39; RR, 1.39, 95% CI, 1.34-1.45, respectively). In the adjusted model, the 45-54 year old group was associated with the highest relative risk (aRR, 3.46, 95% CI, 3.15-3.80) followed by the 40-44 year old group (aRR 1.90, 95% CI, 1.84-1.97), the 35-39 year old group (aRR, 1.43, 95% CI, 1.40-1.47), and the 15-17 year old group (aRR, 1.20, 95% CI, 1.15-1.24). Cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes were most common among women aged 45-54 years, as were thrombosis and hysterectomy. CONCLUSION: While differential risk was noted across maternal age categories, women aged 45 years old and older were at highest risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes during delivery hospitalizations.
Association Between Maternal Factors and Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to summarize the evidence describing the relationship between maternal factors during gestation and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library were searched for potentially relevant reports from inception to May 2021. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) calculated by the random-effects model were used to evaluate the association between maternal factors and CHD risk. RESULTS: There was a significant association between CHD risk and obesity in pregnancy (OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.22-1.37; P < 0.001), smoking in pregnancy (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.07-1.25; P < 0.001), maternal diabetes (OR 2.65, 95% CI 2.20-3.19; P < 0.001), and exposure of pregnant women to organic solvents (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.23-2.70; P = 0.003). No correlations were revealed between CHD susceptibility and advanced maternal age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.96-1.12; P = 0.328), underweight (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96-1.08; P = 0.519), alcohol intake in pregnancy (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.95-1.22; P = 0.251), coffee intake (OR 1.18, 95% CI 0.97-1.44; P = 0.105), and exposure to irradiation (OR 1.80, 95% CI 0.85-3.80; P = 0.125). DISCUSSION: Maternal factors including maternal obesity, smoking in pregnancy, maternal diabetes and exposure to organic solvents might predispose the offspring to CHD risk.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Moroccan women: systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the major cause of disability and premature death. This is due to the ascending trend of consuming an unhealthy diet and obesity which increases the risk of hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The main aim of this review was to fill the knowledge gap by providing an up-to-date overview of the prevalence of CVD risk factors among women and to estimate the pooled prevalence among adolescent and pregnant women in Morocco. METHODS: The review included original cross-sectional studies reporting the prevalence of CVD risk factors in Moroccan women aged ≥ 15 years, published between January 2008 and December 2022. The databases searched included MEDLINE, Scopus, Web of Science, Google Scholar and national government publications (PROSPERO ID: CRD42023426809). RESULTS: Initially, 1471 articles were identified, and 76 studies were included. The most commonly reported CVD risk factor was obesity (reported in 56 studies), the prevalence of obesity varies according to the age groups of women with the rate being particularly high in urban women aged ≥ 35 years (ranging of 14-44.9%). Followed by diabetes (ranging from 7.2 to 12.6%) with a high rate in menopausal women. Hypertension prevalence ranged from 29.8 to 39.29%. Among adolescents, the overall prevalence of obesity was 3.15% (95% CI: 2.6%, 3.7%) and the prevalence of physical inactivity was 56.5% (95% CI: 36.9 - 76%). Among pregnant women, the overall prevalence of obesity was 26.8% (95% CI: 15.5 - 38.2%). Gestational diabetes and hypertension were 15.2% (95% CI: 6.3 - 24.1%) and 7.07% (95% CI: 2.5 - 11.6%), respectively. CONCLUSION: This review highlights the significant burden of CVD risk factors among Moroccan women, with a high prevalences of diabetes, obesity, hypertension. The prevalences of these risk factors varies with age, being notably higher in older age groups. These findings underscore the need for targeted public health interventions to address these risk factors. Future research should focus on longitudinal studies and standardized assessment tools to enhance the robustness of prevalence estimates and inform effective prevention strategies.
Cesarean birth is associated with lower motor and language development scores during early childhood: a longitudinal analysis of two cohorts.; With global C-section rates rising, understanding potential consequences is imperative. Previous studies suggested links between birth mode and psychological outcomes. This study evaluates the association of birth mode and neurodevelopment in young children across two prospective cohorts, using repeated psychometric assessments. Data from the ELEMENT (Early Life Exposures in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants) and PROGRESS (Programming Research in Obesity, Growth, and Environment and Social Stress) cohorts, comprising 7158 and 2202 observations of 1402 children aged 2 to 36 months, and 726 children aged 5 to 27 months, respectively, were analyzed. Exclusion criteria for the cohorts were maternal diseases such as preeclampsia, renal or heart disease, gestational diabetes, and epilepsy. Neurodevelopment was gauged via Bayley's Scales of Infant Development: 2nd edition for ELEMENT and 3rd edition for PROGRESS. Mixed-effects models longitudinally estimated associations between birth mode and neurodevelopment scores, adjusting for cofounders. In ELEMENT, psychomotor development composite scores were significantly affected by birth mode from ages 2 to 8 months; the largest estimate within this range was at 2 months (β =-1.93; 95% CI: [-3.64, -0.22], reference: vaginal delivery). For PROGRESS, a negative association was found with motor development composite scores over all the studied age range (β=-1.91; 95% CI: [-3.01, -0.81]). The association was stronger between ages 6 to 18 months, with the strongest estimate at 11 months (β=-2.58; 95% CI: [-4.37, -0.74]). A negative impact of C-section on language scores in girls was estimated for the PROGRESS cohort (β=-1.92; 95% CI: [-3.57, -0.27]), most marked in ages 22 to 25 months (largest β at 24.5 months=-3.04; 95% CI: [-5.79, -0.30]). Children born by C-section showed lower motor and language development scores during specific age windows in the first three years of life. Further research is necessary to understand the complexities and implications of these findings.
Early postpartum blood pressure screening is associated with increased detection of cardiovascular risk factors in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia, are risk factors for cardiovascular (CV) disease. Guidelines recommend that women with HDP be screened for the development of hypertension (HTN) within 6-12 months postpartum. However, the extent to which this early blood pressure (BP) screening is being performed and the impact on detection of CV risk factors is unknown. METHODS: Women with HDP and without pre-existing hypertension (HTN) who had at least 6 months of clinical follow-up were categorized by postpartum BP screening status: early BP screen (6-12 months after delivery) or late BP screen (≥12 months after delivery). Multivariable logistic regression identified factors associated with early screening. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards modeling examined the association between early screening and detection of incident CV risk factors: HTN, prediabetes, diabetes mellitus type 2, or hyperlipidemia. RESULTS: Among 4194 women with HDP, 1172 (28%) received early BP screening. Older age, pre-existing hyperlipidemia, diabetes, sickle cell disease, hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes, and delivery during or after 2014 were independently associated with early BP screening, whereas Hispanic ethnicity was associated with late BP screening. Early BP screening was most commonly performed at a primary care visit. After a median follow-up of 3.7 years, 1012 (24%) women had at least 1 new risk factor detected. Even after adjustment for baseline risk, women receiving early BP screening had a significantly higher rate of incident CV risk factor detection than women receiving late BP screening (56% vs 28%; adj. HR 2.70, 95%CI: 2.33-3.23, P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: Early postpartum BP screening was performed in a minority of women with HDP, but was associated with greater detection of CV risk factors. More intensive postpartum CV screening and targeted interventions are needed to optimize CV health in this high-risk population of women with HDP.
Body Mass Index, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a well-established risk factor for both adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is not known whether APOs are mediators or markers of the obesity-CVD relationship. This study examined the association between body mass index, APOs, and postpartum CVD risk factors. METHODS: The sample included adults from the nuMoM2b (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-To-Be) Heart Health Study who were enrolled in their first trimester (6 weeks-13 weeks 6 days gestation) from 8 United States sites. Participants had a follow-up visit at 3.7 years postpartum. APOs, which included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, and gestational diabetes, were centrally adjudicated. Mediation analyses estimated the association between early pregnancy body mass index and postpartum CVD risk factors (hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes) and the proportion mediated by each APO adjusted for demographics and baseline health behaviors, psychosocial stressors, and CVD risk factor levels. RESULTS: Among 4216 participants enrolled, mean±SD maternal age was 27±6 years. Early pregnancy prevalence of overweight was 25%, and obesity was 22%. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy occurred in 15%, preterm birth in 8%, small-for-gestational-age birth in 11%, and gestational diabetes in 4%. Early pregnancy obesity, compared with normal body mass index, was associated with significantly higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.10-1.18]), hyperlipidemia (1.11 [95% CI, 1.08-1.14]), and diabetes (1.03 [95% CI, 1.01-1.04]) even after adjustment for baseline CVD risk factor levels. APOs were associated with higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (1.97 [95% CI, 1.61-2.40]) and hyperlipidemia (1.31 [95% CI, 1.03-1.67]). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mediated a small proportion of the association between obesity and incident hypertension (13% [11%-15%]) and did not mediate associations with incident hyperlipidemia or diabetes. There was no significant mediation by preterm birth or small-for-gestational-age birth. CONCLUSIONS: There was heterogeneity across APO subtypes in their association with postpartum CVD risk factors and mediation of the association between early pregnancy obesity and postpartum CVD risk factors. However, only a small or nonsignificant proportion of the association between obesity and CVD risk factors was mediated by any of the APOs, suggesting APOs are a marker of prepregnancy CVD risk and not a predominant cause of postpartum CVD risk.
Maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro trigger Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis through FoxO3a.; Recent controversies surrounding the authenticity of c-kit(+) cardiac progenitor cells significantly push back the advance in regenerative therapies for cardiovascular diseases. There is an urgent need for research in characterizing alternative types of cardiac progenitor cells. Towards this goal, in the present study, we determined the effect of maternal diabetes on Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells. Maternal diabetes induced caspase 3-dependent apoptosis in Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells derived from embryonic day 17.5 (E17.5). Similarly, high glucose in vitro but not the glucose osmotic control mannitol triggered Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Both maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro activated the pro-apoptotic transcription factor, Forkhead O 3a (FoxO3a) via dephosphorylation at threonine 32 (Thr-32) residue. foxo3a gene deletion abolished maternal diabetes-induced Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis. The dominant negative FoxO3a mutant without the transactivation domain from the C terminus blocked high glucose-induced Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis, whereas the constitutively active FoxO3a mutant with the three phosphorylation sites, Thr-32, Ser-253, and Ser-315, being replaced by alanine residues mimicked the pro-apoptotic effect of high glucose. Thus, maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro may limit the regenerative potential of Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells by inducing apoptosis through FoxO3a activation. These findings will serve as the guide in optimizing the autologous therapy using Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells in cardiac defect babies born exposed to maternal diabetes.
Public Health Data in Action: An Analysis of Using Louisiana Vital Statistics for Quality Improvement and Payment Reform.; Introduction In 2012, the Louisiana (LA) Department of Health and Hospitals revised the LA birth certificate to include medical reasons for births before 39 completed weeks' gestation. We compared the completeness and validity of these data with hospital discharge records. Methods For births occurring 4/1/2012-9/30/2012 at Woman's Hospital of Baton Rouge, we linked maternal delivery and newborn birth data collected through the National Perinatal Information Center with LA birth certificates. Among early term births (37-38 completed weeks' gestation), we quantified the reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate and compared them with ICD-9-CM codes from Woman's discharge data. Results Among 4353 birth certificates indicating delivery at Woman's Hospital, we matched 99.8% to corresponding Woman's administrative data. Among 1293 early term singleton births, the most common reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate were spontaneous active labor (57.5%), gestational hypertensive disorders (15.3%), gestational diabetes (8.7%), and premature rupture of membranes (8.1%). Only 2.7% of births indicated "other reason" as the only reason for early delivery. Most reasons for early delivery had >80% correspondence with ICD-9-CM codes. Lower correspondence (35 and 72%, respectively) was observed for premature rupture of membranes and abnormal heart rate or fetal distress. Discussion There was near-perfect ability to match LA birth certificates with Woman's Hospital records, and the agreement between reasons for early delivery on the birth certificate and ICD-9-CM codes was high. A benchmark of 2.7% can be used as an attainable frequency of "other reason" for early delivery reported by hospitals. Louisiana implemented an effective mechanism to identify and explain early deliveries using vital records.
Normalized Weight of Iranian Newborns According to Gestational Age: A Nationwide Study.; BACKGROUND: By organizing birth weights according to gestational age at birth, reference weight values for different sex-gestational ages are provided. METHODS: Data of 1,090,779 mothers and their neonates were gathered from 30 provinces of Iran. Pregnancy complications, maternal risk factors, type of delivery, maternal outcome, neonatal sex and APGAR score were determined. Birth weights were quantified into 3rd, 50th and 97th centile. Regression analysis was used to estimate birth weight of neonates. RESULTS: Birth weight showed an enhancing trend with age; boys weighed more, multiparous women had higher neonatal birth weight, mothers with cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus had heavier infants, and mothers aged below 20 years had lower estimated infant birth weight. Gestational age (beta = 147.3) and male sex (beta = 114.9) were the most important independent variables, respectively for predicting birth weight (R-square = 0.512 and P < 0.001). In other words, with each unit increase in gestational age, birth weight would increase by 147.3 grams. Male fetuses were also 114.9 grams heavier than females of the same gestational age. Value of R-square shows relatively acceptable goodness of this statistical model. CONCLUSION: A national reference for fetal growth patterns and related factors was determined in this study.
Evidence of interaction between PPARG2 and HNF4A contributing to variation in insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans.; OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and variants in the promoter region of HNF4A are associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits in Mexican-American families of a proband with previous gestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The BetaGene project genotyped PPARG2 Pro12Ala and nine HNF4A single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 473 individuals in 89 families. Members of the proband generation had fasting glucose <126 mg/dl and were phenotyped by oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests. RESULTS: Neither PPARG2 Pro12Ala nor any of the nine HNF4A SNPs were independently associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits. However, the interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and HNF4A rs2144908 was significantly associated with both insulin sensitivity (S(I)) (Bonferroni P = 0.0006) and 2-h insulin (Bonferroni P = 0.039). Subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had 40% higher S(I) compared with individuals with at least one G allele. S(I) did not vary by rs2144908 genotype among PPARG2 Pro/Pro. The interaction result for S(I) was replicated by the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study (P = 0.018) in their San Antonio sample (n = 484) where subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had a 29% higher S(I) compared with individuals with at least one G allele. However, the interaction was not replicated in their San Luis Valley sample (n = 496; P = 0.401). CONCLUSIONS: Together, these results suggest that variation in PPARG2 and HNF4A may interact to regulate insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes.
Pharmaceutical cost and multimorbidity with type 2 diabetes mellitus using electronic health record data.; BACKGROUND: The objective of the study is to estimate the frequency of multimorbidity in type 2 diabetes patients classified by health statuses in a European region and to determine the impact on pharmaceutical expenditure. METHODS: Cross-sectional study of the inhabitants of a southeastern European region with a population of 5,150,054, using data extracted from Electronic Health Records for 2012. 491,854 diabetic individuals were identified and selected through clinical codes, Clinical Risk Groups and diabetes treatment and/or blood glucose reagent strips. Patients with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes were excluded. All measurements were obtained at individual level. The prevalence of common chronic diseases and co-occurrence of diseases was established using factorial analysis. RESULTS: The estimated prevalence of diabetes was 9.6 %, with nearly 70 % of diabetic patients suffering from more than two comorbidities. The most frequent of these was hypertension, which for the groups of patients in Clinical Risk Groups (CRG) 6 and 7 was 84.3 % and 97.1 % respectively. Regarding age, elderly patients have more probability of suffering complications than younger people. Moreover, women suffer complications more frequently than men, except for retinopathy, which is more common in males. The highest use of insulins, oral antidiabetics (OAD) and combinations was found in diabetic patients who also suffered cardiovascular disease and neoplasms. The average cost for insulin was 153€ and that of OADs 306€. Regarding total pharmaceutical cost, the greatest consumers were patients with comorbidities of respiratory illness and neoplasms, with respective average costs of 2,034.2€ and 1,886.9€. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes is characterized by the co-occurrence of other diseases, which has implications for disease management and leads to a considerable increase in consumption of medicines for this pathology and, as such, pharmaceutical expenditure.
The prevention of type 2 diabetes: what is the evidence?; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing in epidemic proportion worldwide. Because of the morbidity and mortality associated with the disease, it is becoming a major burden for the health care system. With a better understanding of the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes, the concept of primary prevention has emerged. A number of studies demonstrated that both lifestyle modification program and pharmacological interventions in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) can prevent or delay the progression to diabetes. The Diabetes Prevention Study (DPS) and the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) convincingly showed that an intensive lifestyle modification program is highly effective in decreasing the risk of diabetes in a high risk population (risk reduction of 58%). Four other smaller studies have made similar observations. The DPP study showed that metformin can reduced the risk of diabetes by 31% in subjects with IGT. The STOP-NIDDM trial confirmed the efficacy of acarbose in decreasing the risk of diabetes by 36% in similar high risk population. The TRIPOD study showed that troglitazone can reduce the incidence of diabetes by 55% in Hispanic women with a history of gestational diabetes. And more recently, the XENDOS study showed that in very obese population on intensive lifestyle modification program, xenical treatment was associated with a 37% reduced incidence of diabetes compared to placebo. Three studies suggested that bariatric surgery in morbidly obese subjects with or without IGT can reduce the incidence of diabetes to near zero. Eight of 10 studies showed that treatment with inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system in high risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD) were associated with a significant reduction in the subsequent development of diabetes as a secondary outcome. The WOSCOPS study and the HERS study examined the effect of pravastatin and estrogen/progestin respectively on cardiovascular events and observed that these pharmacological interventions were associated with a 30% and 35% reduction in the incidence of diabetes as secondary outcome. There are 3 major trials currently in progress examining the effect of rosiglitazone/ramipril (the DREAM study), nateglinide/valsartan (the NAVIGATOR study) and pioglitazone (the ACT NOW study) on the development of diabetes in IGT subjects as a primary outcome. We also have 3 studies studying the prevention of diabetes as secondary outcomes: the ONTARGET-TRANSCEND study examining telmisartan with or without ramipril, and the ORIGIN study testing glargine insulin/omega 3. The evidence is overwelming-diabetes can be prevented or delayed in high risk population through lifestyle modification or pharmacological interventions. This new information now has to be translated in the real world into well defined strategies for screening and treating high risk population. Prevention of the disease is our only chance to alleviate the ever growing burden of diabetes mellitus in the world.
Analysis of big data for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features.; PURPOSE: High rate of preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks of gestation) in the world, its negative outcomes for pregnant women and newborns necessitate to predict preterm birth and identify its main risk factors. Premature deliveries have been divided into provider-initiated (with medical intervention for early terminating the pregnancy) and spontaneous preterm birth (without any intervention) categories in the previous studies. The main aim of this study is proposing methods for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features. METHODS: Data from national databank of Maternal and neonatal records (IMAN registry) is used in the study. The collected data have information about more than 1,400,000 deliveries with 112 features. Among them, 116,080 preterm births have occurred (from which 11,799 and 104,281 cases belong to provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature delivery, respectively). The data can be considered as big data due to its large number of data records, large number of the features and unbalanced distribution of the data between three classes of term, provider-initiated and spontaneous preterm birth. Therefore, we need to analyze data based on big data algorithms. In this paper, Map Reduce-based machine learning algorithms named MR-PB-PFS are proposed for this purpose. Map phase use parallel feature selection and classification methods to score the features. Reduce phase aggregates the feature scores obtained in Map phase and assign final scores to the features. Moreover, the classifiers trained in Map phase are aggregated based on two different ensemble rules in Reduce phase. RESULTS: Experimental results show that the best performance of the proposed models for preterm birth prediction is accuracy of 81% and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 68%. Top features for predicting term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth identified in this study are having pregnancy risk factors, having gestational diabetes, having cardiovascular disease, maternal underlying diseases, and mother age. Chronic blood pressure is a high rank feature for preterm birth prediction and father nationality is highly important for discriminating provider-initiated from spontaneous premature delivery. CONCLUSIONS: Identifying the pregnant women with high risk of spontaneous premature or therapeutic preterm delivery in our proposed model can help them to: (1) reduce the probability of premature birth with monitoring and management of the main risk factors and/or (2) educate them to care from the premature newborn. Management and monitoring top features discriminating term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth or their associated factors can reduce preterm labor or its negative outcomes.
Contributions of the Nurses' Health Studies to Reproductive Health Research.; OBJECTIVES: To review the Nurses' Health Study's (NHS's) contribution to identifying risk factors and long-term health consequences of reproductive events. METHODS: We performed a narrative review of the NHS I, NHS II, NHS3, and Growing Up Today Study (GUTS) publications between 1976 and 2016. RESULTS: Collection of detailed reproductive history to identify breast cancer risk factors allowed the NHS to document an association between menstrual irregularities, a proxy for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The NHS II found that infertility associated with ovulation problems and gestational diabetes are largely preventable through diet and lifestyle modification. It also identified developmental and nutritional risk factors for pregnancy loss, endometriosis, and uterine leiomyomata. As women in NHS II age, it has become possible to address questions regarding long-term health consequences of pregnancy complications and benign gynecologic conditions on chronic disease risk. Furthermore, the NHS3 and GUTS are allowing new lines of research into human fertility, PCOS, and transgenerational effects of environmental exposures. CONCLUSIONS: The multigenerational resources of the NHSs and GUTS, including linkages of related individuals across cohorts, can improve women's health from preconception through late adulthood and onto the next generation.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of maternal renal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM) and preterm birth have been linked to maternal cardiovascular disease in later life. Pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum microalbuminuria, but there is no clear consensus on whether HDP increases the risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Similarly, it is uncertain whether GDM, preterm birth and delivery of low birth-weight infants independently predict the risk of maternal renal disease in later life. The aims of this proposed systematic review and meta-analysis are to summarise the available evidence examining the association between adverse outcomes of pregnancy (HDP, GDM, preterm birth, delivery of low birth-weight infant) and later maternal renal disease and to synthesise the results of relevant studies. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: A systematic search of PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science will be undertaken using a detailed prespecified search strategy. Two authors will independently review the titles and abstracts of all studies, perform data extraction and appraise the quality of included studies using a bias classification tool. Original case-control and cohort studies published in English will be considered for inclusion. Primary outcomes of interest will be CKD and ESKD; secondary outcomes will be hospitalisation for renal disease and deaths from renal disease. Meta-analyses will be performed to calculate the overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. The systematic review will follow the Meta-analyses Of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This systematic review and meta-analysis will be based on published data, and thus there is no requirement for ethics approval. The results will be shared through publication in a peer reviewed journal and through presentations at academic conferences. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42018110891.
Contraception counseling, pregnancy intention and contraception use in women with medical problems: an analysis of data from the Maryland Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS).; BACKGROUND: Data from the Maryland Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) were used to evaluate whether women with selected medical comorbidities are less likely than healthier women to report receiving contraceptive counseling during pregnancy and to report using contraception postpartum. METHODS: We analyzed de-identified data from the 2004-2007 Maryland PRAMS using logistic regression to evaluate these outcomes: undesired pregnancy, self-reported antepartum contraceptive counseling and postpartum contraceptive use for women with and without hypertension, diabetes or heart disease. Survey data were used to estimate response frequency within the Maryland birth population. RESULTS: Patient self-report of contraceptive use increased overall during the postpartum period as compared to the antepartum period, from 44.3%-90.1% (p<.001). Almost one fourth (23%) of 6361 respondents reported receiving no contraceptive counseling. There was no difference in reported contraceptive counseling in women with selected medical comorbidities as compared to those without, and only women with preconception diabetes mellitus were significantly less likely than healthier women to report postpartum contraceptive use. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, there was no difference in the report of receiving contraceptive counseling in women with selected medical comorbidities as compared to than those without. In addition, they were not more likely to report receiving contraceptive counseling either despite higher risk of pregnancy complications. These results indicate lost opportunities for effective counseling that could improve health outcomes.
How are we diagnosing cardiometabolic risk in primary care settings?; AIMS: To assess attitudes, barriers and practices of clinicians in assessing and treating cardiometabolic risk in overweight adults. METHODS: In 2006, primary care physicians and mid-level practitioners in Montana were surveyed (N=430). RESULTS: Most primary care clinicians (95%) recognized the clinical benefit of weight loss, but many cited patient motivation (87%), lack of support services (61%), and lack of time (58%) as barriers. Over 80% identified obesity, hypertension, abnormal lipids, history of gestational diabetes, and family history as indications for diabetes screening. Most clinicians used fasting glucose (89%), random glucose (58%), and A1c (42%) as initial screens for diabetes. To confirm the diagnosis, the majority of respondents used A1c testing (80%) or fasting glucose (64%). Approximately one-quarter used the diagnosis pre-diabetes (26%), but just over half (52%) used alternative diagnoses of glucose intolerance. Sixty-five percent used the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. Of those using metabolic syndrome, mid-level practitioners were more likely than physicians to assess waist circumference (49% vs. 63%). CONCLUSIONS: Despite citing significant barriers, clinicians routinely assessed cardiometabolic risk with diabetes screening, but relatively few reported using the diagnosis pre-diabetes. Metabolic syndrome was used commonly to diagnose overweight adults at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
[Association of maternal diabetes mellitus and UCP2 gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring: a case-control study].; OBJECTIVE: To study the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) gene polymorphisms, and their interaction with the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. METHODS: A hospital-based case-control study was conducted. A total of 464 mothers of children with CHD alone who were diagnosed in Hunan Children's Hospital from March 2018 to August 2019 were enrolled as the case group. A total of 504 mothers of healthy children who were hospitalized during the same period and did not have any deformity were enrolled as the control group. A questionnaire survey was performed to collect the information on exposure. Venous blood samples (5 mL) were collected from the mothers to detect UCP2 gene polymorphisms. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the association of maternal DM, UCP2 gene polymorphisms, and their interaction with CHD in offspring. RESULTS: After control for confounding factors, the multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that mothers with gestational DM (OR=2.96, 95%CI: 1.57-5.59), a history of gestational DM (OR=3.16, 95%CI: 1.59-6.28), and pregestational DM (OR=4.52, 95%CI: 2.41-8.50) significantly increased the risk of CHD in offspring (P<0.05). The polymorphisms of the UCP2 gene at rs659366 (T/C vs C/C: OR=1.49, 95%CI: 1.02-2.16; T/T vs C/C: OR=2.77, 95%CI: 1.67-4.62) and rs660339 (A/A vs G/G: OR=2.19, 95%CI: 1.34-3.58) were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring (P<0.05). The interaction analysis showed an interaction between the polymorphisms of the UCP2 gene at rs659366 and rs660339 and maternal DM in the development of CHD (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal DM, UCP2 gene polymorphisms, and their interaction are associated with the development of CHD in offspring.
Gestational age and birth weight in relation to aortic stiffness in healthy young adults: two separate mechanisms?; BACKGROUND: Impaired vascular development due to intrauterine growth retardation and postnatal-induced vascular damage by an unfavorable cardiovascular risk profile may both cause stiffer arteries in later decades. METHODS: Of 524 young adults, participating in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Young Adults (ARYA) study, data on birth characteristics were obtained from the original medical records of the Municipal Health Service and the extent of aortic stiffness was assessed using carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV). RESULTS: The PWV showed an inverse trend with gestational age (linear regression coefficient (beta) = -0.07 m/sec per 1 week; P =.064) whereas it was positively related to birth weight (beta = 0.33 m/sec per 1 kg; P =.020), adjusted for blood pressure (BP), gender, age, and each other. After exclusion of the 26 prematurely born infants, the association with gestational age was attenuated (beta = -0.03 m/sec per 1 week; P =.582), whereas the relation with birth weight hardly changed (beta = 0.30 m/sec per 1 kg; P =.041). In an analysis in which we excluded the 26 subjects with diabetic mothers the birth weight-PWV relation was attenuated (beta = 0.21 m/sec per 1 kg; P =.169). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that prematurity drives the relation of gestational age and PWV, whereas risk of impaired glucose tolerance drives the relation of birth weight and PWV. We hypothesized that two separate mechanisms might be involved in the development of arterial stiffness in healthy young adults.
Pregnancy outcomes of refractory epilepsy patients treated with Brain-responsive neurostimulation.; OBJECTIVE: To study the pregnancy outcomes, including obstetric complications and fetal outcomes, in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE) treated with direct brain-responsive neurostimulation (RNS System). METHODS: Retrospective review of obstetric outcomes and fetal outcomes in WWE treated with the RNS System at nine comprehensive epilepsy centers in the United States from 2014-2020. In addition, changes in seizure frequency, anti-seizure medications, and RNS System setting adjustments during pregnancy were investigated. RESULTS: A total of 10 subjects and 14 pregnancies were identified. The mean age at conception was 30.6 ± 4.3 years old. The mean age at implantation was 29.8 ± 4.4 years old. The mean stimulation charge densities ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 μC/cm(2) during pregnancy. Obstetric complications included recurrent miscarriage (1 patient), cesarean section (3 patients) due to preeclampsia, non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing or prolonged labor, preterm birth (1 patient), and preeclampsia (1 patient). No still birth, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, eclampsia, or maternal mortality were observed. No RNS System-exposed pregnancies had major congenital malformations. One offspring had a minor congenital anomaly of cryptorchidism in a pregnancy complicated with risk factors of advanced maternal age and bicornuate uterus. SIGNIFICANCE: The present study is the first report of RNS System-exposed pregnancies in WWE to date. No major congenital malformations were identified. All of the obstetric complications were within the expected range of those in WWE based on previously published data. The sample size of our study is small, so accumulation of additional cases will further help depict the safety profile of treatment with the RNS System during pregnancy.
Prevalence and association of placental lesions with obstetrical features and outcome: data from French prospective study.; PURPOSE: Since the Consensus Statement diffused by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group, knowledge of the meaning of placental vascular malperfusion has become essential in the unavoidable analysis of obstetrical history in a patient followed for autoimmune disease or any other maternal comorbidity. We aimed to analyse the prevalence of various placental lesions from a 6-months prospective observational study and to correlate the various placental profiles to obstetrical outcome, maternal diseases and pregnancy treatments. The frequency of foetal vascular malperfusion lesion could be estimated at 8.7%, in our population and to understand its neonatal associations. METHODS: The study groups consisted of 208 consecutive women which ended the pregnancy and have placental analysis during the period of the study. RESULTS: From December 2015 to October 2017, from overall 4398 delivered pregnancies in university obstetrical department, 208 (4.7%) placental analysis have been done and included in the study. The placental analysis have been done for vascular obstetrical complications during the pregnancy (n = 106; 51%), unexplained abnormal foetal heart rate tracings (n = 59; 28,3%), suspicion of intra-amniotic infection (n = 12; 5,7%%), term new-borns Apgar score <7 or arterial cord blood pH ≤ 7 (n = 7; 3,5%), spontaneous preterm delivery (n = 19; 9,1%), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (n = 5; 2,4%). An adverse obstetrical event was noted in 87 cases (42%): preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (n = 15; 7%), FGR (n = 59; 28%), gestational diabetes (n = 33; 16%) and gestational hypertension (n = 19; 9%). Placental histological analysis showed abnormal vascular features in 159 cases (76%), inflammatory features in 16 placentas (8%), vascular and inflammatory features in 10 cases (4%), chorioamnionitis in 38 cases (18%) and absence of any abnormality in 43 cases (21%). A cluster analysis of histological features allowed distinguishing three placental patterns: a normal pattern characterised by the absence of any placental lesions, an inflammatory pattern characterised by the presence of villitis and/or chronic intervillositis; a vascular pattern with the presence of thrombosis, maternal floor infarct with massive perivillous fibrin deposition, infarction and chronic villositis hypoxia. Women with inflammatory placental profile have significantly increased frequencies of tobacco use (50% vs. 9%; P = 0.03), pathological vascular Doppler (50% vs. 5%; P = 0.001), FGR (100% vs. 14%; P = 0.0001) and oligohydramnios (67% vs. 5%; P = 0.0001) than those with normal placentas. A higher rate of vascular or inflammatory lesion were observed in women with Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, where as those with inflammatory pattern have significantly more frequent FGR (100% vs 34%; P = 0.02) and oligohydramnios (67% vs 5%; P = 0.0002). CONCLUSION: The placenta analysis is important to understand the origin of adverse obstetrical outcome and the risk for subsequent pregnancy.
Diabetes mellitus in the era of climate change.; Worldwide, diabetes mellitus (DM) represents a major public-health problem due to its increasing prevalence in tandem with the rising trend of obesity. However, climate change, with its associated negative health effects, also constitutes a worrisome problem. Patients with DM are experiencing more visits to emergency departments, hospitalizations, morbidity and mortality during heat waves at ever-increasing numbers. Such patients are particularly vulnerable to heat waves due to impaired thermoregulatory mechanisms in conjunction with impaired autonomous nervous system responses at high temperatures, electrolyte imbalances and rapid deterioration of kidney function, particularly among those aged > 80 years and with preexisting chronic kidney disease (CKD). Moreover, exposure to cold temperatures is associated with increased rates of acute myocardial infarction as well as poor glycaemic control, although results are conflicting regarding cold-related mortality among patients with DM. In addition to extremes of temperature, air pollution as a consequence of the climate crisis may also be implicated in the increased prevalence and incidence of DM, particularly gestational DM (GDM), and lead to deleterious effects in patients with DM. Thus, more large-scale studies are now required to elucidate the association between specific air pollutants and risk of DM. This review presents the currently available evidence for the detrimental effects of climate change, particularly those related to weather variables, on patients with DM (both type 1 and type 2) and GDM. Specifically, the effects of heat waves and extreme cold, and pharmaceutical and therapeutic issues and their implications, as well as the impact of air pollution on the risk for DM are synthesized and discussed here.
Pregnancy outcomes and iron status in β-thalassemia major and intermedia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Advancements in orally bioavailable iron chelators and MRI methods have improved life expectancy and reproductive potential in thalassemia major (TM) and thalassemia intermedia (TI). Pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, frequency of which has not been well delineated. This systematic review aims to provide risk estimates of maternal and fetal outcomes in TM and TI and explore pregnancy's impact on iron homeostasis. Fifteen studies (429 participants, 684 pregnancies) were included. Meta-analysis revealed a higher thrombosis risk in TI (3.7%) compared to TM (0.92%), unchanged from prepregnancy. Heart failure risks in the earlier years appeared similar (TM 1.6% vs TI 1.1%), and maternal mortality in TM was 3.7%, but with current management, these risks are rare. Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia occurred in 3.9% and 11.3% of TM pregnancies, respectively. Caesarean section rates were 83.9% in TM and 67% in TI. No significant difference in stillbirth, small for gestational age neonates, or preterm birth incidence between TM and TI was observed. In TM pregnancies, red cell requirements significantly increased (from 102 to 139 ml/kg/year, P = 0.001), and 70% of TI pregnancies required blood transfusions. As expected, increased transfusion alongside chelation cessation led to a significant increase in serum ferritin during pregnancy (TM by 1005 ng/mL; TI by 332 ng/mL, P < 0.0001). Deterioration in iron status was further reflected by an increase in liver iron concentration (from 4.6 to 11.9 mg/g dry weight, P < 0.0001), and myocardial T2-star (T2∗) magnetic resonance imaging decreased (from 36.2 ± 2.5 ms to 31.1 ms) during pregnancy. These findings emphasize the elevated maternal risk of iron-related cardiomyopathy during pregnancy and labor, stressing the importance of cardiac monitoring and postpartum chelation therapy resumption.
The Association of Lactation Duration with Visceral and Pericardial Fat Volumes in Parous Women: The CARDIA Study.; BACKGROUND: Lactation is associated with lower risks for cardiovascular disease in women. Organ-related adiposity, which plays significant roles in the development of cardiometabolic diseases, could help explain this observation. We evaluated the association of lactation duration with visceral (VAT) and pericardial (PAT) fat volumes in women. METHODS: Data were obtained from 910 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study (1985-1986) without diabetes prior to pregnancy who had ≥1 birth during 25 years of follow-up and had VAT and PAT measured from computed tomographic scans in 2010-2011. Cumulative lactation duration across all births since baseline was calculated from self-reports collected at periodic exams. RESULTS: At baseline, the average age of women (48% black, 52% white) was 24 ± 3.7 years. After controlling for baseline age, race, smoking status, body mass index, fasting glucose, family history of diabetes, fat intake, total cholesterol, physical activity, and follow-up covariates (parity, gestational diabetes), the mean fat volumes across categories of lactation [none (n = 221), 1-5 months (n = 306), 6-11 months (n = 210), and ≥12 months (n = 173)] were 122.0, 113.7 105.0, and 110.1 cm3 for VAT and 52.2, 46.7, 44.5, and 43.4 cm3 for PAT, respectively. Changes in body weight from the first post-baseline birth to the end of follow-up mediated 21% and 18% of the associations of lactation with VAT and PAT, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective study, longer cumulative lactation duration was associated with lower VAT and PAT volumes, with weight gain partially mediating these associations.
New concepts in extracellular signaling for insulin action: the single gateway hypothesis.; Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations-evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling-biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (approximately 75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
Adipokines underlie the early origins of obesity and associated metabolic comorbidities in the offspring of women with pregestational obesity.; Maternal pregestational obesity is a well-known risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The mechanisms by which maternal obesity can induce alterations in fetal and later neonatal metabolism are not fully elucidated due to its complexity and multifactorial causes. Two adipokines, leptin and adiponectin, are involved in fetal and postnatal growth trajectories, and both are altered in women with pregestational obesity. The placenta synthesizes leptin, which goes mainly to the maternal circulation and in lesser amount to the developing fetus. Maternal pregestational obesity and hyperleptinemia are associated with placental dysfunction and changes in nutrient transporters which directly affect fetal growth and development. By the other side, the embryo can produce its own leptin from early in development, which is associated to fetal weight and adiposity. Adiponectin, an insulin-sensitizing adipokine, is downregulated in maternal obesity. High molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin is the most abundant form and with most biological actions. In maternal obesity lower total and HMW adiponectin levels have been described in the mother, paralleled with high levels in the umbilical cord. Several studies have found that cord blood adiponectin levels are related with postnatal growth trajectories, and it has been suggested that low adiponectin levels in women with pregestational obesity enhance placental insulin sensitivity and activation of placental amino acid transport systems, supporting fetal overgrowth. The possible mechanisms by which maternal pregestational obesity, focusing in the actions of leptin and adiponectin, affects the fetal development and postnatal growth trajectories in their offspring are discussed.
Associations of maternal diabetes mellitus and adiponectin gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring: A case-control study.; This study aimed at assessing the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), the adiponectin gene (APM1) gene polymorphisms, and their interactions with risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring.A case-control study of 464 mothers of CHD patients and 504 mothers of healthy children was conducted.After adjusting for potential confounding factors, our study suggested that mothers with gestational DM (GDM) during this pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR = 2.96]), GDM in previous pregnancy experiences (aOR = 3.16), and pregestational DM in the 3 months before this pregnancy (aOR = 4.52) were at a significantly higher risk of CHD in offspring, when compared with those without any diabetes. The polymorphisms of maternal APM1 gene at rs1501299 (T/T vs G/G: aOR = 3.45; T/G vs G/G: aOR = 1.73) and rs2241766 (G/G vs T/T, aOR = 3.36; G/T vs T/T, aOR = 1.93) were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. In addition, significant interactions between maternal DM and the APM1 genetic variants on the development of CHD were found.Our findings indicate that maternal DM, APM1 gene genetic variants, and their interactions are significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. However, more studies in different ethnic populations and with a larger sample and prospective design are required to confirm our findings.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease: The Baby Hearts Study, a population-based case-control study.; We investigated the role of maternal environmental factors in the aetiology of congenital heart disease (CHD). A population-based case-control study (242 CHD cases, 966 controls) was conducted using an iPad questionnaire for mother with linkage to maternity and first trimester prescription records. Risk of CHD was associated with low maternal education (OR adjusted for confounders 1.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-2.49), pregestational diabetes (OR 4.04; 95% CI 1.00-16.28), self-reported maternal clotting disorders (adjOR 8.55, 95%CI 1.51-48.44), prescriptions for the anticlotting medication enoxaparin (adjOR 3.22, 95%CI 1.01-10.22) and self-reported vaginal infections (adjOR 1.69, 95%CI 1.01-2.80). There was no strong support for the hypothesis that periconceptional folic acid supplements have a protective effect, but there was a protective effect of frequent consumption of folate rich fruits (adjOR 0.64, 95%CI 0.47-0.89). Compared to the most common pre-pregnancy dietary pattern, CHD risk was associated with a poor diet low in fruit and vegetables (adjOR 1.56, 95%CI 1.05-2.34). Mothers of cases reported more pregnancy related stress (adjOR 1.69; 95% CI 1.22-2.34) and multiple stressors (adjOR 1.94, 95%CI 0.83-4.53). We found no supportive evidence for CHD risk being associated with obesity, smoking, depression or antidepressant use in this population. Our findings add to the previous evidence base to show potential for public health approaches to help prevent CHD in future by modifying environmental factors. Independent confirmation should be sought regarding elevated CHD risk associated with maternal blood clotting disorders and their treatment, since we are the first to report this.
Oral Glucose Tolerance Test-based Measures of Insulin Secretory Response in Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)-based measures of insulin secretory response have not been validated in pregnancy. METHODS: In a secondary analysis of a longitudinal study, participants were studied prepregnancy (n = 40), in early pregnancy (n = 36; 12-14 weeks' gestation), and in late pregnancy (n = 36; 34-36 weeks' gestation). Participants underwent an OGTT, an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), and a hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp at each timepoint. We calculated homeostatic model assessment of beta-cell function (HOMA-2B), insulinogenic index (IGI), corrected insulin response (CIR), ratio of the area under the insulin curve and the area under the glucose curve (AUCins/AUCglu), and Stumvoll first-phase estimate (Stumvoll) from OGTT insulin and glucose levels. We used Pearson correlation to compare measures from OGTT and IVGTT. We used mixed effects models to examine longitudinal changes in insulin secretory response. RESULTS: Stumvoll was the only OGTT-based measure that was significantly correlated with first-phase insulin response prior to and across gestation (prepregnancy: r = 0.44, P = 0.01; early pregnancy: r = 0.67, P = 0.0001; late pregnancy: r = 0.67, P = 0.0001). In early and late pregnancy, AUCins/AUCglu had the strongest correlation with first-phase insulin response (early pregnancy: r = 0.79, P < 0.0001; late pregnancy: r = 0.69, P < 0.0001) but was not significantly correlated prepregnancy. IGI and CIR were significantly correlated with first-phase insulin response prepregnancy (IGI: r = 0.50, P = 0.005; CIR r = 0.47, P = 0.008) and in late pregnancy (IGI: r = 0.68, P = 0.0001; CIR r = 0.57, P = 0.002) but not in early pregnancy. HOMA-2B was the weakest correlate of first-phase insulin response. Stumvoll and AUCins/AUCglu recapitulated the longitudinal changes in insulin secretory response observed by IVGTT. CONCLUSIONS: Stumvoll and AUCins/AUCglu are valid OGTT-based insulin secretory response measures for pregnancy studies.
Maternal Pre-Existing Diabetes: A Non-Inherited Risk Factor for Congenital Cardiopathies.; Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common form of birth defects in humans. They occur in 9 out of 1000 live births and are defined as structural abnormalities of the heart. Understanding CHDs is difficult due to the heterogeneity of the disease and its multifactorial etiology. Advances in genomic sequencing have made it possible to identify the genetic factors involved in CHDs. However, genetic origins have only been found in a minority of CHD cases, suggesting the contribution of non-inherited (environmental) risk factors to the etiology of CHDs. Maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with a three- to five-fold increased risk of congenital cardiopathies, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are incompletely understood. According to current hypotheses, hyperglycemia is the main teratogenic agent in diabetic pregnancies. It is thought to induce cell damage, directly through genetic and epigenetic dysregulations and/or indirectly through production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). The purpose of this review is to summarize key findings on the molecular mechanisms altered in cardiac development during exposure to hyperglycemic conditions in utero. It also presents the various in vivo and in vitro techniques used to experimentally model pregestational diabetes. Finally, new approaches are suggested to broaden our understanding of the subject and develop new prevention strategies.
Serum lipid and lipoprotein composition in infants of diabetic mothers.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) alters carbohydrate and lipid metabolism to a great extent. This study was planned to determine whether infants of insulin dependent and gestational diabetic mothers have abnormal lipid metabolism. Three groups of newborns were included in the study; group I consisted of 7 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) with insulin dependent DM (Type 1 DM), group II of 18 infants of gestational diabetic mothers and group III of 20 control neonates whose mothers had no history of DM. Total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG) and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) values in groups I and II were no different compared to those in group III (p > 0.05). However, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and LDL-C/HDL-C ratio were similar between groups I and II (p > 0.05) but significantly higher in both infants of type 1 diabetic mothers and gestational diabetic mothers compared to control infants (p < 0.05). Apolipoprotein A-I (Apo A-1) and apolipoprotein B (Apo B) levels, Apo A-I/Apo B and HDL-C/Apo A-I ratios were similar in between groups. However, Apo B/LDL-C ratio was significantly lower in groups I and II compared to control group (p < 0.05). In conclusion, diabetes in pregnant women causes a tendency to LDL hypercholesterolemia in the offspring. These infants should be longitudinally followed up to assess whether this observation imposes an increased risk for atherosclerosis for advanced ages.
Antepartum surveillance in diabetic pregnancies: predictors of fetal distress in labor.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate an antepartum testing program based on twice-weekly nonstress testing and amniotic fluid evaluation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus and to weight the test components in the prediction of fetal distress requiring cesarean delivery. STUDY DESIGN: During the 4-year period of 1987 through 1990, 2134 women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes underwent antepartum testing. Of these 1501 women (class A1, n = 505; A2-diet, n = 305; A2-insulin, n = 580; B, n = 71; C to D, n = 29; R to F, n = 11) were delivered within 4 days of their last test. Categoric analysis of data was performed according to diabetic class, fetal heart rate results, and the presence of decreased, normal, or increased amniotic fluid assessment. A univariate logistical regression was first conducted with cesarean delivery for fetal distress as outcome variable by use of the following variables: fetal weight and sex, diabetic class, gestational age at delivery, presence of additional indications for antepartum testing, largest vertical pocket, amniotic fluid index (summation of the four quadrants of the largest vertical pocket), nonstress test reactivity (two accelerations of > or = 15 beats/min of 15 seconds' duration), presence of decelerations (> or = 15 beats/min for 15 seconds) during the nonstress test, and the interactions of the nonstress test with deceleration, largest vertical pocket, and amniotic fluid index. Multivariate analysis was then applied to predict the best model. RESULTS: No stillbirths occurred within 4 days of the last antepartum test. However, the corrected stillbirth rate of the entire tested population was 1.4 per 1000. Eighty-five women required cesarean delivery for fetal distress. The factors most predictive of cesarean delivery for fetal distress (p < 0.05, odds ratio and 95% confidence interval) were a deceleration (3.60, 2.14 to 6.06), nonreactive nonstress test (2.68, 1.60 to 4.49), and the interaction of both a nonreactive nonstress test and decelerations (5.63, 2.67 to 11.9). Amniotic fluid assessment by largest vertical pocket or amniotic fluid index were not statistically significant. The multivariate analysis selected the interaction of nonstress test and deceleration as the best significant predictor for cesarean delivery for fetal distress. CONCLUSION: An antepartum fetal surveillance program using twice-weekly nonstress test and fluid index assessment in pregnancies complicated by diabetes was successful in preventing stillbirth. The absence of fetal heart rate reactivity and the presence of decelerations were predictive of the diagnosis of fetal distress in labor requiring cesarean delivery. Ultrasonographic assessment of amniotic fluid volume was not a significant predictor of fetal distress in labor in the diabetic pregnancy.
Maternal diabetes as a teratogenic factor for congenital heart defects in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are shown to have an association with maternal diabetes mellitus. The Bahraini population has a high prevalence of diabetes 16.3% thus putting it at increased risk of developing CHDs in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). OBJECTIVE: Describing the prevalence of CHDs in IDM in the Kingdom of Bahrain. DESIGN: A retrospective clinical study. SETTING: Bahrain Defense Force Hospital, Kingdom of Bahrain. METHODS: The study took place from January 1998 to January 2020. A history was recorded for all patients who were referred to the only tertiary cardiac center in Bahrain for echocardiography. Data was recorded on an Excel Sheet for analysis. A cardiac anatomy survey was conducted by an experienced pediatric cardiologist for each patient and the defects were categorized into acyanotic and cyanotic lesions. RESULTS: Five thousand five hundred sixty-nine patients were referred for cardiac echocardiography. Three thousand two hundred fifty-six patients were diagnosed with CHDs, 2,987 were non-IDM whereas 269 were IDM. Patients diagnosed with non-structural defects were excluded. Atrial septal defect (ASD) was identified in 744 patients and was more likely to occur in non-IDM (p-value = .005). Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM) was identified in 35 patients and was more likely to occur in IDM (p-value < .001). Transposition of the great arteries (TGAs) was identified in 80 patients and was more likely to occur in IDM (p-value .002). Double inlet left ventricle (DILV), Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome (HPLHS), and Other Uni-Ventricular Hearts were all more likely to occur in IDM with p-values < .05. CONCLUSION: This study showed significant association between fetal exposure to diabetes and the development of ASD, HOCM, TGA, DILV, HPLHS, and Other Uni-Ventricular Hearts.
Fetal plasma leptin concentrations: relationship with different intrauterine growth patterns from 19 weeks to term.; The relationship between in utero fetal growth and fetal leptin concentrations was investigated between 19 and 41 wk in 40 normal (appropriate for gestational age, AGA) fetuses, in 25 intrauterine growth-restricted (IUGR) fetuses, and in 18 fetuses from gestational diabetic mothers (GDM), representing different intrauterine growth patterns. Umbilical venous plasma leptin concentrations were determined at the time of either in utero fetal blood sampling or delivery. Plasma leptin was measurable as early as 19 wk of gestation. A significant difference was observed between umbilical venous and arterial plasma leptin concentrations (0.6+/-0.6 ng/mL; p<0.01). In AGA and in IUGR fetuses, significant positive relationships were found between fetal leptin concentrations and both gestational age (p<0.001) and fetal weight (p<0.001). Leptin concentrations were significantly higher in AGA than IUGR only after 34 wk (p<0.05), but leptin per kilogram fetal weight (leptin/kg) was not significantly different. In IUGR with abnormal umbilical arterial Doppler velocimetry and fetal heart rate, leptin/kg significantly higher than in IUGR with normal biophysical and biochemical parameters was found (p<0.05). Both circulating plasma leptin and leptin/kg were significantly higher in GDM than in normal fetuses (p<0.001) and correlated with abdominal fat mass measured by ultrasound. No gender differences were observed in any group of fetuses. These findings indicate a clear relationship between fetal leptin concentrations and fetal fat mass. Data in severe IUGR suggest the presence of increased leptin concentrations associated with in utero signs of fetal distress.
Stillbirth is associated with increased risk of long-term maternal renal disease: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Stillbirth is a devastating adverse pregnancy outcome that may occur without any obvious reason or may occur in the context of fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, or other obstetric complications. There is increasing evidence that women who experience stillbirths are at greater risk of long-term cardiovascular disease, but little is known about their risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. We conducted the largest study to date to investigate the subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease following stillbirth. OBJECTIVE: To identify whether pregnancy complicated by stillbirth is associated with subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease, independent of underlying medical or obstetric comorbidities. STUDY DESIGN/METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using nationwide data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, and Swedish Renal Register. We included all women who had live births and stillbirths from 1973 to 2012, with follow-up to 2013. Women with preexisting renal disease were excluded. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for associations between stillbirth and maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease respectively. We controlled for maternal age, year of delivery, country of origin, parity, body mass index, smoking, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and small for gestational age deliveries. Women who had a history of medical comorbidities, which may predispose to renal disease (prepregnancy cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, lupus, systemic sclerosis, hemoglobinopathy, or coagulopathy), were excluded from the main analysis and examined separately. RESULTS: There were 1,941,057 unique women who had 3,755,444 singleton pregnancies, followed up over 42,313,758 person-years. The median follow-up time was 20.7 years (interquartile range, 9.9-30.0 years). 13,032 women (0.7%) had at least 1 stillbirth. Women who had experienced at least 1 stillbirth had a greater risk of developing chronic kidney disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-1.45) and end-stage renal disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.55-3.25) compared with women who only had live births. These associations persisted after removing all stillbirths that occurred in the context of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age or congenital malformations (for chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.57; for end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 2.95; 95% confidence interval, CI 1.86-4.68). There was no significant association observed between stillbirth and either chronic kidney disease or end-stage renal disease in women who had preexisting medical comorbidities (chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.73-1.75 or end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-2.85). CONCLUSION: Women who have a history of stillbirth may be at increased risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease compared with women who have only had live births. This association persists independently of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age, maternal smoking, obesity, and medical comorbidities. Further research is required to determine whether affected women would benefit from closer surveillance and follow-up for future renal disease.
SOGC Guideline Retirement Notice No. 2.; These documents have been archived because they contain outdated information. They should not be consulted for clinical use, but for historical research only. Please visit the journal website for the most recent guidelines. The Use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Obstetric Patient [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 36 (2014) 349-355] AUTHORS Yves Patenaude, MD, Sherbrooke, QC Denise Pugash, MD, Vancouver, BC Kenneth Lim, MD, Vancouver, BC Lucie Morin, MD, Montreal, QC The Role of Surgery in Endometrial Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 370-371] AUTHORS Christopher Giede, MD, Saskatoon, SK Tien Le, MD, Ottawa, ON Patti Power, MD, St John's, NL Female Genital Cutting [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 1028-1045] AUTHORS Liette Perron, MSW, Ottawa, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Margaret Burnett, MD, Winnipeg, ON Victoria Davis, MD, Scarborough, ON Technical Update on Pessary Use [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 664-674] AUTHORS Magali Robert, MD, Calgary, AB Jane A. Schulz, MD, Edmonton, AB Marie-Andrée Harvey, MD, Kingston, ON Cancer Chemotherapy and Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 263-278] AUTHORS Gideon Koren, MD, Toronto, ON Nathalie Carey, BSc, Toronto, ON Robert Gagnon, MD, Montréal, QC Cynthia Maxwell, MD, Toronto, ON Irena Nulman, MD, Toronto, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Current Status in Non-Invasive Prenatal Detection of Down Syndrome, Trisomy 18, and Trisomy 13 Using Cell-Free DNA in Maternal Plasma [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 177-181] AUTHORS Sylvie Langlois, MD, Vancouver, BC Jo-Ann Brock, MD, Halifax, NS Mifepristone [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 235] The Presence of a Third Party During Breast and Pelvic Examinations [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 237] Midwifery [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 239] Emergency Contraception [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 673-678] Tension-Free Vaginal Tape (TVT) Procedure [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 692-694] Uterine Fibroid Embolization (UFE) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 899-911] AUTHORS Guylaine G. Lefebvre, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Murray Asch, MD, Oshawa, ON The Prevention of Early-Onset Neonatal Group B Streptococcal Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 826-832] AUTHORS Deborah M. Money, MD, FRCSC, Vancouver, BC Simon Dobson, MD, FRCPC, Vancouver, BC Cell-Free Fetal DNA in the Maternal Circulation and its Future Uses in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 54-57] AUTHOR R. Douglas Wilson, MD, Philadelphia, PA Cystic Fibrosis Carrier Testing in Pregnancy in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 644-647] Amniocentesis and Women with Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or Human Immunodeficiency Virus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 145-148] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 250-262] Management of the Third Stage of Labour to Prevent Postpartum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 952-953] Cervical Cancer Prevention in Low-Resource Settings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 205-206] Hirsutism: Evaluation and Treatment [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 62-67] Breast Cancer, Pregnancy, and Breastfeeding [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 164-171] Parvovirus B19 Infection in Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 727-734] Diversity [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1042] Conflict of Interest [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1044] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 347-387] School-Based and School-Linked Sexual Health Education and Promotion in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 596-600] Gestational Trophoblastic Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 434-439] FIGO Professional and Ethical Responsibilities Concerning Sexual and Reproductive Rights [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1097-1099] FIGO / ICM Global Initiative to Prevent Post-Partum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1102] Intimate Partner Violence Consensus Statement [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 365-388] The Management of Nausea and Vomiting of Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 817-823] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 143-156] Present Role of Stem Cells for Fetal Genetic Therapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1038-1042] Amended Canadian Guideline for Prenatal Diagnosis (2005) Change to 2005-Techniques for Prenatal Diagnosis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1048-1054] Umbilical Cord Blood Banking: Implications for Perinatal Care Providers [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 263-274] Breast Cancer and Abortion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 491] AUTHOR Robert H. Lea, MD, Halifax, NS Postural Health in Women: The Role of Physiotherapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 493-500] AUTHORS S.J. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC J.V. Cole, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Isherwood, BScPT, Vancouver, BC M.M. Sran, PT, BScPT, Vancouver, BC N. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC S. Burgi, BScPT, Vancouver, BC G. Candido, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Watson, BScPT, Vancouver, BC The Management of Uterine Leiomyomas [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 396-405] Guidelines for Vaginal Birth after Previous Caesarean Birth [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 660-670] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 342-348] Number of Births to Maintain Competence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 359] Sexual Abuse by Physicians [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 862] The Use of First Trimester Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 864-869] Use of Hormonal Replacement Therapy After Treatment of Breast Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 49-54] Obstetric Ultrasound Biological Effects and Safety [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 572-575] Fetal Soft Markers in Obstetric Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 592-612] Maternal Transport Policy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 956-959] Choice of Surgery for Stress Incontinence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 964-971] The Use of Fetal Doppler in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 601-607] Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 894-903] Hormone Replacement Therapy and Cardiovascular Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 577-579] Providing Opinion for Medico-Legal Cases [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 590-592] Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy for Fetal Maturation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 45-48] Mastalgia [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 49-57] AUTHORS Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB Elizabeth Saettler, MD, Winnipeg, MB Beth Szuck, BA, HEc, CACE, RD, Winnipeg, MB Pregnancy Outcomes After Assisted Reproductive Technology [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 220-233] AUTHORS Victoria M. Allen, MD, MSc, Halifax, NS R. Douglas Wilson, MD, MSc, Philadelphia, PA Canadian Contraception Consensus-Update on Depot Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 305-308] AUTHOR Amanda Black, MD, Ottawa, ON Guidelines for Training Requirements in Colposcopy and its Related Treatment Modalities [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 314-316] AUTHOR Susan M. McFaul, MD, Ottawa, ON Pelvic Examinations by Medical Trainees [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 320-321] AUTHORS Kimberly E. Liu, MD, Edmonton, AB Deborah Robertson, MD, Montréal, QC Glenn Posner, MDCM, Ottawa, ON Sukhbir S. Singh, MD, London, ON Lawrence Oppenheimer, MD, Ottawa, ON Stillbirth and Bereavement: Guidelines for Stillbirth Investigation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 540-545] AUTHOR Line Leduc, MD, Montréal, QC Progesterone-Only and Non-Hormonal Contraception in the Breast Cancer Survivor: Joint Review and Committee Opinion of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada and the Society of Gynecologic Oncologists of Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 616-626] AUTHORS Jenna McNaught, MD, Winnipeg, MB Robert L. Reid, MD, Kingston, ON Breast Self-Examination [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 728-730] AUTHOR Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB The Physician Expert in Legal Proceedings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 913-915] AUTHORS Titus Owolabi, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Induced Abortion Guidelines [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 1014-1027] AUTHOR Victoria Jane Davis, MD Health Professionals Working With First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Consensus Guideline [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S1-S4] AUTHORS Don Wilson, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Hellisuk Nation, Comox, BC Sandra de la Ronde, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Ottawa, ON Simon Brascoupé, Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg, Ottawa, ON Alisha Nicole Apale, MSc, Ottawa, ON Lucy Barney, RN, MSN, Lillooet Nation, Vancouver, BC Bing Guthrie, MD, FRCSC, Yellowknife, NT Elizabeth Harrold, RN, Vancouver, BC Ojistoh Horn, MD, CCFP, Mohawk, Kahnawake, QC Robin Johnson, MD, FRCSC, Esdilagh, First Nation, Williams Lake, BC Darrien Rattray, MD, Tahltan, Halifax, NS Nicole Robinson, MA, Ottawa, ON Introduction [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S5-S6] Chapter 1 Definitions [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S7-S8] Chapter 2 Demographics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S9-S12] Chapter 3 Social Determinants of Health Among First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S13-S23] Chapter 4 Health Systems, Policies, and Services for First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S24-S27] Chapter 5 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Women's Sexual and Reproductive Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S28-S32] Chapter 6 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Maternal Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S33-S36] Chapter 7 Mature Women's Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S37] Chapter 8 Changing Outcomes Through Culturally Competent Care [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S38-S41] Chapter 9 Conclusion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S42-S43] Chapter 10 Case Studies [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S44-S47] Appendix 1. Apology for the Forced Relocation of Inukjuak and Pond Inlet Families [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S48] Appendix 2. Apology for the Residential School System [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S49] Appendix 3. Avoiding Re-Traumatization of Sexual Abuse/Assault Victims During the Birthing Process [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S50].
Fetal growth trajectory in type 1 pregestational diabetes (PGDM) - an ultrasound study.; OBJECTIVES: Growth disorders are frequent in diabetic pregnancies. However, they are difficult to predict and capture early during pregnancy. These newborns are at risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. While developing, fetal growth abnormalities are typically progressive. Therefore, capturing the earliest moment when they emerge is essential to guide subsequent obstetric management. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We aimed to analyze fetal ultrasound growth trajectories in type 1 diabetics. Moreover, we aimed to establish time points when first ultrasound manifestations of fetal growth abnormalities appear and to identify factors that affect fetal growth in women with diabetes. We collected clinical and ultrasound data from 200 patients with PGDM managed in the third-referential centre for diabetes in pregnancy. During every visit, patients underwent an ultrasound examination according to a standard protocol giving 1072 ultrasound scan's records. Every ultrasound consisted of fetal weight estimation, according to the Hadlock 3 formula. Retrospectively patients were divided into three groups depending on neonatal weight. In the group of 200 patients, 60 (30%) delivered LGA and 9 (4.5%) SGA newborns. RESULTS: Fetal growth trajectories show different patterns among fetuses with growth abnormalities in women with type 1 diabetes. The moment, when fetal growth curves diverge, seems to take place in the second trimester, just after the 23rd week of gestation. CONCLUSIONS: It suggests that fetal growth abnormalities in type 1 diabetes may have its roots much earlier than expected. In the first trimester, there were differences in LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglyceride levels and in insulin requirements between AGA, SGA and LGA subgroups.
Postpartum-Specific Vital Sign Reference Ranges.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate normal ranges for postpartum maternal vital signs. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter prospective longitudinal cohort study in the United Kingdom. We recruited women before 20 weeks of gestation without significant comorbidities and with accurately dated singleton pregnancies. Women recorded their own blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation and temperature daily for 2 weeks postpartum. Trained midwives measured participants' vital signs including respiratory rate around postpartum days 1, 7, and 14. RESULTS: From August 2012 to September 2016, we screened 4,279 pregnant women; 1,054 met eligibility criteria and chose to take part. Postpartum vital sign data were available for 909 women (86.2%). Median, or 50th centile (3rd-97th centile), systolic and diastolic blood pressures increased from the day of birth: 116 mm Hg (88-147) and 74 mm Hg (59-93) to a maximum median of 121 mm Hg (102-143) and 79 mm Hg (63-94) on days 5 and 6 postpartum, respectively, an increase of 5 mm Hg (95% CI 3-7) and 5 mm Hg (95% CI 4-6), respectively. Median (3rd-97th centile) systolic and diastolic blood pressure returned to 116 mm Hg (98-137) and 75 mm Hg (61-91) by day 14 postpartum. The median (3rd-97th centile) heart rate was highest on the day of birth, 84 beats per minute (bpm) (59-110) decreasing to a minimum of 75 bpm (55-101) 14 days postpartum. Oxygen saturation, respiratory rate, and temperature did not change in the 2 weeks postbirth. Median (3rd-97th centile) day-of-birth oxygen saturation was 96% (93-98). Median (3rd-97th centile) day-of-birth respiratory rate was 15 breaths per minute (10-22). Median (3rd-97th centile) day-of-birth temperature was 36.7°C (35.6-37.6). CONCLUSION: We present widely relevant, postpartum, day-specific reference ranges which may facilitate early detection of abnormal blood pressure, heart rate, respiratory rate, oxygen saturation and temperature during the puerperium. Our findings could inform construction of an evidence-based modified obstetric early warning system to better identify unwell postpartum women. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN, 10838017.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. METHODS: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. RESULTS: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. CONCLUSIONS: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. LAY SUMMARY: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring.
Association of pregnancy complications/risk factors with the development of future long-term health conditions in women: overarching protocol for umbrella reviews.; INTRODUCTION: With good medical care, most pregnancy complications like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, etc resolve after childbirth. However, pregnancy complications are known to be associated with an increased risk of new long-term health conditions for women later in life, such as cardiovascular disease. These umbrella reviews aim to summarise systematic reviews evaluating the association between pregnancy complications and five groups of long-term health conditions: autoimmune conditions, cancers, functional disorders, mental health conditions and metabolic health conditions (diabetes and hypertension). METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We will conduct searches in Medline, Embase and the Cochrane database of systematic reviews without any language restrictions. We will include systematic reviews with or without meta-analyses that studied the association between pregnancy complications and the future risk of the five groups of long-term health conditions in women. Pregnancy complications were identified from existing core outcome sets for pregnancy and after consultation with experts. Two reviewers will independently screen the articles. Data will be synthesised with both narrative and quantitative methods. Where a meta-analysis has been carried out, we will report the combined effect size from individual studies. For binary data, pooled ORs with 95% CIs will be presented. For continuous data, we will use the mean difference with 95% CIs. The findings will be presented in forest plots to assess heterogeneity. The methodological quality of the studies will be evaluated with the AMSTAR 2 tool or the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The corrected covered area method will be used to assess the impact of overlap in reviews. The findings will be used to inform the design of prediction models, which will predict the risk of women developing these five group of health conditions following a pregnancy complication. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: No ethical approvals required. Findings will be disseminated through publications in peer-reviewed journals and conference presentations.
OS084. Maternal haemodynamics at 11-13 weeks of gestation and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; INTRODUCTION: Women who develop adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In individuals with cardiovascular disorders there is increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo) and arterial stiffness. OBJECTIVES: The hypothesis is that increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness are apparent before the clinical onset of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This was a prospective study in singleton pregnancies at 11(+0)-13(+6) weeks' gestation. Pulse wave velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AIx) and SBPAo were measured. At the same visit, we recorded maternal characteristics and medical history and performed combined screening for aneuploidies. We also measured the uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index (PI). The study outcomes included preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), small for gestational age (SGA) and preterm delivery (PTD). The diagnosis of PE and GH was made according to the guidelines of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. The neonate was considered SGA if the birth weight was less than the 5th percentile for gestation at delivery. The diagnosis of GDM was made if the fasting plasma glucose level was at least 6 mmol/L or the plasma glucose level 2 h after oral administration of 75 g glucose was 7.8 mmol/L or more (WHO). We compared these parameters in those that developed PE (n=181), GDM (n=105), GH (n=137), SGA (n=337), PTD prior to 37 weeks' gestation (n=354) with unaffected controls (n=6,766). Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of AIx-75, PWV and SBPAo. Each value was expressed as a multiple of the median (MoM) after adjustment for those characteristics. Pearson correlation analysis was used to examine the association between log10AIx-75 MoM, log10PWV MoM, log10 SBPAo MoM, log10uterine artery PI MoM and log10PAPP-A MoM with gestational age at delivery. RESULTS: In the PE group there was an increase in AIx-75 (1.13, IQR 0.96-1.33 MoM vs 1.00, IQR 0.87-1.16 MoM, p<0.0001), PWV (1.11, IQR 0.97-1.17 MoM vs 1.00, IQR 0.90-1.12 MoM, p<0.0001), and SBPAo (1.09, IQR 1.02-1.20 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08 MoM, p<0.0001). In those that subsequently developed GH, compared to unaffected controls, there was no significant difference in the uterine artery PI, PAPP-A or PWV but AIx-75 and SBPAo were increased (p<0.0001). In the GDM group there was an increase in PWV (1.06, IQR 0.96-1.19 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.90-1.13 MoM, p=0.001) and SBPAo (1.03, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08, p<0.0001), but no significant difference in the AIx-75 (1.02, IQR 0.89-1.22 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.87-1.17 MoM, p=0.118). Compared to women who had term delivery, women who had iatrogenic PTD had significantly higher AIx-75 (1.08, IQR 0.91-1.27 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.86-1.16 MoM, p<0.001) and SBPAo (1.06 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.15 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.93-1.07, p<0.001). CONCLUSION: A high proportion of women who develop PE, GDM or iatrogenic PTD have increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness that is apparent from the first trimester of pregnancy.
The Impact of Macronutrients on Retinal Microvasculature among Singapore Pregnant Women during the Mid-Late Gestation.; BACKGROUND: Imbalanced macronutrient intakes can induce impairment of endothelial and vascular function, and further lead to metabolic and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the influence of such diets on endothelial and vascular dysfunction in pregnant women, even though high-fat diet is a known risk for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the association between maternal macronutrient intakes (protein, fat and carbohydrates), dietary quality and retinal microvascular changes in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort. METHODS: Pregnant women (n = 614) with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester from June 2009 to Sep 2010. Maternal diet quality and macronutrient intakes, expressed as a percentage of total energy during pregnancy, were ascertained using 24 hr recalls and 3 d food diaries at 26-28 weeks gestation. Retinal examination was completed at the same clinic visit. Dietary quality was assessed and scored using the Health Eating Index in Asian Pregnant women (HEI-AP), while macronutrients intakes ware expressed as percentages of total energy and further log transformed for analysis. Associations were examined cross-sectionally by substitution models with the use of multiple linear regression. RESULTS: In adjusted model, each 20 points decrease in HEI-AP score was associated with a significant increase of 1.70 μm (p<0.05) in retinal venular calibre. Each 0.1 log increase in percentage of total fat intake was associated with a significant increment of 1.84 μm (p<0.05) in retinal venular caliber. Additionally, each 0.1 log increase in percentage of mono-unsaturated fat intake was associated with an increment of 1.84 μm (p<0.01) in retinal venular caliber. CONCLUSIONS: In this cross-sectional study, we found that women with higher fat and lower protein intakes, and lower diet quality tended to have wider retinal venular caliber, which is suggestive of suboptimal microvasculature.
Consequences of a Maternal High-Fat Diet and Late Gestation Diabetes on the Developing Rat Lung.; RATIONALE: Infants born to diabetic or obese mothers are at risk of respiratory distress and persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN), conceivably through fuel-mediated pathogenic mechanisms. Prior research and preventative measures focus on controlling maternal hyperglycemia, but growing evidence suggests a role for additional circulating fuels including lipids. Little is known about the individual or additive effects of a maternal high-fat diet on fetal lung development. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of a maternal high-fat diet, alone and alongside late-gestation diabetes, on lung alveologenesis and vasculogenesis, as well as to ascertain if consequences persist beyond the perinatal period. METHODS: A rat model was used to study lung development in offspring from control, diabetes-exposed, high-fat diet-exposed and combination-exposed pregnancies via morphometric, histologic (alveolarization and vasculogenesis) and physiologic (echocardiography, pulmonary function) analyses at birth and 3 weeks of age. Outcomes were interrogated for diet, diabetes and interaction effect using ANOVA with significance set at p≤0.05. Findings prompted additional mechanistic inquiry of key molecular pathways. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to maternal diabetes or high-fat diet, alone and in combination, had smaller lungs and larger hearts at birth. High-fat diet-exposed, but not diabetes-exposed offspring, had a higher perinatal death rate and echocardiographic evidence of PPHN at birth. Alveolar mean linear intercept, septal thickness, and airspace area (D2) were not significantly different between the groups; however, markers of lung maturity were. Both diabetes-exposed and diet-exposed offspring expressed more T1α protein, a marker of type I cells. Diet-exposed newborn pups expressed less surfactant protein B and had fewer pulmonary vessels enumerated. Mechanistic inquiry revealed alterations in AKT activation, higher endothelin-1 expression, and an impaired Txnip/VEGF pathway that are important for vessel growth and migration. After 3 weeks, mortality remained highest and static lung compliance and hysteresis were lowest in combination-exposed offspring. CONCLUSION: This study emphasizes the effects of a maternal high-fat diet, especially alongside late-gestation diabetes, on pulmonary vasculogenesis, demonstrates adverse consequences beyond the perinatal period and directs attention to mechanistic pathways of interest. Findings provide a foundation for additional investigation of preventative and therapeutic strategies aimed at decreasing pulmonary morbidity in at-risk infants.
Maternal Diabetes in Youth-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Is Associated With Progressive Dysglycemia and Risk of Complications.; CONTEXT: Prenatal exposures, including undernutrition, overnutrition, and parental diabetes, are recognized risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease. There are currently no data on effects of parental diabetes on disease progression or complications in youth-onset type 2 diabetes (T2D). OBJECTIVE: We analyzed effects of parental diabetes history on glycemic outcomes, β-cell function, and complications in a US cohort of youth-onset T2D. METHODS: Participants (N = 699) aged 10 to 17 years with T2D were enrolled at 15 US centers and followed for up to 12 years as part of the TODAY (Treatment Options for type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth) and TODAY2 follow-up studies. Information about diabetes diagnosis in biological mothers was available for 621 participants (never = 301; before or during pregnancy = 218; after pregnancy = 102) and in biological fathers for 519 (no diabetes = 352; paternal diabetes = 167). RESULTS: Maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with loss of glycemic control over time, defined as glycated hemoglobin A1c greater than or equal to 8% for more than 6 months (P = .001). Similarly, maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with increased risk of glomerular hyperfiltration (P = .01) and low heart rate variability (P = .006) after 12 years of follow-up. Effects were largely independent of age, sex, race/ethnicity, and household income. Maternal diabetes during vs after pregnancy had similar effects on outcomes. CONCLUSION: Maternal diabetes, regardless of whether diagnosed during vs after pregnancy, is associated with worse glycemic control, glomerular hyperfiltration, and reduced heart rate variability in youth with T2D in TODAY. The strong associations of diabetes outcomes with maternal diabetes suggest a possible role for in utero programming.
Prenatal Health Care Outcomes Before and During the COVID-19 Pandemic Among Pregnant Individuals and Their Newborns in an Integrated US Health System.; IMPORTANCE: The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the use of telemedicine. However, data on the integration of telemedicine in prenatal health care and health outcomes are sparse. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a multimodal model of in-office and telemedicine prenatal health care implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic and its association with maternal and newborn health outcomes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study of pregnant individuals using longitudinal electronic health record data was conducted at Kaiser Permanente Northern California, an integrated health care system serving a population of 4.5 million people. Individuals who delivered a live birth or stillbirth between July 1, 2018, and October 21, 2021, were included in the study. Data were analyzed from January 2022 to May 2023. EXPOSURE: Exposure levels to the multimodal prenatal health care model were separated into 3 intervals: unexposed (T1, birth delivery between July 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020), partially exposed (T2, birth delivery between March 1, 2020, and December 5, 2020), and fully exposed (T3, birth delivery between December 6, 2020, and October 31, 2021). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes included rates of preeclampsia and eclampsia, severe maternal morbidity, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. The distributions of demographic and clinical characteristics, care processes, and health outcomes for birth deliveries within each of the 3 intervals of interest were assessed with standardized mean differences calculated for between-interval contrasts. Interrupted time series analyses were used to examine changes in rates of perinatal outcomes and its association with the multimodal prenatal health care model. Secondary outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, depression, venous thromboembolism, newborn Apgar score, transient tachypnea, and birth weight. RESULTS: The cohort included 151 464 individuals (mean [SD] age, 31.3 [5.3] years) who delivered a live birth or stillbirth. The mean (SD) number of total prenatal visits was similar in T1 (9.41 [4.75] visits), T2 (9.17 [4.50] visits), and T3 (9.15 [4.66] visits), whereas the proportion of telemedicine visits increased from 11.1% (79 214 visits) in T1 to 20.9% (66 726 visits) in T2 and 21.3% (79 518 visits) in T3. NICU admission rates were 9.2% (7014 admissions) in T1, 8.3% (2905 admissions) in T2, and 8.6% (3615 admissions) in T3. Interrupted time series analysis showed no change in NICU admission risk during T1 (change per 4-week interval, -0.22%; 95% CI, -0.53% to 0.09%), a decrease in risk during T2 (change per 4-week interval, -0.91%; 95% CI, -1.77% to -0.03%), and an increase in risk during T3 (change per 4-week interval, 1.75%; 95% CI, 0.49% to 3.02%). There were no clinically relevant changes between T1, T2, and T3 in the rates of risk of preeclampsia and eclampsia (change per 4-week interval, 0.76% [95% CI, 0.39% to 1.14%] for T1; -0.19% [95% CI, -1.19% to 0.81%] for T2; and -0.80% [95% CI, -2.13% to 0.55%] for T3), severe maternal morbidity (change per 4-week interval , 0.12% [95% CI, 0.40% to 0.63%] for T1; -0.39% [95% CI, -1.00% to 1.80%] for T2; and 0.99% [95% CI, -0.88% to 2.90%] for T3), cesarean delivery (change per 4-week interval, 0.06% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.23%] for T1; -0.03% [95% CI, -0.49% to 0.44%] for T2; and -0.05% [95% CI, -0.68% to 0.59%] for T3), preterm birth (change per 4-week interval, 0.23% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.57%] for T1; -0.37% [95% CI, -1.29% to 0.55%] for T2; and -0.15% [95% CI, -1.41% to 1.13%] for T3), or secondary outcomes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that a multimodal prenatal health care model combining in-office and telemedicine visits performed adequately compared with in-office only prenatal health care, supporting its continued use after the pandemic.
[Prevention of preterm birth complications by antenatal corticosteroid administration].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate short- and long-term benefits and risks associated with antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids and the related strategies: multiple and rescue courses. METHODS: The PubMed database, the Cochrane Library and the recommendations from the French and foreign obstetrical societies or colleges have been consulted. RESULTS: Antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids before 34 weeks of gestation is associated in the neonatal period with a significant reduction of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and death (LE1), and in possibly childhood with a reduction of cerebral palsy and increased psychomotor development index and intact survival (LE3). However, this treatment is associated with alterations of the HPA axis response persisting until 8 weeks after birth (LE2) and possibly with insulin resistance in adulthood (LE3). Antenatal corticosteroid administration after 34 weeks is associated, with high number needed to treat, with reduced respiratory morbidity (LE2), with no significant effect on neurological (LE2) or digestive (LE2) morbidities. Because of a very favourable benefit/risk balance, antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids is recommended for women at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks (grade A). The minimum gestational age for treatment will depend on the threshold chosen to start neonatal intensive care in maternity units and perinatal networks (Professional consensus). After 34 weeks, evidences are not consistent enough to recommend systematic antenatal corticosteroid treatment (grade B), however, a course might be indicated in the clinical situations associated with the higher risk of "severe" RDS, mainly in case of planned cesarean delivery (gradeC). In case of imminent preterm birth, pre-empting the second betamethasone injection is not recommended (gradeC), because this policy might be associated with increased rates of NEC (LE3). Repeated antenatal corticosteroid administration is associated in the neonatal period with respiratory benefits (LE1) but decreased birth weight (LE1) and, in childhood, with possible neurological impairment (LE2). Therefore, this strategy is not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are only associated with neonatal respiratory benefits (LE2). Because of the possible adverse effects associated with this strategy when delivery occurs during the 24hours following the first injection and because of the doubts raised by repeated courses, rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). It is not possible to recommend one corticosteroid (betamethasone or dexamethasone) over another (Professional consensus). In case of contraindication for the intramuscular (IM) route, the intravenous route might be proposed (Professional consensus). The oral route is not recommended (grade A) because of increased rates of IVH and neonatal sepsis in comparison with the IM route (LE1). Either betamethasone as 2 injections of 12mg 24hours apart or dexamethasone as 4 injections of 6mg 12hours apart is recommended (grade A). Antenatal corticosteroid-induced alterations of fetal heart rate and movements should be recognized by the care providers of women at risk of preterm birth to avoid unjustified decision of labor induction or cesarean (Professional consensus). Gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes are not contraindication to antenatal corticosteroid therapy (Professional consensus). However, caution should be exercised in women with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes (Professional consensus). The apprehension to provoke maternal or neonatal infection should not delay antenatal corticosteroid administration even in case of preterm premature rupture of membranes (grade A). CONCLUSION: Antenatal corticosteroid administration is recommended to every woman at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation (grade A). Repeated courses of antenatal corticosteroids are not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus).
Sapropterin Treatment Prevents Congenital Heart Defects Induced by Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice.; Background Tetrahydrobiopterin is a cofactor of endothelial NO synthase ( eNOS ), which is critical to embryonic heart development. We aimed to study the effects of sapropterin (Kuvan), an orally active synthetic form of tetrahydrobiopterin on eNOS uncoupling and congenital heart defects ( CHD s) induced by pregestational diabetes mellitus in mice. Methods and Results Adult female mice were induced to pregestational diabetes mellitus by streptozotocin and bred with normal male mice to produce offspring. Pregnant mice were treated with sapropterin or vehicle during gestation. CHD s were identified by histological analysis. Cell proliferation, eNOS dimerization, and reactive oxygen species production were assessed in the fetal heart. Pregestational diabetes mellitus results in a spectrum of CHD s in their offspring. Oral treatment with sapropterin in the diabetic dams significantly decreased the incidence of CHD s from 59% to 27%, and major abnormalities, such as atrioventricular septal defect and double-outlet right ventricle, were absent in the sapropterin-treated group. Lineage tracing reveals that pregestational diabetes mellitus results in decreased commitment of second heart field progenitors to the outflow tract, endocardial cushions, and ventricular myocardium of the fetal heart. Notably, decreased cell proliferation and cardiac transcription factor expression induced by maternal diabetes mellitus were normalized with sapropterin treatment. Furthermore, sapropterin administration in the diabetic dams increased eNOS dimerization and lowered reactive oxygen species levels in the fetal heart. Conclusions Sapropterin treatment in the diabetic mothers improves eNOS coupling, increases cell proliferation, and prevents the development of CHD s in the offspring. Thus, sapropterin may have therapeutic potential in preventing CHD s in pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Cardiometabolic outcomes of women exposed to hyperglycaemia first detected in pregnancy at 3-6 years post-partum in an urban South African setting.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycaemia first detected during pregnancy(HFDP) has far-reaching maternal consequences beyond the pregnancy. Our study evaluated the cardiometabolic outcomes in women with prior HFDP versus women without HFDP 3-6 years post-partum in urban South Africa. DESIGN AND METHODS: A prospective cohort study was performed of 103 black African women with prior HFDP and 101 without HFDP, 3-6 years post-partum at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital, Soweto. Index pregnancy data was obtained from medical records. Post-partum, participants were re-evaluated for anthropometric measurements, body composition utilizing dual energy X-ray absorptiometry(DXA) and biochemical analysis (two-hour 75gm OGTT fasting insulin, lipids, creatinine levels and glucose levels). Cardiovascular risk was assessed by Framingham risk score(FRS). Carotid intima media thickness(cIMT) was used as a surrogate marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Factors associated with progression to cardiometabolic outcomes were assessed using multivariable logistic and linear regression models. RESULTS: Forty-six(45.1%) HFDP women progressed to diabetes compared to 5(4.9%) in non HFDP group(p<0.001); only 20(43.4%) were aware of their diabetic status in the whole group. The odds(OR, 95% confidence interval(CI)) of progressing to type 2 diabetes(T2DM) and metabolic syndrome(MetS) after correcting for confounders in the HFDP group was 10.5(95% CI 3.7-29.5) and 6.3(95%CI 2.2-18.1), respectively. All visceral fat indices were found to be significantly higher in the HFDP group after adjusting for baseline body mass index. Ten-year estimated cardiovascular risk(FRS) and mean cIMT was statistically higher in the HFDP group(8.46 IQR 4.9-14.4; 0.48 mm IQR 0.44-0.53 respectively) compared to the non-HFDP group(3.48 IQR 2.1-5.7; 0.46mm IQR 0.42-0.50) respectively and this remained significant for FRS but was attenuated for cIMT after correcting for confounders. HIV did not play a role in progression to any of these outcomes. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of HFDP have a higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions within 6 years post-partum in an urban sub-Saharan African setting.
Effect of maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus on congenital heart diseases.; BACKGROUND: The increasing population of diabetes mellitus in adolescent girls and women of childbearing age contributes to a large number of pregnancies with maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus. Congenital heart diseases are a common adverse outcome in mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus. However, there is little systematic information between maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus and congenital heart diseases in the offspring. DATA SOURCES: Literature selection was performed in PubMed. One hundred and seven papers were cited in our review, including 36 clinical studies, 26 experimental studies, 31 reviews, eight meta-analysis articles, and six of other types. RESULTS: Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus poses a high risk of congenital heart diseases in the offspring and causes variety of phenotypes of congenital heart diseases. Factors such as persistent maternal hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, polymorphism of uncoupling protein 2, polymorphism of adiponectin gene, Notch 1 pathway, Nkx2.5 disorders, dysregulation of the hypoxia-inducible factor 1, and viral etiologies are associated with the occurrence of congenital heart diseases in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus. Treatment options including blood sugar-reducing, anti-oxidative stress drug supplements and exercise can help to prevent maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus from inducing congenital heart diseases. CONCLUSIONS: Our review contributes to a better understanding of the association between maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus and congenital heart diseases in the offspring and to a profound thought of the mechanism, preventive and therapeutic measurements of congenital heart diseases caused by maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Maternal diabetes causes coordinated down-regulation of genes involved with lipid metabolism in the murine fetal heart.; Maternal diabetes is associated with increased transport of lipids to the fetus and increased risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus. During fetal life, the heart normally has limited capacity to use lipids as fuel; and, at least in adults, cardiac lipid accumulation may lead to cardiomyopathy. Postnatally, lipid supply is increased when the offspring begins to suckle. We examined offspring from hypoinsulinemic Ins2(Akita) mice to assess whether maternal diabetes results in fetal myocardial hypertrophy and triglyceride accumulation and compared these with fetal hearts collected postnatally. On embryonic days 16 to 19, the fetal heart weight and triglyceride content were similar in offspring from Ins2(Akita) and nondiabetic wild-type mothers. The heart expression of lipid-metabolizing genes (peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor alpha, lipoprotein lipase, fatty acid translocase, and fatty acid transport protein 1) was reduced in offspring from Ins2(Akita) mothers with high blood glucose levels and were closely intercorrelated, suggesting coordinated down-regulation. In contrast, on day 1 postnatally where the lipid availability to the heart is markedly increased, heart triglycerides and expression of several lipid-metabolizing genes (including lipoprotein lipase and fatty acid transport protein 1) were increased in offspring from wild-type mice. The results suggest that maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus in Ins2(Akita) mice does not cause cardiac hypertrophy or triglycerides accumulation in the fetal heart, possibly because of a coordinated down-regulation of genes controlling fatty acid uptake.
The effect of weight management interventions that include a diet component on weight-related outcomes in pregnant and postpartum women: a systematic review protocol.; REVIEW QUESTION/OBJECTIVE: What are the effects of weight management interventions that include a diet component on weight-related outcomes in pregnant and postpartum women?The primary objective of this systematic review is to evaluate the effectiveness of weight management interventions which include a diet component and are aimed at limiting gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention in women.The second objective of this systematic review is to investigate included intervention components with respect to effect on weight-related outcomes. This may include, but is not limited to: length of intervention, use of face-to-face counselling, group or individual consultations, use of other interventions components including exercise, use of goals and use of support tools like food diaries, coaching, including email or text message support. BACKGROUND: Around half of all women of reproductive age are either overweight or obese, with women aged 25-34 years having a greater risk of substantial weight gain compared with men of all ages. Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and postpartum weight retention (PPWR) may play a significant role in long term obesity. Having one child doubles the five- and 10-year obesity incidence for women, with many women who gain excessive weight during pregnancy remaining obese permanently. Excessive GWG and/or PPWR can also significantly contribute to short- and long-term adverse health outcomes for mother, baby and future pregnancies.Maternal obesity increases the risk of pregnancy related complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, stillbirth and the rate of caesarean section. Childhood obesity is a further long term complication of maternal obesity for offspring, which may persist in to adulthood. Excess GWG is also a risk factor for PPWR both in the short and long-term. Nehring et al. conducted a meta-analysis with over 65,000 women showing that, compared to women who gained weight within recommendations during pregnancy, women with GWG above Institute of Medicine weight gain recommendations, retained an additional 3.1 kg and 4.7kg after three and greater than or equal to 15 years postpartum, respectively. The health risk associated with PPWR is highlighted in a study of 151,025 Swedish women followed between 1992 and 2001.The study identified the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for those who gained three or more units of Body Mass Index (kg/m2) between consecutive pregnancies (an average of two years) was much higher compared with women whose BMI changed from -1.0 and 0.9 units. Long-term chronic disease risk may also be affected by PPWR as weight retention at the end of the first year post-partum has been found to be a predictor of maternal overweight 15 years later.With around 14-20% of women retaining 5kg or more 12 months postpartum, the risk of developing conditions like diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease may be increased. It becomes evident that interventions which aim to support attainment of healthy weight both in the antenatal and postpartum periods are key health priorities for women during this life stage.Lifestyle factors of overweight, having poor diet quality, and not undertaking enough moderate-to-vigorous physical activity are amongst the top five predictors of mortality in women. Additionally it is noted that, for many women, pregnancy and the postpartum period are associated with a reduction in physical activity. It is known that a combination of poor dietary choices, an increase in sedentary time and reduction in physical activity are all contributors to the development of overweight and obesity. With this in mind, current research has focused on lifestyle interventions to limit GWG and PPWR. Thangaratinam et al. reviewed 44 randomized controlled trials (7278 women) where interventions including diet, physical activity or both were evaluated for their influence on maternal weight during pregnancy. Results indicate that all were significantly effective in reducing GWG compared with the control group. More specifically, dietary interventions were the most effective in reducing weight gain, with a mean weight loss of -3.84kg compared with -0.72kg and -1.06kg for physical activity and the mixed (diet plus physical activity) approach, respectively. This finding is supported by Hill and colleagues' recent systematic review of theory based interventions to limit GWG. Included studies in this review reported an underpinning theory base and were classified as adopting a dietary, physical activity or mixed approach. Hill et al. concluded that studies which included a diet intervention were significantly more effective at limiting GWG.In 2011 Tanentsapf et al. reviewed the effect of dietary interventions alone for reducing GWG in normal weight, overweight and obese pregnant women. This review analysed 13 randomized controlled trials and quasi-randomized controlled trials with a dietary intervention to prevent excessive GWG in women. The review concluded that dietary interventions during pregnancy were effective in reducing GWG with an effect of -1.92kg (n=1434) compared with the control group.Tanentsapf et al. identified that trials differed in the conduct of the interventions with various diet and non-diet related components utilised. Dietary approaches were highly variable with some trials focusing only on calorie restriction and others included additional target macronutrient distribution for intake. Some trials further provided feedback based on maternal weight gain guidelines. Interventions also varied in delivery method with a variety of modes used, including face-to-face, individual or group consultations and/or written correspondence. The frequency of communication, despite the type or mix, also changed from trial to trial with additional methods via telephone, posted materials, feedback or food diaries utilised. The inclusion of physical activity in addition to diet intervention was also common. Whilst the recent review by Tanentsapf et al. identified that dietary interventions are effective in reducing GWG, the review did not investigate the impact that different intervention components, delivery methods or dietary counselling approaches had on gestational weight management. It remains unclear as to which intervention components optimize GWG in women.The impact of lifestyle interventions has also been investigated in the postpartum period. The recent systematic review from van der Pligt et al. reported seven of 11 studies reviewed were successful in limiting PPWR. As with studies aimed at limiting GWG, interventions included in van der Pligt et al.'s review differed greatly in their conduct. Six of these seven studies included both dietary and physical activity components for the intervention, with the final successful study including a diet only intervention. Five of the successful studies recruited overweight or obese women only. Intervention time varied considerably in successful studies with some running for as little at ten days, and others up to six months.Bertz et al. demonstrated that their 12-week behavior modification intervention which targeted diet alone or diet and exercise, including two individual sessions with a dietitian and physical therapist, provision of scales for weight self-monitoring and bi-weekly text messages was successful in achieving significant weight loss following the intervention, and sustained at one year. The diet intervention and the diet and exercise intervention yielded significant weight loss compared to the control. Following 12 weeks a reduction of -8.3 +/- 4.2kg for diet intervention and -6.9 +/- 3.0kg for diet and exercise was observed. Additionally after one year, the diet intervention showed -10.2 +/- 5.7kg reduction and -7.3 +/- 6.3kg for the diet and exercise intervention (p<0.001). Colleran et al. also found significant weight change results by implementing a 16-week intervention which consisted of weekly individual sessions with a dietitian regarding calorie restriction, two additional home visits regarding exercise, weekly food diary completion and email support. The intervention group had greater weight loss compared to the control group (-5.8kg +/- 3.5kg vs -1.6kg +/- 5.4kg). It can be seen that various methods have been utilized in investigating the impact of diet and physical activity interventions on PPWR. The review by van der Pligt et al. highlights the impact successful lifestyle interventions can have on postpartum weight change. However, this review did not investigate the different intervention strategies utilized. It remains unclear as to the optimal setting, delivery method, diet strategy, contact frequency or intervention length to limit PPWR.Previous systematic reviews for both GWG and PPWR have focused on the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions as a whole for weight management in pregnant and postpartum women. And despite Tanentsapf et al.'s focus on dietary interventions for GWG, much is still unknown about the effectiveness of differing diet interventions over the antenatal and postpartum period. Specifically, the impact of differing diet intervention strategies on maternal weight gain is not known. Firstly, this systematic review will focus on whether weight management interventions which include a dietary component are effective in pregnant and postpartum women. In addition to this, this review will investigate the different intervention strategies utilized and their effectiveness in maternal weight management. A search of systematic review protocol databases has shown that there is no current review underway for this topic.
[Steps toward the primary prevention of type II diabetes mellitus. Various epidemiological considerations].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), or type II diabetes is rapidly becoming one of the most common chronic disease in the United States and worldwide, with more than 7% of the adult population affected. NIDDM is even more common in the elderly and in minority population including Hispanic Americans, African Americans, Asian and Pacific Island Americans, and Native Americans. In these populations, NIDDM may be present in 10% to as much as 50% of the adult population. However diagnosed NIDDM is only the tip of the iceberg of an epidemic of glucose intolerance. Impaired glucose intolerance (IGT) is even more prevalent that NIDDM; and in addition to be a major risk factor for the development of NIDDM, IGT is associated with an increased risk of macrovascular disease. Recent advances in research into the etiology and natural history of diabetes have increased the knowledge to such an extent that primary prevention of NIDDM is becoming a reality. This primary prevention can be implemented a) through a population strategy, i.e. changing the lifestyle and environmental determinants that are known to be risk factors for diabetes, and b) through high-risk strategy, i.e. targeting preventive measures only at those specific individuals or groups that are at high risk for the future development of NIDDM. The latter is the strategy of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DDP), a clinical study sponsored by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease in USA. Twenty five centers were selected to participate in this program. The purpose of DPP is prevent or delay the development of NIDDM in those persons who are at high risk because they have IGT. DPP will also evaluate if the interventions selected to prevent the development of NIDDM can decrease the frequency of cardiovascular events and the occurrence and magnitude of the cardiovascular risk factors that accompany NIDDM and IGT. Four thousand volunteers will be recruited from populations known to be at particular high risk fo IGT and NIDDM including the following: elderly, overweight individuals, persons with family history of NIDDM, women with history of gestational diabetes, and minority populations. In order to be eligible, persons who are older than 25 years will have to demonstrate IGT with plasma glucose levels 100-139 mg/dl fasting and 140-199 mg/dL two hours after a 75 g OGTT. Three study intervention were selected based on their potential efficacy in ameliorating abnormal glucose metabolism in IGT and on their safety and tolerable profile of side-effects. The interventions include: intensive lifestyle intervention which focuses on a healthy diet to achieve and maintain at least a 7% loss of body weight and an increase in caloric expenditure of at least 700 kcal per week. The drug therapy interventions include the biguanide metformin and the thiazolidinedione troglizatone. Standard life-style recommendations, which include conventional instructions regarding diet and exercise, will be provided to all participants, including a placebo treated group which will serve as the control group for the study. After randomization, participants will have quarterly evaluations and have, in addition, a fasting plasma glucose at semi-annual visits and a 75 g OGTT at annual visits. All participants will be followed for three years after the study-wide closing date for recruitment, resulting in 3 to 6 years of participant follow-up. The primary outcome is the development of NIDDM according to WHO criteria (fasting plasma glucose level 140 mg/dL or 2-hour plasma glucose 200 mg/dL after a 75 g OGTT). Secondary outcome will focus en cardiovascular disease and its risk factors and change of glycemia, insulin secretion and sensitivity, obesity, physical activity and nutrient intake, quality of life, and the occurrence of adverse events.
Birth weight-for-gestational age is associated with DNA methylation at birth and in childhood.; BACKGROUND: Both higher and lower fetal growth are associated with cardio-metabolic health later in life, suggesting that prenatal developmental programming determines long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Epigenetic mechanisms, which orchestrate fetal growth and development, may offer insight on the early programming of health and disease. We investigated whether birth weight-for-gestational is associated with DNA methylation at birth and mid-childhood, measured via the Infinium 450K array. METHODS/RESULTS: Participants were from Project Viva, a pre-birth cohort of pregnant women and their children in Eastern Massachusetts. After exclusion of participants with maternal type 1 or 2 diabetes and gestational age <34 weeks, we used DNA methylation assays from 476 venous umbilical cord blood samples and a subset of 235 who additionally had peripheral blood samples available in mid-childhood (age 7-10 years). Among 392,918 CpG sites analyzed, birth weight-for-gestational age z-score was associated with cord blood DNA methylation at 34 CpGs (false discovery rate P < 0.05), after adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, parity, delivery mode, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes status, child sex, and estimated cord blood cell proportions based on a cord blood reference panel. Two of these CpGs were previously reported in epigenome-wide analyses of birth weight, and several other CpGs map to genes relevant to fetal growth and development. Namely, higher birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with higher methylation at four CpGs at the PBX1 locus (e.g., β (95% CI) for lead signal at cg06750897 = 1.9 (1.2, 2.6)), which encodes a transcription factor that regulates embryonic development. Birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with mid-childhood blood DNA methylation at four of the 34 CpGs identified in cord blood analyses, including sites at the PBX1 locus described. CONCLUSIONS: We identified CpG sites where birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with DNA methylation at birth, and for a subset of these sites, birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with DNA methylation at mid-childhood.
Associations of gestational cardiovascular health with pregnancy outcomes: the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study.; BACKGROUND: The American Heart Association's formal characterization of cardiovascular health combines several metrics in a health-oriented, rather than disease-oriented, framework. Although cardiovascular health assessment during pregnancy has been recommended, its significance for pregnancy outcomes is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the association of gestational cardiovascular health-formally characterized by a combination of 5 metrics-with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed data from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study, including 2304 mother-newborn dyads from 6 countries. Maternal cardiovascular health was defined by the combination of the following 5 metrics measured at a mean of 28 (24-32) weeks' gestation: body mass index, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and smoking. Levels of each metric were categorized using pregnancy guidelines, and the total cardiovascular health was scored (0-10 points, where 10 was the most favorable). Cord blood was collected at delivery, newborn anthropometrics were measured within 72 hours, and medical records were abstracted for obstetrical outcomes. Modified Poisson and multinomial logistic regression were used to test the associations of gestational cardiovascular health with pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for center and maternal and newborn characteristics. RESULTS: The average age of women at study exam was 29.6 years old, and they delivered at a mean gestational age of 39.8 weeks. The mean total gestational cardiovascular health score was 8.6 (of 10); 36.3% had all ideal metrics and 7.5% had 2+ poor metrics. In fully adjusted models, each 1 point higher (more favorable) cardiovascular health score was associated with lower risks for preeclampsia (relative risk, 0.67 [95% confidence interval, 0.61-0.73]), unplanned primary cesarean delivery (0.88 [0.82-0.95]), newborn birthweight >90th percentile (0.81 [0.75-0.87]), sum of skinfolds >90th percentile (0.84 [0.77-0.92]), and insulin sensitivity <10th percentile (0.83 [0.77-0.90]). Cardiovascular health categories demonstrated graded associations with outcomes; for example, relative risks (95% confidence intervals) for preeclampsia were 3.13 (1.39-7.06), 5.34 (2.44-11.70), and 9.30 (3.95-21.86) for women with ≥1 intermediate, 1 poor, or ≥2 poor (vs all ideal) metrics, respectively. CONCLUSION: More favorable cardiovascular health at 24 to 32 weeks' gestation was associated with lower risks for several adverse pregnancy outcomes in a multinational cohort.
Association of Maternal Diabetes Mellitus and Polymorphisms of the NKX2.5 Gene in Children with Congenital Heart Disease: A Single Centre-Based Case-Control Study.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common birth defects among newborns, accounting for a large proportion of infant mortality worldwide. However, the mechanisms remain largely undefinable. This study aimed to investigate the association of CHD in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of NKX2.5. METHODS AND RESULTS: A case-control study of 620 mothers of CHD patients and 620 mothers of healthy children admitted to Hunan Children's Hospital from November 2017 to December 2019 was conducted. We collected the mothers' information by questionnaire and detected children's NKX2.5 variants with a MassARRAY system. The interaction coefficient (γ) was used to quantify the estimated gene-environment interactions. Univariate and multivariate analyses both showed that the infants had a higher risk of CHD if their mothers had a history of DM, including gestational DM (GDM) during this pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR = 4.98]), GDM in previous pregnancies (aOR = 4.30), and pregestational DM (PGDM) in the 3 months before this pregnancy (aOR = 6.78). Polymorphisms of the NKX2.5 gene at rs11802669 (C/C vs. T/T: aOR = 4.97; C/T vs. T/T: aOR = 2.15) and rs2277923 (T/T vs. C/C, aOR = 1.74; T/C vs. C/C, aOR = 1.61) were significantly associated with the risk of CHD in offspring. In addition, significant interactions between maternal DM and NKX2.5 genetic variants at rs11802669 (aOR = 8.12) and rs2277923 (aOR = 17.72) affecting the development of CHD were found. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that maternal DM, NKX2.5 genetic variants, and their interactions are significantly associated with the risk of CHD in offspring.
Prepregnancy Diabetes and Offspring Risk of Congenital Heart Disease: A Nationwide Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of offspring congenital heart defects (CHD); however, the causal mechanism is poorly understood. We further investigated this association in a Danish nationwide cohort. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a national cohort study, we identified 2 025 727 persons born from 1978 to 2011; among them were 7296 (0.36%) persons exposed to maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus. Pregestational diabetes mellitus was identified by using the National Patient Register and individual-level information on all prescriptions filled in Danish pharmacies. Persons with CHD (n=16 325) were assigned to embryologically related cardiac phenotypes. The CHD prevalence in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus was 318 per 10 000 live births (n=232) in comparison with a baseline risk of 80 per 10 000; the adjusted relative risk for CHD was 4.00 (95% confidence interval, 3.51-4.53). The association was not modified by year of birth, maternal age at diabetes onset, or diabetes duration, and CHD risks associated with type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (insulin-independent) diabetes mellitus did not differ significantly. Persons born to women with previous acute diabetes complications had a higher CHD risk than those exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus without complications (relative risk, 7.62; 95% confidence interval, 5.23-10.6, and relative risk, 3.49; 95% confidence interval, 2.91-4.13, respectively; P=0.0004). All specific CHD phenotypes were associated with maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (relative risk range, 2.74-13.8). CONCLUSIONS: The profoundly increased CHD risk conferred by maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus neither changed over time nor differed by diabetes subtype. The association with acute pregestational diabetes complications was particularly strong, suggesting a role for glucose in the causal pathway.
Ambient air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: Differences by maternal comorbidities.; BACKGROUND: Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution has been associated with adverse birth outcomes, but the potential modifying effect of maternal comorbidities remains understudied. Our objective was to investigate whether associations between prenatal air pollution exposures and birth outcomes differ by maternal comorbidities. METHODS: A total of 818,400 singleton live births were identified in the province of Ontario, Canada from 2005 to 2012. We assigned exposures to fine particulate matter (PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and ozone (O3) to maternal residences during pregnancy. We evaluated potential effect modification by maternal comorbidities (i.e. asthma, hypertension, pre-existing diabetes mellitus, heart disease, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia) on the associations between prenatal air pollution and preterm birth, term low birth weight and small for gestational age. RESULTS: Interquartile range (IQR) increases in PM2.5 (2μg/m(3)), NO2 (9ppb) and O3 (5ppb) over the entire pregnancy were associated with a 4% (95% CI: 2.4-5.6%), 8.4% (95% CI: 5.5-10.3%) and 2% (95% CI: 0.5-4.1%) increase in the odds of preterm birth, respectively. Increases of 10.6% (95% CI: 0.2-2.1%) and 23.8% (95% CI: 5.5-44.8%) in the odds of preterm birth were observed among women with pre-existing diabetes while the increases were of 3.8% (95% CI: 2.2-5.4%) and 6.5% (95% CI: 3.7-8.4%) among women without this condition for pregnancy exposure to PM2.5 and NO2, respectively (Pint<0.01). The increase in the odds of preterm birth for exposure to PM2.5 during pregnancy was higher among women with preeclampsia (8.3%, 95% CI: 0.8-16.4%) than among women without (3.6%, 95% CI: 1.8-5.3%) (Pint=0.04). A stronger increase in the odds of preterm birth was found for exposure to O3 during pregnancy among asthmatic women (12.0%, 95% CI: 3.5-21.1%) compared to non-asthmatic women (2.0%, 95% CI: 0.1-3.5%) (Pint<0.01). We did not find statistically significant effect modification for the other outcomes investigated. CONCLUSIONS: Findings of this study suggest that associations of ambient air pollution with preterm birth are stronger among women with pre-existing diabetes, asthma, and preeclampsia.
Harmonising research outcomes for polycystic ovary syndrome: an international multi-stakeholder core outcome set.; STUDY QUESTION: What are the key core outcomes to be reported in studies on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: We identified 3 generic and 30 specific core outcomes in 6 specialist domains: metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), oncological (1), psychological (1) and long-term outcomes (1). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Research reporting PCOS is heterogeneous with high variation in outcome selection, definition and quality. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Evidence synthesis and a modified Delphi method with e-surveys were used as well as a consultation meeting. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Overall, 71 health professionals and 123 lay consumers (women with lived experience of PCOS and members of advocacy and peer support groups) from 17 high-, middle- and low-income countries were involved in this analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The final core outcome set included 3 generic outcomes (BMI, quality of life, treatment satisfaction) that are applicable to all studies on women with PCOS and 30 specific outcomes that were categorised into six specialist domains: 8 metabolic outcomes (waist circumference, type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, coronary heart disease, lipid profile, venous thromboembolic disease); 7 reproductive outcomes [viable pregnancy (confirmed by ultrasound including singleton, twins and higher multiples), clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, menstrual regularity, reproductive hormonal profile, chronic anovulation, ovulation stimulation success including the number of stimulated follicles ≥ 12 mm, incidence and severity of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome]; 10 pregnancy outcomes (live birth, miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal mortality, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, baby birth weight, major congenital abnormalities); 3 psychological outcomes (depression, anxiety, eating disorders); 1 oncological (abnormal endometrial proliferation including atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer); and 1 outcome in the long-term domain (long-term offspring metabolic and developmental outcomes). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We involved lay consumers in all stages of study through e-surveys but not through focus groups, thereby limiting our understanding of their choices. We did not address the variations in the definitions and measurement tools for some of the core outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Implementing this core outcome set in future studies on women with PCOS will improve the quality of reporting and aid evidence synthesis. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Evidence synthesis was funded through the Australian government, National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) Centre for Research Excellence in PCOS, and H.T. is funded through an NHMRC fellowship. B.H.A. is funded through an NIHR lectureship. All authors have no competing interest to declare.
Maternal and fetal factors affecting cord plasma leptin and adiponectin levels and their ratio in preterm and term newborns: New insight on fetal origins of metabolic dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: Understanding of maternal and fetal factors affecting leptin, adiponectin, and adiponectin:leptin ratio at birth may provide valuable insights into potential future risk of metabolic alterations and inform primordial prevention and precision nutrition strategies. The objective of this study is to identify maternal and fetal risk factors that affect leptin and adiponectin levels (markers of adiposity) and adiponectin/leptin ratio (a marker of dysfunctional adipose tissue) at birth. METHODS: We studied mother-infant pairs in the Boston Birth Cohort. Cord blood was collected at birth. We used student t- tests to compare log normalized cord leptin and adiponectin levels. Regression analysis was performed to examine the association of maternal and fetal factors with leptin and adiponectin levels and adiponectin:leptin ratio at birth in both term and preterm infants. RESULTS: We analyzed 1012 infants (245 preterm). Both cord leptin and adiponectin were higher in term infants than preterm infants (10.2 ± 0.9 vs. 9.2 ± 1.3, P < 0.0001 and 9.5 ± 0.7 vs. 8.9 ± 0.8, P < 0.0001, respectively). Cord leptin was higher for Black infants (10.1 ± 1.1 vs. 9.9 ± 1.2; P < 0.001) although Black (ref: non-Black) infants had lower cord adiponectin levels (9.3 ± 0.8 vs. 9.5 ± 0.7; P = 0.01). Ratio of adiponectin to leptin (log normalized) was higher in preterm infants (-0.24) vs. term infants (-0.69). On regression analysis, cord leptin was positively associated with longer gestational age (GA), birth weight z score, Black race, maternal overweight and obesity, gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes mellitus and negatively associated with male sex. Cord adiponectin was positively associated with GA, birth weight z score and negatively with Black race and male sex. Adiponectin:leptin ratio was positively with male sex and negatively with GA, birth weight z score, Black race, gestational DM, pregestational DM and maternal overweight and obesity. CONCLUSIONS: We identified several factors that affect leptin and adiponectin levels along with adiponectin-leptin ratio at birth beyond GA and birth weight which could also play an important role in influencing the trajectory of these hormones and future cardiometabolic outcomes. This knowledge can help tailor precision nutrition interventions.
Association between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and hypoglycemia in Chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy and influence factors.; This retrospective study aimed to investigate the correlation between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB) and hypoglycemia (NH) in Chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), and the influencing factors. All the data were collected July 1, 2017 and June 30, 2020, and 10,558 Chinese women with DIP and live births were included. Two separate multivariate binary stepwise forward logistic regression analysis calculated OR with 95% CI. The prevalence rates of NHB and NH was respectively 3.65% and 5.82% among women with DIP. The comorbidity of both diseases was 0.59%. NH were 1.81 times (OR 1.81, 1.19-2.76) more likely to have hyperbilirubinemia. NHB is positively correlated with NH (OR 1.93, 1.27-2.92). Increased gestational age has a protective effect on both NH (OR 0.76, 0.68-0.85) and NHB (OR 0.80, 0.69-0.92). Abnormal placental morphology is related to NH (OR 1.55, 1.16-2.08) and NHB (OR 1.64, 1.10-2.45). Regarding neonatal outcomes, congenital heart disease (CHD) (OR 2.16, 1.25-3.73; and OR 10.14, 6.47-15.90) was a risk factor for NH and NHB. NHB and NH were significantly correlated in women with DIP. The offspring of DIP with multiple risk factors have a significantly increased risk of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
Single-cell transcriptomic profiling unveils dysregulation of cardiac progenitor cells and cardiomyocytes in a mouse model of maternal hyperglycemia.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most prevalent birth defect, often linked to genetic variations, environmental exposures, or combination of both. Epidemiological studies reveal that maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with ~5-fold higher risk of CHD in the offspring; however, the causal mechanisms affecting cardiac gene-regulatory-network (GRN) during early embryonic development remain poorly understood. In this study, we utilize an established murine model of pregestational diabetes to uncover the transcriptional responses in key cell-types of the developing heart exposed to maternal hyperglycemia (matHG). Here we show that matHG elicits diverse cellular responses in E9.5 and E11.5 embryonic hearts compared to non-diabetic hearts by single-cell RNA-sequencing. Through differential-gene-expression and cellular trajectory analyses, we identify perturbations in genes, predominantly affecting Isl1(+) second heart field progenitors and Tnnt2(+) cardiomyocytes with matHG. Using cell-fate mapping analysis in Isl1-lineage descendants, we demonstrate that matHG impairs cardiomyocyte differentiation and alters the expression of lineage-specifying cardiac genes. Finally, our work reveals matHG-mediated transcriptional changes in second heart field lineage that elevate CHD risk by perturbing Isl1-GRN during cardiomyocyte differentiation. Gene-environment interaction studies targeting the Isl1-GRN in cardiac progenitor cells will have a broader impact on understanding the mechanisms of matHG-induced risk of CHD associated with diabetic pregnancies.
Metformin prescription for U.S. veterans with prediabetes, 2010-2019.; Affecting an estimated 88 million Americans, prediabetes increases the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and independently, cardiovascular disease, retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Nevertheless, little is known about the use of metformin for diabetes prevention among patients in the Veterans Health Administration, the largest integrated healthcare system in the U.S. This is a retrospective observational cohort study of the proportion of Veterans with incident prediabetes who were prescribed metformin at the Veterans Health Administration from October 2010 to September 2019. Among 1,059,605 Veterans with incident prediabetes, 12,009 (1.1%) were prescribed metformin during an average 3.4 years of observation after diagnosis. Metformin prescribing was marginally higher (1.6%) among those with body mass index (BMI) ≥35 kg/m(2), age <60 years, HbA(1c)≥6.0%, or those with a history of gestational diabetes, all subgroups at a higher risk for progression to T2DM. In a multivariable model, metformin was more likely to be prescribed for those with BMI ≥35 kg/m(2) incidence rate ratio [IRR] 2.6 [95% confidence intervals (CI): 2.1-3.3], female sex IRR, 2.4 [95% CI: 1.8-3.3], HbA(1c)≥6% IRR, 1.93 [95% CI: 1.5-2.4], age <60 years IRR, 1.7 [95% CI: 1.3-2.3], hypertriglyceridemia IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.2-1.9], hypertension IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1-2.1], Major Depressive Disorder IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1-2.0], or schizophrenia IRR, 2.1 [95% CI: 1.2-3.8]. Over 20% of Veterans with prediabetes attended a comprehensive structured lifestyle modification clinic or program. Among Veterans with prediabetes, metformin was prescribed to 1.1% overall, a proportion that marginally increased to 1.6% in the subset of individuals at highest risk for progression to T2DM.
Women and omega-3 Fatty acids.; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) are constituents of the membranes of all cells in the body and are precursors of locally produced hormones, eicosanoids, which are important in the prevention and treatment of various diseases, especially in women. Omega-3 FA are of interest in some of the most common conditions affecting women. One mechanism underlying dysmenorrhea is a disturbed balance between antiinflammatory, vasodilator eicosanoids derived from omega-3 FA and proinflammatory, vasoconstrictor eicosanoids derived from omega-6 FA. Increased intake of omega-3 FA can reverse the symptoms in this condition by decreasing the amount of omega-6 FA in cell membranes. An increased prostacyclin/thromboxane ratio induced by omega-3 FA can facilitate pregnancy in women with infertility problems by increasing uterine blood flow. Supplementation with omega-3 FA during pregnancy lowers the risk of premature birth and can increase the length of pregnancy and birth weight by altering the balance of eicosanoids involved in labor and promote fetal growth by improving placental blood flow. Intake of omega-3 FA during pregnancy and breast feeding may facilitate the child's brain development. There is also some evidence that supplementation with omega-3 FA might help to prevent preeclampsia, postpartum depression, menopausal problems, postmenopausal osteoporosis, and breast cancer. Furthermore, because elevated triglyceride levels are associated with cardiovascular disease, especially in women; and because omega-3 FA have powerful effects on triglycerides, women in particular gain from an increased intake of these fatty acids. This is especially important in women receiving hormone therapy, which can increase triglyceride levels. The quality of the omega-3 FA preparation is important. It should have an appropriate antioxidant content not to induce lipid peroxidation, and its content of dioxin and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) should be well below the established safe limit.
Methylation analysis by targeted bisulfite sequencing in large for gestational age (LGA) newborns: the LARGAN cohort.; BACKGROUND: In 1990, David Barker proposed that prenatal nutrition is directly linked to adult cardiovascular disease. Since then, the relationship between adult cardiovascular risk, metabolic syndrome and birth weight has been widely documented. Here, we used the TruSeq Methyl Capture EPIC platform to compare the methylation patterns in cord blood from large for gestational age (LGA) vs adequate for gestational age (AGA) newborns from the LARGAN cohort. RESULTS: We found 1672 differentially methylated CpGs (DMCs) with a nominal p < 0.05 and 48 differentially methylated regions (DMRs) with a corrected p < 0.05 between the LGA and AGA groups. A systems biology approach identified several biological processes significantly enriched with genes in association with DMCs with FDR < 0.05, including regulation of transcription, regulation of epinephrine secretion, norepinephrine biosynthesis, receptor transactivation, forebrain regionalization and several terms related to kidney and cardiovascular development. Gene ontology analysis of the genes in association with the 48 DMRs identified several significantly enriched biological processes related to kidney development, including mesonephric duct development and nephron tubule development. Furthermore, our dataset identified several DNA methylation markers enriched in gene networks involved in biological pathways and rare diseases of the cardiovascular system, kidneys, and metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: Our study identified several DMCs/DMRs in association with fetal overgrowth. The use of cord blood as a material for the identification of DNA methylation biomarkers gives us the possibility to perform follow-up studies on the same patients as they grow. These studies will not only help us understand how the methylome responds to continuum postnatal growth but also link early alterations of the DNA methylome with later clinical markers of growth and metabolic fitness.
Intraabdominal fat, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular risk factors in postpartum women with a history of preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop preeclampsia have a higher risk of future cardiovascular disease and diabetes compared to women who have uncomplicated pregnancies. We hypothesized that women with prior preeclampsia would have increased visceral adiposity that would be a major determinant of their metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: We compared intraabdominal fat (IAF) area, insulin sensitivity index (SI), fasting lipids, low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate, and brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation in 49 women with prior preeclampsia and 22 controls who were at least 8 months postpartum and matched for age, parity, body mass index, and months postpartum. Women were eligible if they did not smoke tobacco, use hormonal contraception, have chronic hypertension, or have a history of gestational diabetes. RESULTS: The groups were similar for age (mean ± SD: prior preeclampsia 33.4 ± 6.6 vs control 34.6 ± 4.3 years), parity (median: 1 for both), body mass index (26.7 ± 5.9 vs 24.0 ± 7.3 kg/m(2)), and months postpartum (median [25th-75th percentile]: 16 [13-38] vs 16.5 [13-25]). There were no significant differences in IAF area and SI. Despite this, women with preeclampsia had lower high-density lipoprotein (46.0 ± 10.7 vs 51.3 ± 9.3 mg/dL; P < .05), smaller/denser low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate (0.276 ± 0.022 vs 0.289 ± 0.016; P = .02), higher systolic (114.6 ± 10.9 vs 102.3 ± 7.5 mm Hg) and diastolic (67.6 ± 7.5 vs 60.9 ± 3.6 mm Hg; P < .001) blood pressures, and impaired flow-mediated dilatation (4.5 [2-6.7] vs 8.8 [4.5-9.1] percent change, P < .05) compared to controls. In a subgroup analysis, women with nonsevere preeclampsia (n = 17) had increased IAF (98.3 [60.1-122.2]) vs 63.1 [40.1-70.7] cm(2); P = .02) and decreased SI (4.18 [2.43-5.25] vs 5.5 [3.9-8.3] × 10(-5) min(-1)/pmol/L; P = .035) compared to the controls, whereas women with severe preeclampsia (n = 32) were not different for IAF and SI. IAF was negatively associated with SI and positively associated with cardiovascular risk factors even after adjusting for the matching variables and total body fat. CONCLUSION: Women with prior preeclampsia have an atherogenic lipid profile and endothelial dysfunction compared to matched control subjects despite having similar adiposity and insulin sensitivity, suggesting that there are mechanisms separate from obesity and insulin resistance that lead to their cardiovascular risk factors. Visceral adiposity may have a role in contributing to these risk factors in the subgroup of women who have preeclampsia without severe features.
Factors Associated with Diabetes-Related Clinical Inertia in a Managed Care Population and Its Effect on Hemoglobin A1c Goal Attainment: A Claims-Based Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Despite evidence showing the benefits of treatment intensification following an elevated hemoglobin A1c (A1c), clinical inertia, or failure to establish and/or escalate treatment to achieve treatment goals, is a concern among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Clinical inertia may contribute to increased health care utilization and costs due to poor clinical outcomes in MCOs. OBJECTIVES: To (a) identify factors associated with clinical inertia in T2DM and (b) determine differences in A1c goal attainment between patients who experience clinical inertia versus treatment intensification in a commercially insured population. METHODS: Medical and pharmacy claims data were used to identify commercially insured patients in a regional MCO with a recorded A1c ≥ 8.0% between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2015. In the 4 months following the first elevated A1c value (index date), patients were classified into 2 groups: treatment intensification or clinical inertia. Treatment intensification was defined as the addition of ≥ 1 new noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication, the addition of insulin, or a dose increase of any current noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication. Patients were required to have ≥ 1 follow-up A1c value 6-12 months after the index date and continuous enrollment in the health plan for 12 months before and after the index date. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis for gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes or if they were on insulin in the pre-index period. The primary outcome of attaining A1c < 7.0% was compared between groups after propensity score matching (PSM). Factors associated with clinical inertia were identified using logistic regression. RESULTS: 3,078 patients, with a mean (SD) age of 54.4 (10.6) years and a mean (SD) baseline A1c of 9.6% (1.7), were included in the study. Of these, 1,093 patients (36%) experienced clinical inertia. After PSM, 1,760 patients remained; 880 in each group. In the clinical inertia group, 23% of patients achieved an A1c < 7.0% in the post-index period, compared with 35% in the treatment intensification group (P < 0.001). A greater likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia was associated with baseline treatment with 2 (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.22-2.86; P < 0.001) or ≥ 3 (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.30-2.42; P < 0.001) antihyperglycemic medications (vs. none), baseline age ≥ 65 years (OR = 2.11, 95% CI = 1.63-2.74; P < 0.001), and diagnosis of coronary heart disease (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.10-1.88; P = 0.007). A baseline A1c ≥ 9.0% (vs. 8.0%-8.9%) was associated with a lower likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia (OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.48-0.66; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: More than a third of patients in a commercially insured population with T2DM and a baseline A1c ≥ 8% experienced clinical inertia. Clinical inertia resulted in worse A1c outcomes over the 12-month follow-up period. Results of this study suggest that treatment intensification should be monitored, with efforts made to educate health care providers on strategies aimed at improving glycemic control for high-risk patients. DISCLOSURES: This study was funded by a grant from Janssen Scientific Affairs, which was involved in study design, interpretation of results, and manuscript review. Wander reports consulting fees from Sanofi Aventis outside the submitted work. McAdam-Marx reports grants from Sanofi Aventis and AstraZeneca outside the submitted work. Pesa and Bailey were employees of Janssen Scientific Affairs during the conduct of the study. Bailey also reports stock ownership in Johnson and Johnson. This study was presented as a poster at the Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy Nexus 2017; October 16-19, 2017; Grapevine, TX.
Maternal diabetes up-regulates NOX2 and enhances myocardial ischaemia/reperfusion injury in adult offspring.; Offspring of diabetic mothers are at risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms are not clear. We hypothesize that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes up-regulates myocardial NOX2 expression and enhances ischaemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury in the adult offspring. Maternal diabetes was induced in C57BL/6 mice by streptozotocin. Glucose-tolerant adult offspring of diabetic mothers and normal controls were subjected to myocardial I/R injury. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression, ROS generation, myocardial apoptosis and infarct size were assessed. The VEGF-Akt (protein kinase B)-mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-NOX2 signalling pathway was also studied in cultured cardiomyocytes in response to high glucose level. In the hearts of adult offspring from diabetic mothers, increases were observed in VEGF expression, NOX2 protein levels and both Akt and mTOR phosphorylation levels as compared to the offspring of control mothers. After I/R, ROS generation, myocardial apoptosis and infarct size were all significantly higher in the offspring of diabetic mothers relative to offspring of control mothers, and these differences were diminished by in vivo treatment with the NADPH oxidase inhibitor apocynin. In cultured cardiomyocytes, high glucose increased mTOR phosphorylation, which was inhibited by the PI3 kinase inhibitor LY294002. Notably, high glucose-induced NOX2 protein expression and ROS production were inhibited by rapamycin. In conclusion, maternal diabetes promotes VEGF-Akt-mTOR-NOX2 signalling and enhances myocardial I/R injury in the adult offspring. Increased ROS production from NOX2 is a possible molecular mechanism responsible for developmental origins of cardiovascular disease in offspring of diabetic mothers.
Safety of low weight gain or weight loss in pregnancies with class 1, 2, and 3 obesity: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: There are concerns that current gestational weight gain recommendations for women with obesity are too high and that guidelines should differ on the basis of severity of obesity. In this study we investigated the safety of gestational weight gain below current recommendations or weight loss in pregnancies with obesity, and evaluated whether separate guidelines are needed for different obesity classes. METHODS: In this population-based cohort study, we used electronic medical records from the Stockholm-Gotland Perinatal Cohort study to identify pregnancies with obesity (early pregnancy BMI before 14 weeks' gestation ≥30 kg/m(2)) among singleton pregnancies that delivered between Jan 1, 2008, and Dec 31, 2015. The pregnancy records were linked with Swedish national health-care register data up to Dec 31, 2019. Gestational weight gain was calculated as the last measured weight before or at delivery minus early pregnancy weight (at <14 weeks' gestation), and standardised for gestational age into z-scores. We used Poisson regression to assess the association of gestational weight gain z-score with a composite outcome of: stillbirth, infant death, large for gestational age and small for gestational age at birth, preterm birth, unplanned caesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, excess postpartum weight retention, and new-onset longer-term maternal cardiometabolic disease after pregnancy, weighted to account for event severity. We calculated rate ratios (RRs) for our composite adverse outcome along the weight gain z-score continuum, compared with a reference of the current lower limit for gestational weight gain recommended by the US Institute of Medicine (IOM; 5 kg at term). RRs were adjusted for confounding factors (maternal age, height, parity, early pregnancy BMI, early pregnancy smoking status, prepregnancy cardiovascular disease or diabetes, education, cohabitation status, and Nordic country of birth). FINDINGS: Our cohort comprised 15 760 pregnancies with obesity, followed up for a median of 7·9 years (IQR 5·8-9·4). 11 667 (74·0%) pregnancies had class 1 obesity, 3160 (20·1%) had class 2 obesity, and 933 (5·9%) had class 3 obesity. Among these pregnancies, 1623 (13·9%), 786 (24·9%), and 310 (33·2%), respectively, had weight gain during pregnancy below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation (5 kg). In pregnancies with class 1 or 2 obesity, gestational weight gain values below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation or weight loss did not increase risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, at weight gain z-score -2·4, corresponding to 0 kg at 40 weeks: adjusted RR 0·97 [95% CI 0·89-1·06] in obesity class 1 and 0·96 [0·86-1·08] in obesity class 2). In pregnancies with class 3 obesity, weight gain values below the IOM limit or weight loss were associated with reduced risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, adjusted RR 0·81 [0·71-0·89] at weight gain z-score -2·4, or 0 kg). INTERPRETATION: Our findings support calls to lower or remove the lower limit of current IOM recommendations for pregnant women with obesity, and suggest that separate guidelines for class 3 obesity might be warranted. FUNDING: Karolinska Institutet and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
Remote patient monitoring for management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication of pregnancy, and its treatment is complex. Recent years have seen an increase in the application of mobile health tools and advanced technologies, such as remote patient monitoring, with the aim of improving care for diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. Previous studies of these technologies for the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy have been small and have not clearly shown clinical benefit with implementation. OBJECTIVE: Remote patient monitoring allows clinicians to monitor patients' health data (such as glucose values) in near real-time, between office visits, to make timely adjustments to care. Our objective was to determine if using remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes in pregnancy leads to an improvement in maternal and neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant patients with diabetes mellitus managed by the maternal-fetal medicine practice at one academic institution between October 2019 and April 2021. This practice transitioned from paper-based blood glucose logs to remote patient monitoring in February 2020. Remote patient monitoring options included (1) device integration with Bluetooth glucometers that automatically uploaded measured glucose values to the patient's Epic MyChart application or (2) manual entry in which patients manually logged their glucose readings into their MyChart application. Values in the MyChart application directly transferred to the patient's electronic health record for review and management by clinicians. In total, 533 patients were studied. We compared 173 patients managed with paper logs to 360 patients managed with remote patient monitoring (176 device integration and 184 manual entry). Our primary outcomes were composite maternal morbidity (which included third- and fourth-degree lacerations, chorioamnionitis, postpartum hemorrhage requiring transfusion, postpartum hysterectomy, wound infection or separation, venous thromboembolism, and maternal admission to the intensive care unit) and composite neonatal morbidity (which included umbilical cord pH <7.00, 5 minute Apgar score <7, respiratory morbidity, hyperbilirubinemia, meconium aspiration, intraventricular hemorrhage, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, pneumonia, seizures, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, shoulder dystocia, trauma, brain or body cooling, and neonatal intensive care unit admission). Secondary outcomes were measures of glycemic control and the individual components of the primary composite outcomes. We also performed a secondary analysis in which the patients who used the two different remote patient monitoring options (device integration vs manual entry) were compared. Chi-square, Fisher's exact, 2-sample t, and Mann-Whitney tests were used to compare the groups. A result was considered statistically significant at P<.05. RESULTS: Maternal baseline characteristics were not significantly different between the remote patient monitoring and paper groups aside from a slightly higher baseline rate of chronic hypertension in the remote patient monitoring group (6.1% vs 1.2%; P=.011). The primary outcomes of composite maternal and composite neonatal morbidity were not significantly different between the groups. However, remote patient monitoring patients submitted more glucose values (177 vs 146; P=.008), were more likely to achieve glycemic control in target range (79.2% vs 52.0%; P<.0001), and achieved the target range sooner (median, 3.3 vs 4.1 weeks; P=.025) than patients managed with paper logs. This was achieved without increasing in-person visits. Remote patient monitoring patients had lower rates of preeclampsia (5.8% vs 15.0%; P=.0006) and their infants had lower rates of neonatal hypoglycemia in the first 24 hours of life (29.8% vs 51.7%; P<.0001). CONCLUSION: Remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is superior to a traditional paper-based approach in achieving glycemic control and is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Consequences of being overweight or obese during pregnancy on diabetes in the offspring: a record linkage study in Aberdeen, Scotland.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Maternal obesity in pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular disease and mortality rate in the offspring. We aimed to determine whether maternal obesity is also associated with increased incidence of type 2 and type 1 diabetes in the offspring, independently of maternal diabetes as a candidate mechanistic pathway. METHODS: Birth records of 118,201 children from 1950 to 2011 in the Aberdeen Maternity and Neonatal Databank were linked to Scottish Care Information-Diabetes, the national register for diagnosed diabetes in Scotland, to identify incident and prevalent type 1 and type 2 diabetes up to 1 January 2012. Maternal BMI was calculated from height and weight measured at the first antenatal visit. The effect of maternal obesity on offspring outcomes was tested using time-to-event analysis with Cox proportional hazards regression to compare outcomes in offspring of mothers in underweight, overweight or obese categories of BMI, compared with offspring of women with normal BMI. RESULTS: Offspring of obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)) and overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) mothers had an increased hazard of type 2 diabetes compared with mothers with normal BMI, after adjustment for gestation when weight was measured, maternal history of diabetes before pregnancy, maternal history of hypertension, age at delivery, parity, socioeconomic status, and sex of the offspring: HR 3.48 (95% CI 2.33, 5.06) and HR 1.39 (1.06, 1.83), respectively. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Maternal obesity is associated with increased incidence of type 2 diabetes in the offspring. Evidence-based strategies that reduce obesity among women of reproductive age and that might reduce the incidence of diabetes in their offspring are urgently required.
Atypical Forms of Diabetes.; While most patients with diabetes have Type 1 diabetes (T1D) or Type 2 diabetes (T2D) there are other etiologies of diabetes that occur less frequently. In this chapter we will discuss a number of these less-common causes of diabetes. It is clinically very important to recognize these uncommon causes of diabetes as treatment directed towards the underlying etiology can at times result in the remission of the diabetes (for example Cushing’s Syndrome) or be required to avoid other complications of the underlying disorder (for example hemochromatosis, which in addition to causing diabetes can lead to severe liver disease and congestive heart failure). In this chapter the following disorders that are associated with diabetes are discussed: 1) genetic disorders of insulin action (Type A insulin resistance, Donohue Syndrome/Leprechaunism, Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome); 2) maternally inherited diabetes mellitus and deafness syndrome; 3) disorders of the exocrine pancreas (pancreatitis, trauma/pancreatectomy, neoplasia, cystic ﬁbrosis, hemochromatosis); 4) endocrinopathies (acromegaly, Cushing’s syndrome, glucagonoma, pheochromocytoma, hyperthyroidism, somatostatinoma, primary hyperaldosteronism); 5) drug induced; 6) infections; 7) immune mediated (stiff-man syndrome, anti-insulin receptor antibodies); 8) ketosis prone diabetes (Flatbush diabetes); and 9) genetic disorder sometimes associated with diabetes (Down syndrome, Klinefelter syndrome, Turner syndrome, Wilsons syndrome, Wolfram syndrome, Friedreich ataxia, Huntington chorea, Bardet-Biedl syndrome (Laurence-Moon-Biedl syndrome), myotonic dystrophy, porphyria, Prader-Willi syndrome, Alström syndrome). Gestational diabetes, monogenic diabetes (maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY) and neonatal diabetes), lipodystrophy, fibrocalculous pancreatic disease, diabetes associated with HIV infection, diabetes due to the autoimmune polyglandular syndromes, and post-transplant diabetes are not discussed in this chapter as they are discussed in other Endotext chapters. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Oral Health and Diabetes.; The vast majority of the U.S. adult population suffers from periodontal diseases, as about 90% suffer from the reversible form, gingivitis, whereas almost 50% of adults age ≥30 years are affected by periodontitis, which is the chronic periodontal breakdown of both soft and hard tissues that support the teeth. Diabetes prevalence is assuming epidemic proportions with 30.2 million or 12.2% of the U.S. adult population age ≥18 years having diabetes in 2015, of whom about one-quarter are unaware of their diabetes; an additional one-third (84.1 million) have prediabetes, of whom about 90% are unaware. Due to the great prevalence of both diseases, it is important for health care professionals and lay people alike to be aware of both periodontal diseases and diabetes and their two-way interactions in which they mutually and adversely affect each other to understand how to prevent, treat, and manage both diseases. Since periodontitis and diabetes share the same risk factors, any improvement in a risk factor should beneficially affect both conditions. This concept is shown by a decrease in the level of inflammation upon nonsurgical periodontal treatment, which improves both periodontal health in individuals with type 2 diabetes and those without diabetes, as well as glycemic control in type 2 diabetes and in people with prediabetes. Gingivitis is a reversible inflammation of the soft tissues surrounding the teeth in response to dental plaque, whereas periodontitis is a chronic, inflammatory disease that in response to dental plaque causes breakdown of the soft and hard tissues surrounding the teeth in susceptible individuals. This destruction often occurs without any pain or other symptoms. Nonetheless, if left untreated, it can lead to loosening of the tooth and eventually to its total loss, with adverse effects on nutrition, self-esteem, and function. Moreover, the number of teeth lost is strongly associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, and advanced tooth loss, especially edentulism (loss of all teeth), is associated with premature all-cause mortality. Periodontitis causes local and systemic inflammatory responses that lead to development or worsening of hyperglycemia and hence contribute to increased blood glucose levels in healthy individuals; development of prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, and gestational diabetes; decreased glycemic control in overt diabetes; and worsening of diabetes complications. Diabetes is also a chronic, inflammation-related metabolic disease diagnosed by hyperglycemia. Such elevated blood glucose levels negatively impact the inflammatory response to dental plaque, leading to more severe gingivitis and periodontitis. Hence, periodontitis and diabetes mutually and adversely affect each other. Importantly, the risk factors are largely identical for these two diseases, so when identifying and improving risk factors related to one of the two diseases, the other could be present and its severity lessened. Such improvements could consist of quitting smoking, decreasing intake of added sugar, reducing any inflammation, and getting sufficient sleep at healthy times per the circadian rhythm. Routine, nonsurgical, periodontal treatment (“deep cleaning”) that can be performed by dental health care professionals in general dental practice or in periodontists’ specialty offices—together with proper home oral hygiene care—can lead to improved glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Hyperglycemia can also contribute to impaired healing of lesions around the apex (tip) of the teeth with chronic infection and inflammation persisting in the jaw bone. Extraction of teeth that suffer from chronic periodontitis or periapical periodontitis leads to decreased levels of inflammatory biomarkers. Moreover, diabetes and the use of diabetes medication can lead to dry mouth, which contributes to development of caries, periodontitis, and thrush (candidiasis). Diabetic neuropathy can lead to burning mouth syndrome (glossodynia) and taste impairment (dysgeusia) and may be involved in trigeminal nerve pain and temporomandibular joint disorders. Both periodontitis and diabetes lead to potentially severely diminished quality of life. Nonetheless, people with diabetes have fewer dental visits than their peers without diabetes. It is important for both dental and medical care providers to keep in mind the possible coexistence of periodontitis and dysglycemia (hyperglycemia), as both diseases negatively affect each other. Proper, mutual referral is essential, as both diseases can be improved, if the informed providers collaborate in a patient-centered, interprofessional team approach in the interest of the best possible oral and systemic health for their mutual patients. Therefore, it may make both medical and financial sense to include the attainment of a healthy mouth in diabetes management, as well as screening for diabetes in the dental office, with the potential for substantial decreases in the burden of both human disease and suffering, as well as financial costs, to the benefit of the individuals, their caregivers, and society overall.
No. 367-2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity throughout Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The objective is to provide guidance for pregnant women, and obstetric care and exercise professionals, on prenatal physical activity. OUTCOMES: The outcomes evaluated were maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality during and following pregnancy. EVIDENCE: Literature was retrieved through searches of Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus and Web of Science Core Collection, CINAHL Plus with Full-text, Child Development & Adolescent Studies, ERIC, Sport Discus, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Trip Database from database inception up to January 6, 2017. Primary studies of any design were eligible, except case studies. Results were limited to English, Spanish, or French language materials. Articles related to maternal physical activity during pregnancy reporting on maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality were eligible for inclusion. The quality of evidence was rated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology. VALUES: The Guidelines Consensus Panel solicited feedback from end-users (obstetric care providers, exercise professionals, researchers, policy organizations, and pregnant and postpartum women). The development of this guideline followed the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research Evaluation (AGREE) II instrument. BENEFITS, HARMS, AND COSTS: The benefits of prenatal physical activity are moderate, and no harms were identified; therefore, the difference between desirable and undesirable consequences (net benefit) is expected to be moderate. The majority of stakeholders and end-users indicated that following these recommendations would be feasible, acceptable, and equitable. Following these recommendations is likely to require minimal resources from both individual and health systems perspectives. PREAMBLE: This guideline provide evidence-based recommendations regarding physical activity throughout pregnancy in the promotion of maternal, fetal, and neonatal health. In the absence of contraindications (see later for a detailed list), following this guideline is associated with: (1) fewer newborn complications (i.e., large for gestational age); and (2) maternal health benefits (i.e., decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, Caesarean section, instrumental delivery, urinary incontinence, excessive gestational weight gain, and depression; improved blood glucose; decreased total gestational weight gain; and decreased severity of depressive symptoms and lumbopelvic pain). Physical activity is not associated with miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal death, preterm birth, preterm/prelabour rupture of membranes, neonatal hypoglycemia, low birth weight, birth defects, induction of labour, or birth complications. In general, more physical activity (frequency, duration, and/or volume) is associated with greater benefits. However, evidence was not identified regarding the safety or additional benefit of exercising at levels significantly above the recommendations. Prenatal physical activity should be considered a front-line therapy for reducing the risk of pregnancy complications and enhancing maternal physical and mental health. For pregnant women not currently meeting this guideline, a progressive adjustment toward them is recommended. Previously active women may continue physical activity throughout pregnancy. Women may need to modify physical activity as pregnancy progresses. There may be periods when following the guideline is not possible due to fatigue and/or discomforts of pregnancy; women are encouraged to do what they can and to return to following the recommendations when they are able. This guideline were informed by an extensive systematic review of the literature, expert opinion, end-user consultation and considerations of feasibility, acceptability, costs, and equity. RECOMMENDATIONS: The specific recommendations in this 2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity Throughout Pregnancy are provided below with corresponding statements indicating the quality of the evidence informing the recommendations and the strength of the recommendations (explanations follow). CONTRAINDICATIONS: All pregnant women can participate in physical activity throughout pregnancy with the exception of those who have contraindications (listed below). Women with absolute contraindications may continue their usual activities of daily living but should not participate in more strenuous activities. Women with relative contraindications should discuss the advantages and disadvantages of moderate-to-vigorous intensity physical activity with their obstetric care provider prior to participation. Absolute contraindications to exercise are the following: Relative contraindications to exercise are the following: STRENGTH OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS: The GRADE system was utilized to grade the strength of the recommendations. Recommendations are rated as strong or weak based on the: (1) balance between benefits and harms; (2) overall quality of the evidence; (3) importance of outcomes (i.e., values and preferences of pregnant women); (4) use of resources (i.e., cost); (5) impact on health equity; (6) feasibility, and (7) acceptability. Strong recommendation: Most or all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action. Weak recommendation: Not all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action; there is a need to consider other factors such as the individual's circumstances, preferences, values, resources available, or setting. Consultation with an obstetric care provider may assist in decision-making. QUALITY OF THE EVIDENCE: The quality of the evidence refers to the level of confidence in the evidence and ranges from very low to high. High quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is very confident that the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is close to the true effect. Moderate quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is moderately confident in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be close to the true effect, but there is a possibility that it is substantially different. Low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel's confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is limited; the estimate of the effect may be substantially different from the true effect. Very low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel has very little confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be substantially different from the true effect. (a)This was a weak recommendation because the quality of evidence was low, and the net benefit between women who were physically active and those who were not was small. (b)This was a strong recommendation because, despite low quality evidence supporting physical activity during pregnancy for women categorized as overweight or obese, there was evidence from randomized controlled trials demonstrating an improvement in gestational weight gain and blood glucose. (c)Moderate-intensity physical activity is intense enough to noticeably increase heart rate; a person can talk but not sing during activities of this intensity. Examples of moderate-intensity physical activity include brisk walking, water aerobics, stationary cycling (moderate effort), resistance training, carrying moderate loads, and household chores (e.g., gardening, washing windows). (d)This was a weak recommendation because urinary incontinence was was not rated as a "critical" outcome and the evidence was low quality. (e)This was a weak recommendation because: (1) the quality of evidence was very low; and (2) although harms were investigated there was limited available information to inform the balance of benefits and harms. This recommendation was primarily based on expert opinion.
Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes.; The classification of diabetes was originally limited to only two categories called juvenile-onset diabetes mellitus, now known as type 1 diabetes mellitus, and adult-onset diabetes mellitus, now known as type 2 diabetes mellitus. This has grown to a recognition of more than 50 subcategories caused by various pathogenic mechanisms or accompanying other diseases and syndromes. The diagnosis of diabetes has evolved from physician recognition of typical symptoms to detection of ambient hyperglycemia and, thence, to the definition of excessive plasma glucose levels after an overnight fast and/or following challenge with a glucose load (oral glucose tolerance test or OGTT), and more recently, by measurement of glycated hemoglobin (A1c). Screening has uncovered a much higher prevalence of diabetes in the United States and elsewhere, as well as its enormous public health impact. Modern testing has defined individuals at high risk for the development of diabetes and pregnant women whose fetuses are at increased risk for mortality and morbidity. Type 1 diabetes results from an autoimmune attack on the pancreatic islet beta cells, manifest by autoantibodies and T cells reactive with islet cell antigens prior to and after the development of hyperglycemia. When approximately 80% of beta cells have been damaged or destroyed, insulin deficiency produces hyperglycemia and risk of ketosis. Hyperglycemia, in turn, causes osmotic diuresis resulting in frequent urination, thirst, and weight loss. Type 2 diabetes is caused by a combination of insulin resistance and relative insulin insufficiency. Insulin resistance accompanies obesity, a sedentary lifestyle, and advanced age. The pathogenetic factors of type 1 and type 2 diabetes overlap in many patients, with obesity now prevalent in children and adults. Gestational diabetes is specific for pregnancy and is a harbinger of future type 2 diabetes. Diagnostic glycemic criteria for presymptomatic diabetes have been set using diabetic retinopathy as a specific complication of the disease: A1c ≥6.5%; fasting plasma glucose (FPG) ≥126 mg/dL; or plasma glucose measured 2 hours after an OGTT (2-hour PG) ≥200 mg/dL. For patients with typical symptoms, a random plasma glucose ≥200 mg/dL is diagnostic. The 2-hour PG yields the highest prevalence and A1c the lowest. A1c is the most convenient and practical test, requiring no preparation, is analytically superior, and has the lowest intraindividual variation. It is more expensive than the FPG, but the same or less than the OGTT. The 2-hour PG is the most burdensome to the patient and has the highest intraindividual variation. Standardized measurement of A1c is not available everywhere. Confirmation of an abnormal test with the same test is recommended. Studies in various populations show inconsistency among the glycemic tests. Of people meeting the A1c criterion, 27%–98% meet plasma glucose criteria. Of people meeting plasma glucose criteria, 17%–78% meet the A1c criterion. These discrepancies occur because each test measures different aspects of hyperglycemia that may vary among patients. While the risk of future diabetes is continuously associated with plasma glucose and A1c, the areas between the upper limits of normal and the diabetes cutpoints have been called “prediabetes” or “high risk for diabetes.” These have been defined categorically as A1c 6.0%–6.4% or 5.7%–6.4%; impaired fasting glucose (IFG), FPG 100–125 mg/dL; and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 2-hour PG 140–199 mg/dL. A1c 6.0%–6.4% increases the odds ratio (OR) for progression to diabetes (OR 12.5–16) more than the range of 5.7%–6.4% (OR 9.2). In U.S. studies, the incidence of type 2 diabetes averages approximately 6% per year in people with IGT and can reverse spontaneously. IFG is more prevalent than IGT in the United States, though IGT rises more sharply with age. IFG increases the risk of future diabetes to various degrees in different countries, with odds ratios ranging from 2.9 to 18.5. Opportunistic screening for diabetes in health care venues, especially if targeted to persons with high-risk characteristics, e.g., obesity and older age, can be cost-effective. The lower cutpoints for prediabetes should be used if the screening is also aimed at those at high risk for developing diabetes. Indiscriminate public screening for diabetes is not yet supported by sufficient long-term benefit gained from early detection of asymptomatic diabetes, nor has its cost-effectiveness been demonstrated. However, if undertaken, a capillary blood glucose ≥120 mg/dL is an efficient screening cutpoint with relatively low cost per case detected. The major public health implication of diagnosing asymptomatic diabetes is that diabetes is a major cause of cardiovascular disease, renal failure requiring dialysis and kidney transplant, and blindness or vision-threatening retinal disease necessitating surgery or intraocular injection therapy. With appropriate targeted therapy of hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, these complications can be prevented or ameliorated.
Screening and subsequent management for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant health.; BACKGROUND: Thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy (both hyper- and hypothyroidism) is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for mothers and infants in the short- and long-term. Managing the thyroid dysfunction (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes. The best method of screening to identify and subsequently manage thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy is unknown. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of different screening methods (and subsequent management) for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy on maternal and infant outcomes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 July 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials, comparing any screening method (e.g. tool, program, guideline/protocol) for detecting thyroid dysfunction (including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and/or thyroid autoimmunity) pre-pregnancy or during pregnancy with no screening, or alternative screening methods. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed eligibility of studies, extracted and checked data accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. MAIN RESULTS: We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 26,408 women) - these trials were considered to be at low risk of bias. Universal screening (screening all women) versus case finding (screening only those at perceived increased risk) in pregnancy for thyroid dysfunctionOne trial (4562 women) compared universal screening with case finding for thyroid dysfunction. Before 11 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group, and 'high-risk' women in the case finding group had their sera tested for TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone), fT4 (free thyroxine) and TPO-Ab (thyroid peroxidase antibody); women with hypothyroidism (TSH > 2.5 mIU/litre) received levothyroxine; women with hyperthyroidism (undetectable TSH and elevated fT4) received antithyroid medication.In regards to this review's primary outcomes, compared with the case finding group, more women in the universal screening group were diagnosed with hypothyroidism (risk ratio (RR) 3.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women; GRADE: high quality evidence), with a trend towards more women being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism (RR 4.50, 95% CI 0.97 to 20.82; 4562 women; P = 0.05; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). No clear differences were seen in the risks of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.18; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or preterm birth (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.24; 4516 women; GRADE: high quality evidence) between groups. This trial did not report on neurosensory disability for the infant as a child.Considering this review's secondary outcomes, more women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women). No clear differences between groups were observed for miscarriage (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), fetal and neonatal death (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.02; 4516 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or other secondary outcomes: pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, congestive heart failure, thyroid storm, mode of birth (caesarean section), preterm labour, placental abruption, respiratory distress syndrome, low birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or other congenital malformations. The trial did not report on a number of outcomes including adverse effects associated with the intervention. Universal screening versus no screening in pregnancy for hypothyroidismOne trial (21,846 women) compared universal screening with no screening for hypothyroidism. Before 15 + 6 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group had their sera tested; women who screened 'positive' (TSH > 97.5th percentile, fT4 < 2.5th percentile, or both) received levothyroxine.Considering primary review outcomes, compared with the no screening group, more women in the universal screening screened 'positive' for hypothyroidism (RR 998.18, 95% CI 62.36 to 15,978.48; 21,839 women; GRADE: high quality evidence). No data were provided for the outcome pre-eclampsia, and for preterm birth, the trial reported rates of 5.6% and 7.9% for the screening and no screening groups respectively (it was unclear if these percentages related to the entire cohort or women who screened positive). No clear difference was seen for neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (three-year follow-up IQ score < 85) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.22; 794 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence).More women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 1102.90, 95% CI 69.07 to 17,610.46; 1050 women); 10% had their dose lowered because of low TSH, high fT4 or minor side effects. No clear differences were observed for other secondary outcomes, including developmental delay/intellectual impairment at three years. Most of our secondary outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal or neonatal death were not reported. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Based on the existing evidence, though universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy increases the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism who can be subsequently treated, it does not clearly impact (benefit or harm) maternal and infant outcomes.While universal screening versus case finding for thyroid dysfunction increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, we found no clear differences for the primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia or preterm birth. No clear differences were seen for secondary outcomes, including miscarriage and fetal or neonatal death; data were lacking for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child, and for many secondary outcomes. Though universal screening versus no screening for hypothyroidism similarly increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, no clear difference was seen for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (IQ < 85 at three years); data were lacking for the other primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia and preterm birth, and for the majority of secondary outcomes.For outcomes assessed using the GRADE approach the evidence was considered to be moderate or high quality, with any downgrading of the evidence based on the presence of wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect.More evidence is needed to assess the benefits or harms of different screening methods for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, on maternal, infant and child health outcomes. Future trials should assess impacts on use of health services and costs, and be adequately powered to evaluate the effects on short- and long-term outcomes.
Associations of Maternal Cardiovascular Health in Pregnancy With Offspring Cardiovascular Health in Early Adolescence.; IMPORTANCE: Pregnancy may be a key window to optimize cardiovascular health (CVH) for the mother and influence lifelong CVH for her child. OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between maternal gestational CVH and offspring CVH. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study used data from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) Study (examinations: July 2000-April 2006) and HAPO Follow-Up Study (examinations: February 2013-December 2016). The analyses included 2302 mother-child dyads, comprising 48% of HAPO Follow-Up Study participants, in an ancillary CVH study. Participants were from 9 field centers across the United States, Barbados, United Kingdom, China, Thailand, and Canada. EXPOSURES: Maternal gestational CVH at a target of 28 weeks' gestation, based on 5 metrics: body mass index, blood pressure, total cholesterol level, glucose level, and smoking. Each metric was categorized as ideal, intermediate, or poor using pregnancy guidelines. Total CVH was categorized as follows: all ideal metrics, 1 or more intermediate (but 0 poor) metrics, 1 poor metric, or 2 or more poor metrics. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Offspring CVH at ages 10 to 14 years, based on 4 metrics: body mass index, blood pressure, total cholesterol level, and glucose level. Total CVH was categorized as for mothers. RESULTS: Among 2302 dyads, the mean (SD) ages were 29.6 (2.7) years for pregnant mothers and 11.3 (1.1) years for children. During pregnancy, the mean (SD) maternal CVH score was 8.6 (1.4) out of 10. Among pregnant mothers, the prevalence of all ideal metrics was 32.8% (95% CI, 30.6%-35.1%), 31.7% (95% CI, 29.4%-34.0%) for 1 or more intermediate metrics, 29.5% (95% CI, 27.2%-31.7%) for 1 poor metric, and 6.0% (95% CI, 3.8%-8.3%) for 2 or more poor metrics. Among children of mothers with all ideal metrics, the prevalence of all ideal metrics was 42.2% (95% CI, 38.4%-46.2%), 36.7% (95% CI, 32.9%-40.7%) for 1 or more intermediate metrics, 18.4% (95% CI, 14.6%-22.4%) for 1 poor metric, and 2.6% (95% CI, 0%-6.6%) for 2 or more poor metrics. Among children of mothers with 2 or more poor metrics, the prevalence of all ideal metrics was 30.7% (95% CI, 22.0%-40.4%), 28.3% (95% CI, 19.7%-38.1%) for 1 or more intermediate metrics, 30.7% (95% CI, 22.0%-40.4%) for 1 poor metric, and 10.2% (95% CI, 1.6%-20.0%) for 2 or more poor metrics. The adjusted relative risks associated with 1 or more intermediate, 1 poor, and 2 or more poor (vs all ideal) metrics, respectively, in mothers during pregnancy were 1.17 (95% CI, 0.96-1.42), 1.66 (95% CI, 1.39-1.99), and 2.02 (95% CI, 1.55-2.64) for offspring to have 1 poor (vs all ideal) metrics, and the relative risks were 2.15 (95% CI, 1.23-3.75), 3.32 (95% CI,1.96-5.62), and 7.82 (95% CI, 4.12-14.85) for offspring to have 2 or more poor (vs all ideal) metrics. Additional adjustment for categorical birth factors (eg, preeclampsia) did not fully explain these significant associations (eg, relative risk for association between 2 or more poor metrics among mothers during pregnancy and 2 or more poor metrics among offspring after adjustment for an extended set of birth factors, 6.23 [95% CI, 3.03-12.82]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this multinational cohort, better maternal CVH at 28 weeks' gestation was significantly associated with better offspring CVH at ages 10 to 14 years.
